目录
Contents




                                                          1    About Us
                                                                   004    Important Notice
                                                                   006    Definitions
                                                                   008    CEO’s Letter
                                                                   010    Company Profile
                                                                   016    Summary of the Results
                                                                   022    Major Events of the Company


           2 Operating Analysis and Strategies
                    028   Summary of the Company’s Business
                    042   Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board
                    104   Major Events



      3 Corporate Governance
              136    Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders
              152    Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff
              174    Corporate Governance
              224    Corporate Bonds


                                         Financial Report and Documents
                                  4 for Inspection

                                                    238       Independent Auditor's Report
                                                    247       Annual Financial Report
                                                    387       Index of Documents for Inspection
                                                    387       Information Disclosure of Securities Companies
                                                    388       Appendix
1   ABOUT US
                                                            S
                                                        E
                                                    I
                                                T
                                            I
                                        R
                                    U
                                C
                            E
                        S

                    I
                A
            T
        A
    U
H

                                            Important Notice              004

                                            Definitions                   006

                                            CEO’s Letter                  008

                                            Company Profile               010

                                            Summary of the Results        016

                                            Major Events of the Company   022
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
          Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains
          no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities
          to the information in this report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of
          the Company.

          III. Director(s) absent from the meeting

          Position of absent Director      Name of absent Director    Reasons for absence          Name of proxy
          Director                         Ke Xiang                   Business engagement          Chen Yongbing
          Director                         Wang Tao                   Business engagement          Zhang Wei


          IV. None of the Directors and Supervisors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by KPMG
          Huazhen LLP and KPMG, respectively, which issued a standard unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Zhang Wei, the person in charge of the Company, Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of accounting, and
          Fei Lei, the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of accounting department),
          hereby warrant and guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual report is true, accurate
          and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal or the reserve capitalization proposal for the Reporting Period considered
          by the Board.

          According to the 2020 annual financial statements of the Company, the net profit of the Parent Company
          for 2020 reached RMB5,923,763,424.27. According to relevant provisions of the Company Law, Securities Law,
          Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (《金融企業財務規則》) and the Articles of Association of the Company,
          the Company had appropriated 10% statutory surplus reserve, 10% general risk reserve and 10% trading
          risk reserve of RMB1,777,129,027.29 in total, after which the profit available for distribution for the year was
          RMB4,146,634,396.98.

          Plus the balance of undistributed profit in previous years, the accumulated profit available for distribution to
          investors as at the end of 2020 was RMB17,604,448,446.99.

          According to relevant requirements of the CSRC, gains arising from the fair value changes in distributable
          profit of securities companies shall not be used for cash distribution to shareholders. As at the end of
          December 2020, the accumulated fair value changes in distributable profit of the Parent Company were
          RMB2,807,531,731.31, after deduction of which as required, the profit of the Parent Company available for
          distribution to investors in cash amounted to RMB14,796,916,715.68.

          After comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of
          the Company, the 2020 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s existing total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the A Shares deposited in
          the special account for securities repurchase and temporarily not used in the equity incentive scheme (the
          number of shares under the equity incentive scheme is calculated at the maximum number of restricted
          shares under the equity incentive scheme as considered and approved at the 2021 first extraordinary
          general meeting of the Company), with the total cash dividend of RMB3,612,609,402.00 (tax inclusive).
          The actual total amount of payment will be calculated based on the total number of shares that will be




004
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
entitled to the dividend distribution on the record date for the implementation of the distribution plan by the
Company. The remaining profit available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at
the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB against HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to
the date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

VIII. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual
report do not constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised

                                                                                                                             About Us
to pay attention to investment risks.

IX. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders
and their related parties during the Reporting Period.

X. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making
procedures during the Reporting Period.

XI. During the Reporting Period, there exits no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could
not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
XII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency,
the Chinese version shall prevail.


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
XIII. Warning on Major Risks

General economic and political conditions such as macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and
regulations influencing financial and securities industries, rising and falling trends in commercial and
financial industries, inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, availability of long and short-term market capital
sources, funds raising costs and interest rate levels and fluctuations may have an impact on the Company’s
business. Besides, like other companies in the securities industry, inherent risks in the securities market, such
as market volatility and trading volume, may also affect the Company’s business. The Company cannot




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
guarantee the sustainability of favorable politics, economy and market conditions.

Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks from national macro-control
measures, changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in securities
industry, which will adversely influence the business of securities companies; compliance risks from business
management or professional activities violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company
being punished by laws, being taken regulatory measures, suffering from property loss or reputation loss;
legal risks from failure to abide by provisions and requirements in laws and regulations, which make the
Company face litigations, compensation, and fines and suffer from loss; market risks from fluctuations
in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices, commodity prices, etc.), which make the
Company suffer from loss in assets; credit risks from default of products or debt issuers or counterparties



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(customers), which make the Company suffer from loss; liquidity risks from inability to obtain sufficient funds
at reasonable cost to pay matured debts, fulfil other payment obligations and satisfy the capital needs
for normal business; information and technology risks such as various technical failure or data leakage of



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
the Company’s information system from internal and external reasons, which consequently cause loss as
the information system is impossible to guarantee the stability, high-efficiency and safety of transactions
and business management in business realization, response speed, processing capacity, data encryption
and so on; operational risks from incomplete or problematic internal procedures, personnel or systems
or external incidents, which cause loss; reputation risks from business operation, management and other
behaviors or external incidents which lead to negative judgement on the Company from relevant media;
money laundering risk from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by criminals to engage in
money laundering activities which lead to negative effects on the Company’s legal, reputation, compliance,
operation and other aspects. Besides, with the advancement of the Company’s internationalization strategy,
the Company’s business will enter the United States, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong and other countries
and regions, and the Company will face more complex market environment and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                    005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00
          A Share(s)
                                                            each, which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          AoP                                               Assets on Platform

          APP                                               application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise
          Articles of Association
                                                            modified from time to time

          AssetMark                                         AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd.（江蘇銀行股份有限公司）

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          CAGR                                              compound annual growth rate

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises（中國企業會計準則）

                                                            the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this annual report, Hong
          China or the PRC
                                                            Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.（南方基金管理股份有限公司）

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.（江蘇交通控股有限公司）

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended
          Company Law
                                                            from time to time

                                                            an index consisting of 300 index sample stocks which are most representative selected
          CSI 300 Index                                     by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange jointly with the scale
                                                            and liquidity as the basic standards

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission（中國證券監督管理委員會）

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

          Fintech                                           financial technology

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies,
          Futures IB Business                               introduce clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and
                                                            provide other related services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.（江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司）

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited（江蘇省國信集團有限公司，formerly known as
                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited（江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司））
          Guoxin Group

                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00
          H Share(s)
                                                            each, which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited（香港交易及結算所有限公司）

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited（香港聯合交易所有限公司）

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate
                                                            name 华泰证券股份有限公司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor
                                                            华泰证券有限责任公司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007,
                                                            carrying on business in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-
                                                            Hong Kong company under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese
                                                            approved name of“華泰六八八六股份有限公司”and English name of “Huatai Securities
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,
          Company or Parent Company
                                                            Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which have been listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock
                                                            Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock Code: 6886); the A Shares of which have been listed
                                                            on SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock Code: 601688); and the global depository receipts
                                                            of which have been listed on the London Stock Exchange plc since June 2019 (Symbol:
                                                            HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires, including its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.（華泰證券（上海）資產管理有限
                                                            公司）, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
          Huatai Asset Management

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited（華泰金融控股（香港）有限公司）, a wholly-
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            owned subsidiary of Huatai International




006
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Huatai Futures                             Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.（華泰期貨有限公司）, a holding subsidiary of the Company

                                           Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.（華泰創新投資有限公司）, a wholly-owned subsidiary
Huatai Innovative Investment
                                           of the Company

                                           Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited（華泰國際金融控股有限公司）, a
Huatai International
                                           wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

Huatai-PineBridge                          Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management Co., Ltd.（華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司）

                                           Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.（華泰紫金投資有限責任公司）, a wholly-owned
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                           subsidiary of the Company

                                           Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.（華泰證券（美國）有限公司）, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Securities (USA)
                                           Huatai International

                                           Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.（華泰聯合證券有限責任公司）, a holding subsidiary of

                                                                                                                                               About Us
Huatai United Securities
                                           the Company

IFRS                                       the International Financial Reporting Standards

IPO                                        the initial public offering

IT                                         information technology

                                           Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.（江蘇股權交易中心有限責任公司）, a holding subsidiary
Jiangsu Equity Exchange
                                           of the Company

                                           State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
Jiangsu SASAC
                                           Government（江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會）

Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC（中國證監會江蘇監管局）



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                           Limited (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
London Stock Exchange or LSE               the London Stock Exchange plc（倫敦證券交易所）

                                           the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
Model Code
                                           Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

MSCI                                       Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                       the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for medium and small-sized enterprises

NMAU                                       the number of monthly active users

OTC                                        over-the-counter

PBOC                                       the People’s Bank of China




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
QDII                                       qualified domestic institutional investor

QFII                                       qualified foreign institutional investor

Reporting Period                           the year ended December 31, 2020

                                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
Securities and Futures Ordinance or SFO
                                           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

SFC                                        the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong（香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會）

                                           Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd.（上海新世紀資信評估投資服
                                           務有限公司）
Shanghai Brilliance

Shanghai Clearing House                    the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.（銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司）

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE             the Shanghai Stock Exchange（上海證券交易所）




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Shenzhen Stock Exchange                    the Shenzhen Stock Exchange（深圳證券交易所）

                                           an index consisting of 50 index sample stocks with large scale and good liquidity, which
SSE 50 Index                               are most representative in the securities market of Shanghai selected by the Shanghai
                                           Stock Exchange




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
SSF                                        the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC（全國社會保障基金理事會）

STAR Market                                science and technology innovation board of SSE

Supervisor(s)                              supervisor(s) of the Company

Supervisory Committee                      the supervisory committee of the Company

                                           Turn-key Asset Management Platform, a technological platform providing services
TAMP                                       such as investment products and strategies, assets portfolio management, customer
                                           relationship management and asset custody, as well as corporate operation

USD or US dollar                           the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                        value at risk

%                                          per cent.

In the 2020 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and
any discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                      007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:                                                  build unique brand and competitiveness.

          The past year was difficult and extraordinary. The COVID-19
          epidemic brought far-reaching effects on the economic               Customers are the origin of all thoughts and acts
          operation and social communications, but new opportunities
                                                                              Looking back, we have prospectively initiated the internet-
          were under breeding in the accelerated transformation.
                                                                              based strategy and consistently implemented it in the digital
          In particular, China’s economy recovered first and the
                                                                              transformation. In essence, we always consider customers as
          capital market has become a core hub for smoothing “dual
                                                                              the origin of thoughts and acts.
          circulation” in its 30th anniversary of establishment, leading a
          new round of reform and opening-up.                                 For retail customers, those born in the 1980s and 1990s
                                                                              and other new generations are growing into core forces
          We have been fortunate to grow and develop with China’s
                                                                              in investment and wealth management. They have strong
          capital market. This year also marks the 30th anniversary of
                                                                              self-awareness and distinctive individualities and are willing
          our establishment. We have been advancing with the trends
                                                                              to act with “confidants” and pay for what they really love.
          of times, braving in strategic pilots and reshaping ourselves
                                                                              Accordingly, leveraging on the integration of “ZhangLe Fortune
                                                                              Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ), “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲 樂 全 球 通 ) APPs and
          fundamentally and seized strategic opportunities such as
          the wave of mobile internet and digitalization and the reform
                                                                              the cloud platform for investment advisory services, we linked
          and opening-up of the capital market, achieving the leapfrog
                                                                              domestic and overseas businesses. While acquiring customers
          development from a local securities firm to an international
                                                                              massively, we paid more attention to customer operation
          securities group listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London
                                                                              and focused on the provision of personalized services to
          and becoming a leading securities firm with distinctive
                                                                              make customers feel that they are always “understood” to
          technological features.
                                                                              win their loyalty and become their “confidants” on investment
          The technology-empowered “two-pronged” development                  and wealth management. We launched the fund investment
          strategy of wealth management and institutional services,           advisory business to speed up in conversion towards the
          which was officially determined two years ago, has become           perspective of buyers and provide personalized asset
          a core driving force for reshaping our business systems and         allocation services for the benefits of customers. We have
          operation models and the business model, innovation led by          more than 17 million customers with customer assets of nearly
          digital transformation started to release value. As of the end of   RMB4.8 trillion. We can only continuously advance towards the
          2020, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB716,751 million,     target of a national wealth management brand through the
          representing a year-on-year increase of 27.49%, and the net         virtuous cycle of “flows” and “retention”.
          assets reached RMB132,312 million, representing a year-on-year
                                                                              For institutional customers, as an economy with a super
          increase of 5.30%; in 2020, the Group recorded revenue and
                                                                              large scale, China provides a broad platform for the rising of
          other income of RMB40,534 million, representing a year-on-
                                                                              new economies. Capitals facilitate outstanding enterprises
          year increase of 24.96% and a profit for the year attributable to
                                                                              in in-depth development and breed industrial leaders in
          shareholders of the Company of RMB10,822 million, representing
                                                                              the future. With the acceleration in market differentiation,
          a year-on-year increase of 20.22%.
                                                                              the capability of leading institutes to pool resources will be
          Standing at the new starting point of the 30th anniversary, we      significantly enhanced, which will place higher expectations
          are firmly convinced that technology is a key variant in breaking   on financial services. We deeply feel that only by leveraging
          traditions and triggering the reform of business models. We         on our comprehensive capability in industrial accumulation,
          will continue to deepen the technology-empowered “two-              plan innovation, integrated services, platform-based
          pronged” strategy, refine the full-service chain system with the    supports and global execution can we help customers
          platform-based and ecological development philosophy and            grasp industrial trends and seize market opportunities with




008
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
cutting-edge choices in line with their growth cycle. We have        pattern of “capital participation + business cooperation+
taken root in big health, TMT, big consumption and other             strategic synergy” and carrying out deployments on full
new economic industries for years and established leading            categories and scenarios covering from the new-generation
industrial ecosystems through the high-efficient integration of      IT infrastructure to digital platform instruments and front-end
industrial researches, investment banking, equity investment,        applications with diversified partners. We wish to integrate
corporate finance, wealth management and other domestic              technical innovation, scenario-based applications and
and overseas resources. Based on our unique advantages in            ecological cooperation and build robust digital products and
M&As and reorganizations, GDRs and other industries, we have         solutions.
established long-term partnership with various outstanding
enterprises. We have developed various benchmark projects in
                                                                     Empowerment organizations support the sustainable
the market and fostered various growth enterprises with high
                                                                     development
quality.

                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                                     The final implementation of the reform of business models
                                                                     depends on the support of organizational reform. Based on
Platform-based development accelerates innovation in
                                                                     the standard of whether it is convenient for customers, we are
business models
                                                                     speeding up the transformation from a functional organization
We have been exploring how to establish a brand new business         to an empowerment organization with linkage and sharing,
model with digital thoughts and create differentiated value for      coordinated and joint creation and prompt and efficient
more customers in perceiving and understanding customers.            services.
We gradually have a clear direction through practice:
                                                                     We fully utilize technology to help employees expand career
integrating full-business chain resources based on the
                                                                     boundaries, release them from low-value and repeated work
integration of advanced technology platforms and efficiently
                                                                     and focus on high-value and individualized services and



                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
empowering customers driven by data; achieving ecological
                                                                     links to consistently enhance their professional capabilities.
development through open platforms and achieving mutual
                                                                     We are also leveraging on platforms to break organizational
accomplishment with partners in diversified financial scenarios.
                                                                     barriers and continuously stimulate the vitality of market-



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Firstly, the productivity of platforms can only be released          based organizations through the implementation of the
through accumulating and sharing digital grassroots                  professional manager system and equity incentive plans for
capabilities. In recent years, we have continuously achieved         core employees. Nowadays, more and more young people with
breakthroughs in AI empowerment, data middle office, speed           individuality, initiatives and innovation have joined us and more
trading and the construction of credit research platforms.           and more employees born in 1980s and 1990s have grown as
In particular, we have deeply applied natural language               business cadres. Under the support of platforms and systems,
processing, knowledge graph, machine learning and other AI           it has become a common sense to keep open, inclusive,
technologies in research, investment banking and investment          respectful and diversified thoughts within the Company. We
trading and other business sectors and consistently improved         hope that employees can not only devote to their work but also
the operation efficiency under core financial scenarios.




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                     achieve the sustainable development of themselves under
The data middle office with the integration of data asset            such an organization and atmosphere.
management, data development, financial computing and
                                                                     We also encourage employees to contribute to social
analysis and modeling facilitated the business transformation
                                                                     and community development. We have been consistently
and innovation driven by data and algorithms. Under the
                                                                     supporting the sustainable development of society and nature
support of the fundamental capabilities of such platforms, the
“Xing Zhi” ( 行 知 ) APP developed with our focus for institutional
                                                                     for years. In particular, we focus on the ecological protection
                                                                     along the Yangtze River, rural education and other public
customer services achieved rapid iteration. Through various
                                                                     welfare projects and inject responsibility and undertaking in the
online businesses, we accumulated customer data from multi-
                                                                     core spirit of organizations. We have established and improved
dimensions and spatially explored customer demands based
                                                                     the ESG (environmental, social and governance) governance
on the data to promote the transformation of service models.
                                                                     structure and the implementation systems at the corporate
Secondly, the business logic in the digital times has evolved        level and have included the ESG into the scope of due
from competition to co-existence. We believe that only joint         diligence. We actively practice responsible investment, explore
building and sharing based on open platforms can break




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                     ecological and environmental access and other cutting-edge
restrictions on the closed-loop business development and only        issues in ESG investment to promote financial input in charity
the participation of various parties can maximize the value of       with professional capabilities.
platforms and network and improve the efficiency in resources
                                                                     Over the past 30 years, the strong sense of mission towards
allocation. We officially released the first open-ended securities




                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                     customers, shareholders and the society has been stimulating
lending and trading platform in the entire market in the middle
                                                                     us to rush out of the comfort zone and explore cutting-edge
of last year, which efficiently links suppliers of securities and
                                                                     areas. As China embarks on a new journey in modernization
demanders, provides all-round and one-stop services for
                                                                     construction and the capital market opens up to reform with
platform participants and established outstanding competitive
                                                                     more firmly steps, more and more new things and areas are
advantages in the strategic business of securities lending.
                                                                     emerging in the unprecedented vast field. The future is still full
Meanwhile, the integrated service platform for the PB business
                                                                     of unknowns, but on the other side of that unknowns are infinite
and the big trading platform for the FICC business are exploring
                                                                     possibilities. Focusing on serving customers as the origin and
new business models with all-win results through opening and
                                                                     continuously releasing the power of technology, we expect to
development.
                                                                     write more inspiring tales in the following decade.
Certainly, an open platform requires the integration of forces
of more outstanding fintech partners to extend the resources
and growth boundaries of each other. We are building an                                                                  CEO: Zhou Yi
technological ecosystem with a new industrial investment                                                                March 23, 2021




                                                                                                                                          009
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                            Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                                As at the end of the                   As at the end of the
                                                                    Reporting Period                       previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital             9,076,650,000.00                      9,076,650,000.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital         67,909,921,047.21                     64,580,658,850.91
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
                                                 Note: The net capital as at the end of the previous year has been restated according to the
          HTSC                                   Calculation Standard for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (Announcement
                                                 [2020] No. 10 of the CSRC)《( 證券公司風險控制指標計算標準規定》
                                                                                              （證監會公告 [2020]10 號）).



                                                 Qualifications of each of the business lines of the Company
          Legal representative of the Company
          Zhang Wei                              According to the business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market
                                                 Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company includes:
                                                 securities brokerage, proprietary trading of securities, securities underwriting
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   (limited to underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments
          of the Executive Committee of the      of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds (including policy financial
                                                 bonds) only), securities investment consulting, intermediary introduction
          Company
                                                 business for futures companies, margin financing and securities lending
          Zhou Yi                                business, agency sale of financial products, agency sale of securities
                                                 investment funds, custodian for securities investment funds, agency services
                                                 for gold and other precious metals spot contracts and proprietary business
          Authorized representatives of the
                                                 for spot gold contracts, stock options market making business, other business
          Company                                activities approved by the CSRC. (Projects that need to be approved by law
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui                     shall be carried out upon approval by relevant authorities)
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I: Main Business Qualifications” in this report for the
                                                 main business qualifications of the Company.




010
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. CONTACT
              Secretary of the Board

Name          Zhang Hui

Address       11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel. No.      025-83387793, 83387780, 83389157

Fax           025-83387784

Email         zhanghui@htsc.com                                                                                             About Us

During the Reporting Period, Ms. Qiao Fei resigned from the Company’s securities affairs representative
due to personal reasons. The Board of Directors of the Company will appoint relevant persons who meet
the qualifications to serve as the Company’s securities affairs representative in accordance with relevant
regulations.


               Joint company secretary                            Joint company secretary

Name           Zhang Hui                                          Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne                                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
               11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,   40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
Address
               Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC                 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




III. BASIC INFORMATION




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu
Registered address of the Company
                                                        Province, the PRC

Postal codes of registered address of the Company       210019

                                                        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu
Office address of the Company
                                                        Province, the PRC

Postal codes of office address of the Company           210019

                                                        Room 4201, 42/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road
Principal place of business in Hong Kong
                                                        Central, Hong Kong



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Company website                                         http://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                                   boardoffice@htsc.com



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                                           025-83389999

Customer service hotline                                95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                                             025-83387784

Business License Unified Social Credit Code             91320000704041011J

Brief of Index inclusion                                SSE 50, CSI 300, MSCI China Share Index, HSCASUSB

Index of changes during the Reporting Period            No changes during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                   011
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Name of newspapers selected by the Company for                 China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
          information disclosure                                         Securities Times, Securities Daily

          Website designated by the CSRC for publication of
                                                                         http://www.sse.com.cn
          annual report

          Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock
                                                                         http://www.hkexnews.hk
          Exchange for publication of annual report

          Website designated by the London Stock Exchange
                                                                         https://www.londonstockexchange.com
          for publication of annual report

          Location for inspection of annual report of the                No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Company (A Share)                                              Province, the PRC; Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                         No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Location for inspection of annual report of the
                                                                         Province, the PRC; Room 4201, 42/F, The Center, 99
          Company (H Share)
                                                                         Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong

          Index of changes during the Reporting Period                   No changes during the Reporting Period



          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts               Stock exchange for listing      Stock name                    Stock code

          A Share                           Shanghai Stock Exchange         華泰證券                          601688
          H Share                           Hong Kong Stock Exchange        HTSC                          6886
          GDR                               London Stock Exchange           Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          HTSC
          * Stock name before change: Nil




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical development of the Company, mainly including the reorganization and
          capital increases in the previous years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company（江蘇省證券公司）,which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April 9,
          1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of Jiangsu
          Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company. In June 1997,
          the Company changed its name to“江蘇證券有限責任公司”(Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In March 1999, the
          Company changed its name to“华泰证券有限责任公司”(Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company), and
          approved by the CSRC, the Company was converted into“ 华泰证券股份有限公司”(Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd.) in its entirety on November 29, 2007. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business
          registration for such changes. In July 2009, the Company acquired Xintai Securities Co., Ltd.（信 泰 證 券 有 限
          責任公司）. In February 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In June
          2015, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2019, the GDR
          issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.




012
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Major capital increases of the Company:

When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.                                  About Us
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.

In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to RMB7,162,768,800. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to SSF in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10%
of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for 76% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 24% of the total number of shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 21% of the total number of shares.

In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London
Stock Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in
total, representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered
capital was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows:
7,357,604,320 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares,
which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              013
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Organization Structure of the Company

                           Office of the                                                                                                               Supervisory                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Compliance and Risk Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        General Meeting
                      Supervisory Committee                                                                                                            Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Audit Committee


                                                                                                                                              Office of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Development Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                  of Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Nomination Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                                  Wealth Management   Financial Products                                                             Sales and Trading   Margin Financing and Securities   Securities Investment   Financial Innovation                                      Information Technology               Capital Operation                                                                    Risk Management                            Compliance and Legal                                                                Human Resources                    Planning and Finance                          Strategy and Development

                                                                                           Rescarch Institute                                                                                                                                                            Operating Center
                                Network Finance                                                                                     Debt Financing                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Digital Operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Party-mass Work             General Affairs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   General Office
                                                                                                                Asset Custody                                                                                                                             Fixed Income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Inspection
          Branches

                                                     Department                                                                                                               Lending Department               Department                                                                          Department                                                                                                                                                        Department                                                                                                              Department                                       Department
                                                                         Department                                                                     Department                                                                     Department                                                                                   Department                               Department                                   Department                                                                                                                    Department                                                                                                 Development
                                  Department                                                                     Department          Department                                                                                                           Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Wholly-owned                                                                                                                                                                            Holding                                                                                                       Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                         Subsidiaries                                                                                                    Subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai International Financial Holdings



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.     Huatai Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.                                              Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.                                                                                             E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Huatai-PineBridge Fund

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                China Southern Asset

          Securities Branches


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Management Co., Ltd.    Management Co, Ltd.




          (III) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company
          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 branch offices and 243 securities branches. For
          details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the Company, please
          refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

          Provinces,                                                                                                            Number of Provinces,                                                                                                                                                                                                               Number of Provinces,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Number of
          Municipalities and                                                                                                    Securities Municipalities and                                                                                                                                                                                                      Securities Municipalities and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Securities
          Regions                                                                                                               Branches Regions                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Branches Regions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Inner Mongolia
          Anhui Province                                                                                                        5                                                                      Beijing                                                                                                                                                     6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Autonomous Region
          Hebei Province                                                                                                        1                                                                      Fujian Province                                                                                                                                             4                                                                                                           Guangdong Province                                                                                                                                        23
          Guangxi Zhuang
                                                                                                                                2                                                                      Hainan Province                                                                                                                                             2                                                                                                           Shanxi Province                                                                                                                                           1
          Autonomous Region
          Henan Province                                                                                                        3                                                                      Heilongjiang Province                                                                                                                                       5                                                                                                           Jilin Province                                                                                                                                            3
          Hubei Province                                                                                                        29                                                                     Hunan Province                                                                                                                                              3                                                                                                           Jiangxi Province                                                                                                                                          2
          Jiangsu Province                                                                                                      95                                                                     Liaoning Province                                                                                                                                           7                                                                                                           Shandong Province                                                                                                                                         7
          Shanghai                                                                                                              15                                                                     Sichuan Province                                                                                                                                            7                                                                                                           Guizhou Province                                                                                                                                          1
          Chongqing                                                                                                             1                                                                      Tianjin                                                                                                                                                     4                                                                                                           Gansu Province                                                                                                                                            1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Xinjiang Uygur
          Shaanxi Province                                                                                                      2                                                                      Qinghai Province                                                                                                                                            1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Autonomous Region
          Ningxia Hui
                                                                                                                                1                                                                      Zhejiang Province                                                                                                                                           8                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                         -
          Autonomous Region




014
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
VII. OTHER INFORMATION
(I) Accounting Firms
                              Name                               KPMG Huazhen LLP

Accounting firm engaged by                                       8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang’an
                              Office address
the Company (domestic)                                           Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Cheng Hailiang, Qian Ruwen

                                                                 KPMG

                                                                                                                                          About Us
                              Name                               Registered PIE Auditor under the Hong Kong Financial
                                                                 Reporting Council Ordinance
Accounting firm engaged by
the Company (Hong Kong)                                          8th Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central,
                              Office address
                                                                 Hong Kong

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Lee Lok Man

                              Name                               KPMG Huazhen LLP
Accounting firm engaged
                                                                 8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang’an
by the Company (United        Office address


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                 Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
Kingdom)
                              Name of the signatory accountant   Cheng Hailiang



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(II) Legal Advisors

                             Name                                King & Wood Mallesons
Legal advisor engaged by the
Company (domestic)                                               18th Floor, East Tower, World Financial Center, No. 1, Middle
                             Office address
                                                                 East 3rd Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Legal advisor engaged by the Name                                Clifford Chance
Company (overseas)                                               27/F, Jardine House 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
                             Office address




(III) Share registrars
                                                                 China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                              Name
                                                                 Limited, Shanghai Branch
Share registrar for A Share
                                                                 No. 188 Yanggao South Road, Pudong New Area,
                              Office address
                                                                 Shanghai, the PRC



                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                              Name                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Share registrar for H Share                                      17M Floor, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s Road East,
                              Office address



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                                 015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Results




          I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

          (I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                    Increase/
          Item                                          2020             2019    decrease (%)                  2018

          Total revenue and other gains           40,534,436        32,436,781           24.96          24,506,734

          Profit before income tax                 13,504,376       11,585,965            16.56           6,448,671

          Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                   10,822,497        9,001,644           20.23           5,032,738
          shareholders of the Company

          Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                 (13,868,924)      (3,594,637)          285.82          28,457,782
          operating activities

          Total amount of other comprehensive
                                                    (539,317)          634,281        (185.03)           (549,839)
          income after tax this year


                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                   At the end      At the end       Increase/           At the end
          Item                                         of 2020         of 2019   decrease (%)               of 2018

          Total assets                             716,751,235     562,180,638           27.49        368,665,874

          Total liabilities                      584,439,200      436,525,930            33.88         263,916,270

          Total equity attributable to
                                                  129,071,500      122,537,479            5.33         103,393,577
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equities                           132,312,035     125,654,708            5.30         104,749,604

          Total share capital (shares)          9,076,650,000    9,076,650,000                -      8,251,500,000




016
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Key financial indicators
Key financial indicators                                           2020              2019       Increase/decrease (%)                         2018

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                 1.20             1.04                              15.38                 0.66

Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                1.19            1.03                               15.53                0.66

                                                                                                        Increase of 0.67
ROE (%)                                                              8.61            7.94                                                     5.32
                                                                                                       percentage point

                                                                                                        Increase of 3.80
                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Debt-to-assets ratio (%)                                           77.20            73.40                                                     66.12
                                                                                                      percentage points

Net assets attributable to the Company’s
                                                                   14.22            13.50                                5.33                 12.53
shareholders per share (RMB/share)

Note: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities-accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets-accounts payable to brokerage clients)




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
(III) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indexes
                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                         As of the end of the                          As of the end of the
Item                                                                        Reporting Period                                 previous year

Net capital                                                                    67,909,921,047.21                          64,580,658,850.91

Net assets                                                                      111,971,511,426.66                        110,256,065,952.24

Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                      236.68                                     350.95




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                   60.65                                        58.57

Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                   21.86                                       26.73

Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                    36.04                                       45.64

Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                                              49.91                                       56.82
derivatives/net capital (%)

Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                                             296.70                                      275.33
derivatives/net capital (%)




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Core net capital                                                               62,909,921,047.21                           63,180,658,850.91

Supplementary net capital                                                     5,000,000,000.00                              1,400,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Total risk capital provision                                                   28,693,100,276.16                            18,401,667,343.37

Total on-balance and off-balance assets                                      333,759,265,959.88                         269,063,029,278.95

Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                    21.08                                           26.81

Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                 230.31                                      357.58

Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                                 130.22                                      142.38


Note: The net capital and relevant percentage as at the end of the previous year have been restated according to the Calculation Standard
for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (Announcement [2020] No. 10 of the CSRC) (《證券公司風險控制指標計算標準規定》              （證監會公告
[2020]10 號）).




                                                                                                                                                      017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Key Performance Indicators
          Total Equity attributable to shareholders of the                       Profit for the period–attributable to shareholders
          Company               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB             of the Company         Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

          1,500                                                                   120
                                                                                                 106.97                                   108.22
                                                                      1,290.71
                                                           1,225.37               100
          1,200                                                                                                   92.77           90.02
                                                   1,033.94
                                                                                   80
                                         873.36
           900             807.85 843.57                                                                  62.71
                                                                                   60
                                                                                                                          50.33
                                                                                         44.86
           600
                  412.99                                                           40

           300
                                                                                   20


             0                                                                      0
                  2014     2015   2016    2017      2018      2019     2020              2014    2015     2016    2017    2018    2019    2020

          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                 Source: Regular reports of the Company




018
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
  WEALTH                             INSTITUTIONAL                          INVESTMENT                           INTERANTIONAL
  MANAGEMENT                         SERVICES                               MANAGEMENT                           BUSINESS
  BUSINESS                           BUSINESS                               BUSINESS
Equity and fund trading volume     Equity underwriting amount            Average monthly scale of private      AssetMark AoP
                                                                         asset under management
RMB                                RMB                                                                         USD
                                                                         RMB


34.19 trillion                     147.546 billion 484.858 billion 74.52 billion
  1               Market ranking
                                     3                  Market ranking
                                                                           4                  Market ranking
                                                                                                                                                                        About Us


The number of monthly active       Bond underwriting amount              Average monthly scale of private      The market share of AssetMark
users of ZhangLe Fortune Path                                            asset under active management
                                   RMB
                                                                         RMB


9.1153 million 566.963 billion 264.728 billion 11.0%
                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
  1                                  5                                     4                                      3
                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                  Market ranking                        Market ranking                        Market ranking                               Market ranking


Balance of margin financing        Number of merger, acquisition         The number of enterprise asset        Explanations: The data of equity and fund
                                                                                                               trading volume is quoted from the statistics
and securities lending business    and reorganization                    securitization issuance               of members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                   (approved and registered by CSRC)                                           and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange; the
RMB                                                                                                            number of monthly active users of ZhangLe
                                                                                                               Fortune Path and its ranking are quoted
                                                                                                               from the statistics of Analysys in December




124.123 billion 9                                                        84
                                                                                                               2020; the balance of margin financing
                                                                                                               and securities lending and the pending
                                                                                                               repurchase balance of stock pledged
                                                                                                               repurchase business are quoted from the
                                                                                                               regulatory statements of the Company; the




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                                                                                               equity underwriting amount and its ranking
                                                                                                               as well as the bond underwriting amount



                                     2                                     4
                                                                                                               and its ranking are quoted from Wind; the
                                                                                                               number and amount of merger, acquisition
                                                                                                               and reorganization and its ranking are
                                                                                                               quoted from the statistics of merger,
                                                                                                               acquisition and reorganization transactions
                                                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   approved and registered by the CSRC
                                                                                                               based on the information available to the
                                                                                                               public; the average monthly scale of private
Pending repurchase balance         Amount of merger, acquisition         Scale of enterprise asset             asset under management and its ranking as
of stock pledged repurchase        and reorganization                    securitization issuance               well as the average monthly scale of private
                                                                                                               asset under active management and its
business                           (approved and registered by CSRC)     RMB                                   ranking are quoted from the statistics from
                                                                                                               Asset Management Association of China
RMB                                RMB                                                                         as of the fourth quarter of 2020; the issuing
                                                                                                               number and total amount of enterprise




31.456 billion 50.419 billion                                            93.172 billion
                                                                                                               asset securitization and its ranking are
                                                                                                               quoted from Wind; AssetMark AoP are
                                                                                                               quoted from the internal statistics of the
                                                                                                               Company as of the end of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2020; the market share of AssetMark
                                                                                                               and its ranking are quoted from Cerulli
                                                                                                               Associates and the TAMP industrial analysis


                                                                            4
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                     2
                                                                                                               on relevant public information as of the end
                                                                                                               of the third quarter of 2020; for the terms
                                                                                                               without special illustration, the information
                                                                                                               is from the statistics by the end of the
                                                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   Reporting Period and the statistics for the
                                                                                                               Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                               019
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years
          The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
          1. Profitability
                                                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
          Item                                                      2020                  2019               2018                     2017                 2016

          Total revenue and other gains                     40,534,436            32,436,781         24,506,734           31,323,372                 24,631,628

          Total expenses                                      31,233,707         23,577,265            19,017,372        20,278,706                   16,492,187

          Share of profits of associates
                                                              4,203,647            2,726,449            959,309               539,978                  453,987
          and joint ventures

          Profit before income tax                           13,504,376           11,585,965           6,448,671          11,584,644                 8,593,428

          Profit of this year -attributable to
                                                             10,822,497            9,001,644           5,032,738           9,276,520                  6,270,612
          shareholders of the Company



          2. Assets
                                                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                         December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
          Item                                                 2020         2019         2018         2017         2016

          Total assets                                       716,751,235        562,180,638        368,665,874          381,482,540              401,450,397

          Total liabilities                               584,439,200          436,525,930          263,916,270        292,892,628               315,790,200

          Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                            136,387,634           89,817,920          59,492,176         67,335,545                  92,728,837
          clients

          Total equity attributable to
                                                            129,071,500         122,537,479         103,393,577          87,335,938                  84,357,457
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equity                                       132,312,035        125,654,708         104,749,604          88,589,912                  85,660,197

          Total share capital (shares)                  9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000               8,251,500,000       7,162,768,800            7,162,768,800



          3. Key Financial Indicators

          Item                                                                   2020               2019             2018                2017              2016
                                                                                                                             note 1
          Dividend per share (RMB)                                               0.40                0.30            0.60                       –          0.50

          Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                    1.20               1.04            0.66                    1.30          0.88

          Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                  1.19               1.03           0.66                    1.30          0.88

          ROE (%)                                                                 8.61               7.94             5.32               10.56             7.73

          Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 2                                        77.20              73.40             66.12               71.80            72.25

          Net assets attributable to shareholders of the
                                                                                 14.22              13.50            12.53                   12.19         11.78
          Company per share (RMB/share)

          Note 1: According to the resolution passed at the 2018 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented
          the 2018 interim profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax included) per 10 shares based on the total share capital
          of 8,251,500,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,475,450,000.00. Meanwhile, according to the resolution passed at the 2018 Annual
          General Meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented the 2018 annual profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of
          RMB3.00 (tax included) per 10 shares based on the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,722,995,000.00.
          Note 2: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities-accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets-accounts payable to brokerage clients)




020
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
There is no difference between the net profit for 2020 and 2019 and the net assets as of December 31, 2020
and 2019 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in
the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.



III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                         Effect on the profit
                                 Balance at the    Balance at the      Change in the          of the current
Name of items                   end of last year   end of the year     current period     period in amount

Financial assets at fair
                                    252,795,672         291,807,112         39,011,440             29,410,896
value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair
value through other                   12,357,975        15,946,372          3,588,397                 199,683


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
comprehensive income




                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Financial liabilities at fair
                                       7,380,183         15,381,530          8,001,347               (1,377,131)
value through profit or loss

Derivative financial
                                        579,642         (6,103,473)        (6,683,115)           (17,868,464)
instruments

Total                                273,113,472        317,031,541        43,918,069              10,364,984




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   021
MAJOR EVENTS OF THE COMPANY
Huatai Securities was established in 1991. With its steady development
for 30 years, it has become a leading large-scale integrated securities
group with A shares, H shares and GDRs listed.
                                                  2006




  1991                                         The Company became
                                               the holding company of
                                                                                           2010
                                               Huatai United Securities.                                                            2016



Huatai Securities                                                                        The A shares of the
(referred to as Jiangsu                        Huatai Financial                          Company were listed                      The Company acquired
Securities Company)                            Holdings (Hong Kong)                      on the Shanghai Stock                    ASSETMARK in the United
was established.                               Limited was established.                  Exchange.                                States.




                     1993                                            2008                                   2015



                  The first stock of Jiangsu                      The CRM (Customer                      The H shares of the
                  Province "Taiji Industry"                       Relationship                           Company were listed on
                  was issued publicly.                            Management) system                     The Stock Exchange of
                                                                  was launched and put                   Hong Kong Limited.
                                                                  into operation.
                               2018
                                                                                                 2020
                                                                 2019

                             The Company's overall
                             pilot plan to deepen the
                             mixed-ownership                                                   The number of registered
                             reform was approved.              "ZhangLe Fortune Path"          users and downloads of
                                                               of Huatai Securities was        “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
                                                               upgraded to the new             exceeded approximately
                                                               version 7.0.                    58 million;




                             The Company
                             completed the
                             non-public issuance of            The Company launched
                                                                                               The Company launched
                             A Shares smoothly and             the “Xing Zhi” (行知) APP         its global wealth
                             raised funds exceeding            as a service platform for       management platform
                             RMB14.0 billion.                  institutional customers;        “Zhangle Global 2.0”.




  2017                               2018                              2019                           2020



                                                                                                    The Company released
MATIC, an integrated               Standard & Poor’s and             The Company’s GDRs             “Securities Lending Path”
financial service                  Moody’s awarded BBB               were listed for trading        as the first open-ended
platform for professional                                            on the Main Market of          online securities lending
                                   and Baa2 long-term
                                                                     London Stock Exchange.         and trading platform in
investors, was launched.           issuer rating to the                                             the entire market.
                                   Company respectively,
                                   and the rating outlook is
                                   stable.



                                                                                                    “ZhangLe Star Investment”
The first publicly offered                                           AssetMark was listed           (涨乐星投), the fund
                                                                     and commenced                  investment advisory
fund of Huatai Asset
                                                                     trading on the New             service of the Company,
Management was                                                                                      was officially introduced
                                                                     York Stock Exchange.
launched.




                                                                     Huatai Securities (USA)        The Company was
                                                                     obtained the                   approved to formally
                                                                     qualification to               implement the pilot
                                                                     conduct broker-dealer          project of consolidated
                                                                     business in the US.            supervision.

                                                                                                                                024
2   OPERATING ANALYSIS
    AND STRATEGIES
                                                               S
                                                           E
                                                       I
                                                   T
                                              I
                                          R
                                      U
                                C
                            E
                        S

                    I
                A
            T
        A
    U
H



                                    Summary of the Company’s Business    028

                                    Management Discussion and Analysis
                                    and Report of the Board              042

                                    Major Events                         104
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Company's Business




          Strategic vision
          Striving to Become a First-Class Integrated Financial Group
          with Both Domestic Advantages and Global Influence

          The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in China, with a highly collaborative business
          model, a cutting-edge digital platform and an extensive and engaging customer base. Our principal
          businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business, investment
          management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-based organizational
          mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for individual and institutional clients
          through an organic online-offline synergy, and aims to become a leading investment bank with strong
          domestic advantages and global influence.




          Wealth management                                                     an d O verse
                                                                                                                                    Institutional services
                                                                           ti c              as
                                                                        e s i n ka g e
                                                                           L
                                                                 om
          Maintaining leadership in services                D                                                               Providing customers with first-class
          and platforms                                                                                                     comprehensive integrated financial
                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                h ole                             O n lin e and O
                                                             fW                                       I nte g ra f f
                                                         n o in
          International business                    ti o C h a                                                  ti o li n     Investment management
                                                       s                                                            n
                                                               Coll                               e
                                                               Busabo
          Helping customers grasp the                               i n ra
                                                                       es
                                                                                                                                 Developing outstanding asset
          opportunities of international                                                                                                  management brand
          asset allocation



                                                     Fintech Empowerment




028
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES, OPERATION MODELS
AND INDUSTRY CONDITIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

           We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and
           options brokerage, financial products sales, and capital-based intermediary business through mobile
           APP, professional PC platform, subsidiaries and securities futures branch offices, Huatai International and
           its affiliated overseas subsidiaries, in the mode of online and offline, domestic and overseas linkage. For
Wealth     securities, futures and options brokerage, we mainly execute trades on behalf of our clients in stocks, funds,
management bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services. For financial products sales business, we mainly
business   provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services, and

                                                                                                                                                About Us
           the related financial products are managed by the Group and other financial institutions. In respect of
           capital-based intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin financing
           and securities lending as well as stock pledged lending. Key performance drivers to wealth management
           business include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.

                   With institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate investment banking, institutional investor services and
                   investment trading resources to provide various types of corporate and institutional clients with all-round
                   comprehensive financial services, which mainly include investment banking business, prime brokerage
                   business, research and institutional sales business and investment and trading business.
                   (1) Investment banking business primarily consists of equity underwriting, debt underwriting, financial


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                   advisory, OTC business, etc. For equity underwriting business, we provide IPO and equity refinancing
                   services for our clients. For debt underwriting business, we provide various types of bond financing services
                   for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide clients with mergers-oriented financial advisory


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                   services based on industrial layout with a strategic point of view. For OTC business, we provide clients with
                   NEEQ listing and follow-on financing services, and relevant OTC businesses engaged in by Jiangsu Equity
                   Exchange. Key performance drivers to investment banking include underwriting and sponsorship fees,
                   advisory fees, etc.
                   (2) Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for private
                   and public funds, including settlement, liquidation, reporting and valuation. In addition, it also provides
                   margin trading, sales of financial products and other value-added services for clients of prime brokerage.
Institutional      Key performance drivers to prime brokerage business include fees for fund custody and service business.
services           (3) Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
business           business. For research business, we provide various professional research services for clients. For institutional
                   sales business, we promote and sell securities products and services to clients. Key performance drivers to
                   research and institutional sales business include incomes from services concerning various research and
                   financial products.
                   (4) Investment and trading business mainly includes equity trading, FICC trading and OTC derivative
                   transaction. The Group conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions with its
                   own funds, and reduces investment risks and increases returns through various trading strategies and
                   techniques. At the same time, in order to meet customers’ needs for investment and financing as well as
                   risk management, we also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives business. In terms of
                   equity trading, we invest and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services for
                   financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds of FICC and derivatives in the inter-
                   bank and exchange bond markets, and engage in the inter-bank bond market and bond connect market
                   making services. In terms of OTC derivative transactions, we develop and trade OTC financial products



                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                   for customers, mainly including equity return swaps, OTC options and structured notes. Key performance
                   drivers to investment and trading business include various investment incomes from equity, FICC products
                   and derivatives, etc.




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       029
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                     We accept fund entrustment from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our clients
                     and manage their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as our
                     substantial client base, effectively satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment
                     management business mainly consists of asset management for securities firms, private equity fund
                     management and asset management for fund companies. For asset management business for securities
                     firms, we participate in the operation of asset management business for securities companies through our
                     wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Asset Management; such business includes collective asset management
          Investment
                     business, single asset management business, specialized asset management business and public offering
          management fund management, which is operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund management
          business   business for fund companies under the Group. For private equity fund management business, we operate
                     private equity funds business, which includes investment and management of private equity funds, through
                     our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Purple Gold Investment. For asset management business for fund
                     companies, the Group holds non-controlling interests in two public offering fund management companies,
                     namely China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge, through which we participate in
                     the operation of asset management business for fund companies. Key performance drivers to asset
                     management business include management fee, performance fee, investment income, etc.

                            We enforce full-scope cross-border linkage and collaboration to better meet the diversified financial
                            demands of domestic clients to “go global” and of overseas clients to “come into China”, establishing a
                            cross-border integrated financial service platform. The Group operates international business covering
                            various countries and regions including Hong Kong and the United States through its wholly-owned
                            subsidiary Huatai International, and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Huatai International including Huatai
                            Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), AssetMark and Huatai Securities (USA).
                            The Hong Kong business of the Group is mainly operated by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), a
                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, which mainly includes investment banking, private wealth
                            management and retail services, FICC, equity derivatives, cross-border and structured financing, research
                            and stock sales and asset management. For investment banking business, we provide both Chinese and
                            international customers with equity and debt underwriting and sponsoring services, as well as financial
                            advisory services. In September 2019, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) obtained the membership of
                            the London Stock Exchange, and completed the registration as a UK Cross-border Conversion Agency for
                            Shanghai-London Stock Connect GDRs on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, thus capable of providing clients
                            with the whole-process services of the issuance and trade of GDRs. In December 2020, Huatai Financial
                            Holdings (Hong Kong) has obtained the qualification as market maker of London Stock Exchange. For
                            private wealth management and retail services, we provide clients with brokerage, margin and wealth
                            management services covering different asset classes around the world. For FICC business, we carry out
                            various investments and transactions of FICC and derivatives with our own funds in an appropriate amount,
          International     and provide FICC solutions covering sales, trading and market making services for all kinds of institutional
          business          clients. For equity derivatives business, we carry out cross-border stock derivatives trading, design and
                            sales business, and provide various equity capital intermediary services for clients. For cross-border and
                            structured financing business, we provide customized solutions to meet clients’ needs for leveraged buyout,
                            strategic M&A, pre-listing financing, business expansion and others. For research and stock sales business,
                            we provide integrated research and sales services (both in and out of China) covering all industries for
                            global institutional customers. For asset management business, we provide investment portfolio and fund
                            management services for international investors.
                            The Group completed the acquisition of AssetMark in 2016. AssetMark is a leading turn-key asset
                            management platform in the United States and a third-party financial service institution that provides a
                            series of services and an advanced and convenient technology platform for investment advisors in respect
                            of investment strategies and asset portfolios management, customer relations management and asset
                            custody. In July 2019, AssetMark completed its listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.
                            In September 2018, Huatai Securities (USA) was registered in Delaware, USA as a foreign wholly-owned
                            subsidiary of Huatai international, aiming to promote the development of international business. In June
                            2019, upon approval from the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained
                            the US broker-dealer license for carrying out broker-dealer businesses such as securities underwriting,
                            securities brokerage for institutional investors and M&A financial advisory in the United States.
                            Key performance drivers to international business include brokerage commission, underwriting sponsorship
                            fee, advisory fee, interest income and asset management fee.




030
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. AWARDS AND HONORS
(I) Key awards and honors of the Group

The election of “2020 Golden Bull Award in Chinese Securities Industry” (“2020 中國證券業金牛獎 ”) by China
Securities Journal:
    The Company was awarded “Golden Bull Award for Top Ten Securities Companies” (“ 十 大 金 牛 證 券
公 司 ”), “Golden Bull Award for Social Responsibility of Securities Companies” (“ 證 券 公 司 社 會 責 任 金 牛 獎 ”),
“Golden Bull Award for Cultural Construction of Securities Companies” (“ 證券公司文化建設金牛獎 ”), “Golden
Bull Award for Financial Technology of Securities Companies” (“ 證券公司金融科技金牛獎 ”) and “Golden Bull
                                                                                                                         About Us
Award for Wealth Management Team” (“ 金牛財富管理團隊 ”)

The selection of “2020 China Golden Tripod Award” (“2020 中國金鼎獎 ”) organized by National Business Daily:
   The Company was awarded “Prize for Innovation in Financial Technology in 2020” (“2020 年 度 金 融 科 技
創新獎 ”) and the “Special Prize for Contribution to Epidemic Prevention in 2020” (“2020 年度抗疫貢獻特別獎 ”)
and other prizes

The “Forum on Selection of ESG Cases of Chinese Enterprises in 2020” (“2020 年度中國企業 ESG 案例評選論壇 ”)
organized by Cailian Press（財聯社）:


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
    The Company was awarded “Prize for ESG Corporate Governance Case of Chinese Enterprises in 2020”
(“2020 年中國企業 ESG 公司治理案例獎 ”)



(II) Key awards and honors of the business segments of the Company                                                     and Strategies


Wealth management business

Shanghai Stock Exchange:
   The Company was awarded the “2019 Ten Best
Options Brokers” (“2019 年度十佳期權經紀商 ”)




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
The selection of “2020 Junding Award for               The data from Analysys:
Investment Banks & Brokerage in China” (“2020 中
                                                           “ZhangLe Fortune Path” (“ 漲樂財富通 ”) ranked top
國 區 投 資 銀 行 & 經 紀 業 務 商 君 鼎 獎 ”) organized by
                                                       in the industry in terms of NMAU by the end of 2020
Quanshang China ( 券商中國 ) of Securities Times:
                                                       The selection of the “Fifth Session of Securities Firm
    The Company was awarded the “2020 Junding
                                                       APP List for Sina Finance in 2019” (“2019 年 • 第五屆新浪
Award for All-round Securities Brokers in China”
                                                       財經券商 APP 風雲榜 ”) hosted by Sina Finance:
(“2020 中國區全能證券經紀商君鼎獎 ”), “2020 Junding
Award for Retail Securities Brokers in China” (“2020       “ZhangLe Fortune Path” (“ 漲 樂 財 富 通 ”) was
中 國 區 零 售 證 券 經 紀 商 君 鼎 獎 ”), and “2020 Junding        awarded the “APP Award For Five-year Outstanding
Award for Investor Education Team in China” (“2020     Development”(“ 五年傑出發展 APP”), “Top 10 APP Award



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
中國區投資者教育團隊君鼎獎 ”)                                       of the Year” (“ 年 度 十 佳 APP”) and “Best User Service
                                                       APP Award”(“ 最佳用戶服務 APP”)
“Asian Private Banker China Wealth Awards” (“ 亞洲
私人銀行家中國財富獎 ”) organized by Asian Private               The selection of “2020 Junding Award for Securities



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Banker:                                                APP in China” (“2020 中 國 證 券 業 APP 君 鼎 獎 ”)
                                                       organized by Quanshang China ( 券 商 中 國 ) of
   The Company was awarded “Best Securities
                                                       Securities Times:
Broker in China” (“ 中國最佳證券經紀商 ”)
                                                          “ZhangLe Global” (“ 漲樂全球通 ”) was awarded the
“2020 Chinese Financial Institutions Gold Medal List
                                                       “2020 Junding Award for Hong Kong-and U.S.-listed
• the Golden Dragon Prize” (“2020 中國金融機構金牌
                                                       Securities Companies APP in the Chinese Securities
榜 • 金龍獎 ”) organized by Financial News:
                                                       Industry” (“2020 中國證券業港美股券商 APP 君鼎獎 ”)
   The Company was awarded the “Best Securities
Company in Margin Financing and Securities
Lending Innovation of the Year” (“ 年度最佳融資融券
創新證券公司 ”)




                                                                                                                031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Institutional services business

          Shanghai Stock Exchange:                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

             Huatai United Securities was awarded the “2019        Huatai United Securities was awarded the
          Excellent Trust Manager”(“2019 年度優秀受託管理人 ”)          “Outstanding Innovative Agency for Fixed-Income
          and “2019 Outstanding Underwriter of Corporate       Business” (“ 優秀固定收益業務創新機構 ”)
          Bonds” (“2019 年度公司債券優秀承銷商 ”)
                                                               The selection of “The 13th New Fortune Best
          The selection of “2020 Junding Award for             Investment Bank” (“ 第十三屆新財富最佳投行 ”) held by
          Investment Banks & Brokerage in China” (“2020 中      New Fortune:
          國 區 投 資 銀 行 & 經 紀 業 務 商 君 鼎 獎 ”) organized by
                                                                   Huatai United Securities was awarded the “Best
          Quanshang China ( 券商中國 ) of Securities Times:
                                                               Domestic Investment Bank”(“ 本 土 最 佳 投 行 ”), “Best
              Huatai United Securities was awarded the         Investment Bank in Equity Underwriting” (“ 最佳股權承
          “2020 Junding Award for Allround Investment          銷投行 ”), “Best Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting”
          Bank in China”(“2020 中國區全能投行君鼎獎 ”) ,“2020            (“ 最 佳 債 權 承 銷 投 行 ”), “Best Investment Bank in
          Junding Award for STAR Market Investment Bank        Mergers and Acquisitions” (“ 最 佳 併 購 投 行 ”), “Best
          in China”(“2020 中 國 區 科 創 板 投 行 君 鼎 獎 ”) ,“2020      Refinancing Investment Bank” (“ 最 佳 再 融 資 投 行 ”) ,
          Junding Award for SME Board Investment Bank in       “Best IPO Investment Bank” (“ 最 佳 IPO 投 行 ”), “Best
          China” (“2020 中國區中小板投行君鼎獎 ”) and “2020               Investment Bank in Serving Overseas Markets” (“ 海外
          Junding Award for Main Board Investment Bank in      市場能力最佳投行 ”), “Most Innovative Investment Bank”
          China” (“2020 中國區主板投行君鼎獎 ”), etc.                    (“ 最 具 創 新 能 力 投 行 ”), “Best STAR Market Investment
                                                               Bank” (“ 最佳科創板投行 ”), etc.
          The selection of “2020 China Golden Tripod Award”
          (“2020 中國金鼎獎 ”)organized by National Business        The selection of “Institutional Investor • Caixin All-
          Daily:                                               China Research Team Awards” in 2020:

             Huatai United Securities was awarded the “Best        The Company won “Best Analyst Team (Mainland)
          Sponsor Serving New Economies in 2020” (“2020 年      No. 1” (“ 最佳分析師團隊（大陸）第一名 ”), “Best Analyst
          度服務新經濟最佳保薦機構 ”)                                      Team (Overseas) No. 7” (“ 最佳分析師團隊（海外）第七
                                                               名 ”), “Best Sales Teams (Mainland) No. 2” (“ 最佳銷售團
          The selection of “Best Corporate Finance and
                                                               隊（大陸）第二名 ”), “Best Sales Teams (Overseas) No. 7”
          Investment Banking Awards of China in 2020” (“2020
                                                               (“ 最佳銷售團隊（海外）第七名 ”) and other prizes
          中 國 最 佳 公 司 金 融 及 投 資 銀 行 大 獎 ”)organized by
          Asiamoney:                                           “The China Awards” (“ 中 國 大 獎 ”)selection organized
                                                               by Structured Retail Products (《結構化零售產品》):
             Huatai United Securities was awarded the
          “Securities Company with Best Domestic M&A               The Company was awarded the “Best Product of
          Advisory” (“ 最佳境內併購顧問券商 ”)                           the Year” (“ 年度最佳產品 ”)




032
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Investment management business

Securities Times:

    Huatai Asset Management was awarded
“2020 Junding Award for Securities Companies
                                                       China Securities Journal:
on Asset Management in China” (“2020 中 國 資 產
管 理 券 商 君 鼎 獎 ”), “2020 Junding Award for Fixed-          China Southern Asset Management was awarded
Income Investment Team in China” (“2020 中 國 固          “Golden Bull Fund Company for Passive Investment of
收類投資團隊君鼎獎 ”) and “2020 Junding Award for               2019” (“2019 年被動投資金牛基金公司 ”)
Top 10 Innovative Asset Management/Fund/OTC

                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                            Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management was
Products”(“2020 十大創新資管 / 基金 /OTC 產品君鼎獎 ”)
                                                       awarded “Golden Bull Fund Company for Passive
The selection of “2020 China Golden Tripod Award”      Investment” (“ 被 動 投 資 金 牛 基 金 公 司 ”) and “Golden
(“2020 中國金鼎獎 ”)organized by National Business          Bull Fund Company for Quantitative Investment”(“ 量
Daily:                                                 化投資金牛基金公司 ”)

  Huatai Asset Management was awarded “2020            Shanghai Securities News:
Most Trustworthy Securities Companies on Asset
                                                           China Southern Asset Management was awarded
Management by Investors” (“2020 年 度 最 受 投 資
                                                       “2019 Golden Fund • Fund Management Company for
者 信 賴 券 商 資 管 ”)and “Best Fixed-Income Asset

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                       Passive Investment Award” (“2019 年度金基金 • 被動投
Management Team in 2020” (“2020 年度最佳固收資
                                                       資基金管理公司獎 ”)
管團隊 ”)

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                          Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management was
The selection of “2020 Yinghua Prize for Securities
                                                       awarded “Golden Fund • Fund Management
Companies on Asset Management” (“2020 中國券商
                                                       Company for Passive Investment” (“ 金基金 • 被動投資
資管英華獎 ”) organized by China Fund News:
                                                       基金管理公司 ”)
     Huatai Asset Management was awarded the
                                                       China Fund News:
“Prize for Best ABS Securities Companies on Asset
Management” (“ 最佳 ABS 類券商資管獎 ”), the “Prize               Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management was




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
for Best Innovative Product of Securities Companies    awarded “Yinghua Prize for Best Active Quantitative
on Asset Management” (“ 最 佳 券 商 資 管 創 新 產 品            Fund Company in 2019” (“ 英華獎之 2019 年度最佳主動
獎 ”) and the “Prize for Best Fixed-Income Securities   量化基金公司 ”)
Companies on Asset Management” (“ 最佳固收類券
                                                       Asia Asset Management:
商資管獎 ”)
                                                           China Southern Asset Management was awarded
The selection of “ChinaVenture Awards for 2019” (“ 投
                                                       “China Asset Management Financial Technology
中 2019 年度榜 ”) held by ChinaVenture Investment:
                                                       Innovation Award” (“ 中 國 資 產 管 理 金 融 科 技 創 新 獎 ”)
    Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded          and “Prize for Domestic RMB Bonds in China (3-Year)”
“The Best Chinese Private Equity Investment            (“ 中國境內人民幣債券獎 (3 年期）”)
Institutions Top10” (“ 中國最佳中資私募股權投資機構
                                                       www. simuwang.com:



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
TOP10”), “The Best Chinese Subsidiaries of Brokers
for Private Funds TOP 10” (“ 中國最佳券商私募基金子                   Huatai Futures was awarded the “2019 Most
公司 TOP10”), “The Best Institutions for Investment in   Trustworthy Financial Institution Asset Management
Medical Services TOP 10” (“ 最佳醫療服務領域投資機構               Award” (“2019 年度最值得信賴金融機構資管獎 ”)


                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
TOP10”) and “The Best Institutions for Investment in
Medical Devices TOP 10” (“ 最佳醫療器械領域投資機構
TOP10”), etc.




                                                                                                              033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          International business

          The selection of “Annual Awards” (“ 年 度 獎 項 ”)
          organized by PDI (Private Debt Investor), an
          internationally renowned private debt industry
          magazine:                                                         The paid-in capital of Huatai Financial Holdings
                                                                         (Hong Kong) amounted to HK$8.8 billion, and its
              Huatai International was awarded “The Best                 capital scale ranked among the top in Hong Kong
          Private Debt Institutional Investor in Asia-Pacific
          Region of 2019” (“2019 年度亞太地區最佳私募債投資機構 ”)                      “The Selection of Third Session of FinTech Awards”
                                                                         held by ETnet, the professional financial information
          The selection of “AAA National Award” organized by             platform:
          The Asset:
                                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was
              Huatai International was awarded the “Best                 awarded the “Outstanding Wealth Management
          Corporate and Institutional Advisor (securities firm)          Network Cloudbased Application Solution” (“ 傑 出 財
          in Hong Kong” (“ 香港地區最佳企業及機構顧問（券商                              富 管 理 網 絡 雲 端 應 用 方 案 ”) and “Outstanding Wealth
          類）”) and “Best Private Debt Adviser in Hong Kong”              Management Network Security Solution” (“ 傑出財富管
          (“ 香港地區最佳私募債顧問 ”), etc.                                        理網絡安全方案 ”)
          The Selection of “2020 Financial Institution Awards”           Cerulli Associates and other public information:
          (“2020 金 融 機 構 大 獎 ”) organized by Bloomberg
          Businessweek/Chinese Edition:                                     As of the end of the third quarter of 2020,
                                                                         AssetMark occupied a market share of 11.0% in the
             Huatai International was awarded the                        TAMP industry in the United States, ranking the third
          “Corporate Financing Excellence Award ”(“ 企
          業融資卓越大獎 ”)and “Risk Management Excellence
          Award” (“ 風險管理傑出大獎 ”)




          III. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) A technology-driven pioneer in China’s securities industry transformation
          The Group has been maintaining a high level of resources investment in information technology for many years and is
          committed to thoroughly transforming its business and management model with digital thinking and platforms. It strove
          to build a leading self-developed system for information technology research and development, equip the front, middle
          and back offices with technological devices through all-round technology empowerment, and create business model
          innovation driven by digitalization and advantages of the whole business chain with platform-based support. Meanwhile,
          with equity investment serving as a link, the Group focused on outstanding technological innovation companies to
          accelerate the construction of the fintech ecosystem and actively establish presence in cutting-edge sectors, such as
          big data, artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing, Robotic Process Automation security and 5G. In the field of
          wealth management, the Group constantly developed and strengthened the mobile finance strategy, built personalized
          wealth management platforms with the aim of mobilization, digitalization and intellectualization to meet the wealth
          management demands of Chinese people all over the world; and built a strong middle platform system to empower first-
          line employees to effectively increase customer size and activity. In the field of institutional services, research, investment
          banking and other services on “Xing Zhi”（行知）, our self-developed digital platform serving institutional customers,
          have received awareness and attention from an increasing number of institutional customers, facilitating the efficient
          interaction between institutional customers and business resources. Securities Lending Path（融券通）, credit analysis
          management system (CAMS system) and INCOS cloud platform combined all links of institutional services, continuously
          improving service efficiency and extending customer ecology. Meanwhile, leveraging on various advanced trading
          platforms developed by the Company, it continued to advance the platform-based and integrated operation of the
          trading business and build core trading capabilities. During the Reporting Period, “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform
          was upgraded to promote innovation in business models and customer services, providing investors with a better global
          investment experience; Securities Lending Path（融券通）, the first open-ended online securities lending trading platform
          on the market, was released to create convenient and efficient online securities leading platform for market participants.
          The technical competency and talent team the Group developed through independent research and development over
          the years have laid a solid foundation for the building of platform-based and systematic competitive advantages.




034
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) The open digital wealth management platform provides efficient and
professional services to mass customers
The Group has built one of the most active wealth management platforms among China’s securities industry with more
than 17 million customers. Drawing on advanced wealth management service system and experiences at home and
abroad, the Group accelerated the development of wealth management business from product, service, procedure,
technology platform and other aspects. The Group’s wealth management business has formed a platform-based
development model driven by its headquarters. The Group launched “ZhangLe Fortune Path”（漲樂財富通）, a mobile
service platform, for our clients, and “AORTA”, a cloud platform, for investment advisor. The two platforms strengthened their
functions, deepened their coordination, and efficiently and accurately empowered first-line investment advisors through


                                                                                                                                          About Us
iterations and upgrades. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
（漲樂財富通）exceeded 58 million. According to the statistics of Analysys, the NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”（漲樂財富通）
exceeded 9.11 million as at the end of December 2020, ranking the first among all APPs of securities companies. During the
Reporting Period, the Group became one of the first batch of securities companies which obtained the pilot qualification
for fund investment advisory business and officially introduced “ZhangLe Star Investment”（漲樂星投）, the fund investment
advisory service based on the “people + platform” investment advisory service system. The Group actively proceeded the
development of investment advisor team and capacity for wealth management services. According to statistics from the
Securities Association of China, investment advisors of the Parent Company accounted for over 32% of its total staff as of
the end of the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(III) First-class investment banking business with systematic services for clients
and high-quality development

                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Facing new patterns of the economic and social development, the Group fully seized the opportunities in economic
transformation and upgrading and the capital market reform led by the registration-based IPO system and continued to
speed up in industrial layout and optimize the team structure. It deeply implemented the “customer-oriented” business
concept and actively developed the “ecosystem” with investment banking customers as the center. Leveraging on the
big platform covering the whole business chain, the Group continuously enhanced the linkage and cooperation between
the investment banking business and various business lines of the Group to build an ecosystem for institutional customer
services with the integration of “buyers+sellers+research institutes”. The Group constantly provided new and old customers
with domestic and overseas integrated professional investment banking services and successfully developed and




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
introduced quality customers in key industries while going deep into the industry. For the M&A and restructuring business,
the Group focused on advancing benchmark large-scale and innovative projects and actively explored continuous
services for customers, maintaining its leading position in the industry. The Group maintained its leading advantage in the
STAR Market. As of the end of the Reporting Period, it has accepted a total of 44 enterprises in the STAR Market, ranking the
second in the market. Since 2012, the Group’s total number of mergers and acquisitions and reorganization transactions
approved by and registered with the CSRC reached 141, ranking the first in the market. During the Reporting Period, the
Group’s lead-underwriting amount of full variety bonds was RMB566.963 billion, ranking the fifth in the industry and
representing an increase of 68.92% compared with that of the previous year. The full implementation of the registration-
based IPO system and the increase in the proportion of direct financing will be the theme of the capital market in 2021. The
increasingly active mergers and acquisitions and financing activities will bring valuable opportunities to the Group.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 035
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Comprehensive asset management platform with both scale and innovation
          advantages
          Relying on the large customer base and advantage in the whole business chain resources, the Group has established
          one of the leading asset management platforms in the industry by giving full play to its abilities in exploring investment
          bank assets, risk pricing and product design. The total amount of assets under asset management business ranked
          in the forefront of the industry with continuous improvement in the capability and scale of active management. Our
          management products cover major asset categories forming a product system with a considerable scale and wide
          coverage, which helped the Group build significant operational advantages and market influence. The Group focuses on
          the characteristics of brokers, systematically created “basic products + specialized products”, strengthened the two-way
          driving of the Group and established the output model of asset-end products to broaden the size of products and meet
          different needs of the Group, retail customers and high-net-worth customers in the market for product forms and risk
          return. Meanwhile, through customized services featuring multiple assets and multiple strategies, the Group has provided
          a basket of customized comprehensive financial services for institutional customers, which met customers’ needs for
          product forms, liquidity and returns through competitive fixed-income products as well as featured products such as FoF
          and MoM. The Group is a leader of ABS product designs in the industry, and has set a benchmark for the industry through
          constant innovation in underlying assets, transaction structure and other aspects. It has issued multiple notes in areas
          such as epidemic control and prevention, and green finance to support real economy projects, with the business scale
          continuously ranking the forefront of the industry.

          (V) Acceleration in global layout and cross-border linkage to create new opportunities
          for development
          The Group always adheres to the strategy of constantly expanding its international business layout along with the
          international development of customers, and offers global resources to its customers through continuous deepening
          of integrated cross-border linkage, serving the overseas expansion of Chinese customers and the domestic investment
          of international investors in better ways. During the Reporting Period, the international rating agency Standard & Poor’s
          maintained a positive rating outlook for the Company and its subsidiary Huatai International, and assigned a “BBB” long-
          term issuer credit rating and an “A-2” short-term issuer credit rating. During the Reporting Period, leveraging on the
          Group’s domestic resources, Huatai International took full advantage of the cross-border business platform established
          and rapidly expanded its cross-border business through effective domestic and overseas linkage. Meanwhile, it promoted
          the healthy development of various businesses and established a cross-border service ecosystem held by Chinese
          securities companies. At the same time, the completed the consolidation of the current Hong Kong business lines and
          developed a “4+1” business platform system with the equity business platform, the fixed-income business platform, the
          individual financial business platform, the fund business platform and the flagship investment banking business. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, the asset size of Huatai International exceeded HK$100 billion. The comprehensive
          strength continues being promoted and ranked at the forefront of Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong. The Group
          relied on the advantages of domestic and overseas linkage of investment banks and its own successful GDR issuance
          experience, served as a joint global coordinator and joint bookrunner to help CPIC and Yangtze Power successfully
          implement GDR issuance and successfully listed on the London Stock Exchange, maintaining its absolute advantages
          in the GDR industry. Meanwhile, Huatai International obtained the qualification as a market maker on GDR during the
          year, the only financial institute obtained the qualification in Asia, which laid solid foundation for business development
          in U.K. and further consolidated and enhanced the ability of the Company to conduct international development and
          participate in mainstream international capital markets. During the Reporting Period, Huatai International participated in
          and completed 23 IPO projects and ranked the fourth among Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong in terms of the
          amount sponsored. In addition, AssetMark has always maintained operational independence, kept a steady growth in the
          size of its managed assets with its leading business model and advanced technology platform, and consolidated industry
          leadership, constantly increasing the Group’s international business revenue.




036
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(VI) Comprehensive risk management featuring professional and platform
advantages
The Group has established a comprehensive risk management system with “high engagement, full coverage and deep
penetration” as the core idea, and with “collectivization, specialization and platformization” as the main approach. The
Group has a sound risk management culture and clear risk management objectives, and “stability” is always an important
part of the core values of the Group. The Group has accumulatively established an effective risk management framework,
procedures and measures that adapt to the international development of the Company’s businesses, and continued
to promote the systematic coverage and penetration as well as specialized, concentrated and unified management of
the risks of each subsidiary. The Group focused on developing the abilities of professional forward-looking risk evaluation
and dynamic monitoring and early warning, went deep into the business to identify risks in advance, monitored and

                                                                                                                                       About Us
alerted risks in a timely manner, and responded to and dealt with risks promptly. The Group attached great importance to
technology-driven risk management capabilities and efficiency improvements, and adopted digital thinking to create a
centralized, time-efficient, quantitative and penetrating risk management technology platform. Through the platform, risk
management is empowered to achieve group-wide risk management that is visible, measurable and controllable. During
the Reporting Period, the Group became one of the first six securities companies included in the scope of the consolidated
supervision pilot.

(VII) Top-ranking talent team and diversified shareholding structure
The consistent development of marketized systems and mechanisms is a key driving force for the continuous



                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
transformation and transcendence of the Group. The Group’s professional manager system has been under
implementation for one year, and it has realized the contractualization, marketization and professionalization of the
management team. The new operation and management team has broad vision, rich experience and strong business



                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
capabilities, and is leading the Company to open up a new development situation. The Group is deeply rooted in the
corporate culture gene of “technology empowerment, innovation and initiative”, and continuously enriches and deepens
the cultural connotation of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation, struggle and responsibility”, accumulating lasting power
and vitality for the in-depth promotion of the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) strategy. The Group has established and improved
a mechanism for the selection and appointment of talents based on ability and contribution, established a market-
oriented employment mechanism and compensation incentive mechanism and actively advanced the share incentive
plan towards core and cadre employees. Focusing on the operation and development needs, the Company introduced
outstanding domestic and overseas young talents, fintech talents in particular, through market-based channels to
enhance talent reserves and build an international talent team towards the future. High-end talents, innovative talents,




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
cross-boundary talents and international talents successively joined the Group, and a career-long, three-dimensional and
practical dynamic training system was applied to keep meeting the demands of employees. Since 2018, the Group has
started the reformation of mixed ownership and brought in important strategic investors, established a more diversified
shareholding structure. The diversified and balanced structure of shareholders and the Board has effectively enhanced
the transparency of the corporate governance and bringing new concepts and new strategic resources for the Group’s
future development.




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              037
IV. BUSINESS COVERAGE
Huatai Securities has broad business coverage with 243 business
branches and 28 subsidiaries in the PRC. It also conducts international
businesses overseas through Huatai International and the operational
entities held by Huatai International such as Huatai Financial Holdings
(Hong Kong), AssetMark and Huatai Securities (USA).
                                                                            243
                                                                                                 Provinces,          Number of
                                                                                                 cities and          business
                                                                                                 regions             branches
                                                                                                 Jiangsu             95
                                                                         Business branches
                                                                                                 Beijing             6




                                                                             28
                                                                                                 Shanghai            15
                                                                                                 Guangdong           23
                                                                                                 Hubei               29

                                                                                      Branches   Zhejiang            8
                                                                                                 Liaoning            7
                                                                                                 Shandong            7
                                                                                                 Sichuan             7
                                                                                                 Anhui               5
                                                                                                 Heilongjiang        5
                                                                                                 Fujian              4
                                                                                                 Tianjin             4
                                                                                                 Henan               3
                                                                                                 Hunan               3
                                                                                                 Jilin               3
                                                                                                 Inner Mongolia      3
                                                                                                 Autonomous Region
                                                                                                 Guangxi Zhuang      2
                                                                                                 Autonomous Region
                   Hong Kong China
                                                                                                 Hainan              2
                   As the Company’ s holding platform for international
                                                                                                 Jiangxi             2
                   business, Huatai International capitalised on its
                                                                                                 Shaanxi             2
                   advantage of being part of the full business chain
                                                                                                 Chongqing           1
                   system of the Group and effectively promoted
                   cross-border linkage, providing cross-border                                  Gansu               1

                   integrated financial services for domestic and                                Guizhou             1
                   foreign customers.                                                            Hebei               1
                                                                                                 Ningxia Hui         1
                                                                                                 Autonomous Region
                                                                                                 Qinghai             1
                                                                                                 Shanxi              1
                                                                                                 Xinjiang Uygur      1
                                                                                                 Autonomous Region




NOTE: THE MAP AND PRESENTATION IN THIS SECTION DO NOT REPRESENT STANDARD GEOGRAPHIC
MAPS, BUT FOR THE PURPOSE OF PRESENTING BUSINESS COVERAGE OF THE COMPANY ONLY.
                                                                             London

                                               In June 2019, the Company successfully
                                               listed its GDRs on the London Stock
                                               Exchange, and therefore became the
                                               first Chinese company to trade on the
                                               London Stock Exchange under the
                                               business rules of Shanghai-London
                                               Stock Connect. The funds raised
                                               therefrom amounted to US$1,692 million,
                                               which set a number of financing records
                                               in the UK and even the European capital
                                               market.




                               ASSETMARK                                                 New York

                                                                                         In 2018, Huatai Securities (USA)
                                                                                         was incorporated in the USA by
                                                                                         Huatai International as its
                                                                                         wholly-owned subsidiary, with
California
                                                                                         an office established in the New
In 2016, the Company s u c c e s s f u l l y                                             York City.
completed its acquisition of AssetMark,
which provided a powerful platform for
the wealth management business to
transform and get access to global
resources. The international development
layout has therefore made a key step.
In July 2019, AssetMark was successfully
listed on the New York Stock Exchange,
which further enhanced the Company’ s
influence in the international market.




                                                                                                                            040
EFFICIENCY   HONESTY   PRUDENCY   INNOVATION
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS AND REPORT
OF THE BOARD




I. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                   Year-
                                                                 on-year          Year-          Year-
                                                               change of        on-year        on-year
                 Segment                                        segment       change of      change of
                  revenue                          Segment       revenue       segment        segment
                and other       Segment Segment        profit  and other       expenses          profit
Segment            income       expenses  results margin (%) income (%)             (%)         margin
                                                                                             Decrease
Wealth
                                                                                                of 1.86
management      19,477,433     (14,213,154) 5,264,279      27.03      37.71          41.32
                                                                                           percentage
business
                                                                                                points
                                                                                             Increase
Institutional
                                                                                               of 2.46
services          10,524,711   (6,426,891)   4,109,806     39.05     25.78          20.93
                                                                                          percentage
business
                                                                                                points
                                                                                             Increase
Investment
                                                                                               of 16.70
management       4,070,097      (1,756,231) 4,989,036     122.58     (6.82)         22.89
                                                                                          percentage
business
                                                                                                points
                                                                                              Increase
International                                                                                    of 2.14
                 5,550,607     (5,290,461)    260,083       4.69      37.10          34.10
business                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                                 points
                                                                                            Decrease
Others
                                                                                             of 103.53
(including          911,588    (3,546,970) (1,118,828)   (122.73)   (39.58)         25.29
                                                                                          percentage
offset)
                                                                                               points
                                                                                            Decrease
                                                                                               of 2.40
Segment total   40,534,436     (31,233,707) 13,504,376     33.32     24.96          32.47
                                                                                          percentage
                                                                                               points
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(I) Wealth management business

1. Market environment and industry trend of wealth management business

(1) The space for development in the wealth management industry in China was broad, and
professional institutions powered by mature service systems will usher in development opportunities

The wealth management industry has ushered in an important period full of opportunities for development,
due to the continuous release of the potential of China’s real economy, the steady advancement of
financial supply-side structural reforms, the continuous accumulation of national wealth, the increasing

                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
supply of financial investment products, the demand increase in residents’ investment and the continuous
optimization of asset allocation structures. According to the statistics of China Merchants Bank’s Private
Wealth Report, as of the end of 2019, the overall scale of investable assets held by individuals in China may
have exceeded RMB200 trillion, an increase of 5.26% from the end of 2018; the number of high-net-worth
individuals with personal investable assets of over RMB10 million was approximately 2.2 million, an increase
of 11.68% from the end of 2018. The sudden outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic brought many uncertainties
to the wealth management industry, and also accelerated the progress of the industry’s transformation
and upgrading, prompting wealth management institutions to continuously improve their comprehensive
financial services and expertise in wealth management. Under the background of market-wide registration

                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
reform, capital market expansion, increased industry penetration rate in wealth management and people’s
optimized financial asset allocation, etc., wealth management institutions that focus on building a sound


                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
wealth management business system, adhere to a customer-centric service concept, and pay attention
to customer’s full life cycle, full category product, services and asset allocation are expected to continue to
expand their competitive advantages and serve customers’ multiple financial business needs.



Total size and year-on-year growth rate of investable                           Number and year-on-year growth rate of high net worth
assets held by individuals in China                                             individuals with investable assets over RMB10 million




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
 Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                    Unit: %   Unit: ten thousand people                                              Unit: %

                                                            200.00
200      CAGR                               188.00 190.00                30%    250      CAGR                                                            30%
                                 165.00                                                                           25.40%
         +13.82%                                                                         +17.41%                                              220.00
                                   27.91%                                                     23.81%                                 197.00
                 21.74%                                                         200                                         187.00
150                       129.00                                                                                   158.00
                                                                         20%                             21.15%                                          20%
                 112.00                                                         150
                                                                                                          126.00           18.35%
100      92.00
                                                                                                 104.00                                       11.68%
                          15.18%                                                100
                                            13.94%                                       84.00
                                                                         10%                                                                             10%
 50                                                         5.26%
                                                                                 50
                                                    1.06%                                                                            5.35%
                                                                                  0




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
   0                                                                     0%                                                                              0%
         2013    2014     2015      2016     2017    2018 2019E                          2013     2014     2015     2016     2017    2018 2019E
          Total size of investable assets           Year-on-year growth rate               Number of high net worth individuals        Year-on-year growth rate

Source: China Merchants Bank's private wealth report                             Source: China Merchants Bank's private wealth report




                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
(2) Changes in clients’ demands and market competition trends continuously promoted the wealth
management transformation of securities companies

With the continuous introduction of a series of market-oriented reforms in the capital market, the
continuous expansion of the new pattern of two-way opening of the financial market, the accelerated
penetration of Fintech into the securities industry, and the increasingly fierce market competition, the
traditional profit model and operating mode of securities companies are facing disruptive challenge, which
has facilitated them to transform themselves from providing traditional channel services to comprehensive
wealth management business and integrated financial services. Building a wealth management service
model under the new ecosystem has become an important direction for the strategic transformation of




                                                                                                                                                                  043
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          securities companies. During the Reporting Period, the domestic stock market index showed a trend of
          wide fluctuations. With the gradual weakening of the impact of the epidemic and the recovery of social
          and economic activities, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 13.87%, the Shenzhen Component Index
          rose by 38.73%, and the ChiNext Index rose by 64.96%; in terms of major international indexes, the S&P 500
          rose by 16.26%, the Nasdaq rose by 43.64%, while the FTSE 100 fell by 14.34%. In the context of increased
          external uncertainties faced by the capital market, gradually matured regulatory policies and market
          mechanisms, enriching variety of investment products, and rising demand for wealth management of high-
          net-worth individuals, clients have paid more attention to the asset allocation capabilities and the value
          of professional services of wealth management institutions. The expansion of the pilot fund investment
          advisory business will also accelerate the transformation of the wealth management industry to investment
          advisory business model from buyers’ perspective. Financial institutions would gain an advantage in
          future competition by firmly making breakthroughs in the transformation towards wealth management,
          continuously improving professional capabilities, fully tapping and leveraging its own advantages in
          asset allocation of main categories in the cross-market, cross-product, and cross-industry, and providing
          customers with a full range of services.


          Trends of major China-related indexes in 2020                                 Trends of major international indexes in 2020

           70%                                                                          50%
                                                           64.96%                                      43.64%
           60%                                                                          40%

           50%                                                                          30%
                                                43.91%
                                      38.73%
           40%                                                                          20% 16.26%

           30% 25.62%                                                 27.21%             10%                        7.25%

                                                                               18.85%
           20%                                                                           0%
                            13.87%
                                                                                                                                                -3.40%
           10%                                                                          -10%

                                                                                                                                     -14.34%
            0%                                                                          -20%
                 Wind All      SSE     Shenzhen SZSE SME    ChiNext    CSI       SSE           S&P     NASDAQ      Dow Jones          FTSE     Hang Seng
                 China      Composite Component    Price      Price    300       50                             Industrial Average
                                                             Index                             500      Index                          100       Index
                  Index       Index      Index    Index

          Source: Wind                                                                  Source: Wind




          (3) The increasingly widespread application of Fintech led the iterative upgrade of the wealth
          management industry

          In recent years, securities companies have proactively grasped the new trend of technological
          development, by empowering all links of the wealth management business value chain through Fintech
          application innovation, building a platform-based and systematic new wealth management service
          model, so as to realize the synergy, integration and sharing of internal and external resources of the Group.
          Moreover, securities companies continued to optimize customer experience, reduce operating costs,
          improve operating efficiency, and effectively enhance the effectiveness of securities companies in providing
          customers with professional, intelligent, and integrated financial services. With the continuous deepening
          of the application of Fintech in wealth management business, Fintech has become a basic driving force to
          evolution of the financial ecosystem and a strategic commanding height for competition in the securities
          industry. In particular, the epidemic prevention and control since the beginning of 2020 has given rise to the
          demand for online financial services, providing an opportunity for the digital and intelligent transformation
          and development of the securities industry. The inevitable choice of a large domestic securities company to
          achieve digital transformation and build differentiated competitive advantages and a new business model
          is to continue to increase investment in technological innovation, promote the iterative update of Fintech,
          promote the in-depth integration of Fintech and business, make full use of Fintech to explore the potential
          value of data, and provide customers with comprehensive wealth management services. The application of
          Fintech will help securities companies transform into a diversified wealth management model.




044
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2. Operational measures and achievements of wealth management business

(1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business

During the Reporting Period, in adherence to the values centering on customers’ demand, following
the concept of technology empowerment, the Group continuously improved platform-based service
quality, strengthened digital operation and management capabilities, and created functions like multi-
dimensional and intelligent potential customer mining, customer acquisition conversion and asset
allocation, and developed professional abilities that create value for customers in an all-round way, thus
further consolidating and enhancing core competitiveness, and effectively contributing to the systematic


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
development of wealth management business. It also continued to build a professional customer-
acquisition investment consultant team, comprehensively enhanced the professional capabilities with
asset allocation services as the core, upgraded the iterative one-stop investment consultant work cloud
platform, efficiently and accurately empowered first-line investment consultants to improve the efficiency of
investment consulting services and work efficiency, so as to promote large-scale and specialized customer
development, and achieve steady growth in customer scale and customer assets.

The Group continuously enriched and improved various functions and services of “Zhangle Fortune Path” ( 漲
樂財富通 ), including technological innovations of the construction of wealth management financial scenes,


                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
the development of intelligent tools, and differentiated market transactions. It also established a technology
platform around the new trend of customer wealth management to comprehensively improve the quality
of customer service. During the Reporting Period, “Zhangle Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) had a download


                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
volume of 7.8559 million, with a cumulative download volume of 58.0625 million since its launch; the number
of accounts opened by mobile terminal customers was 3.2290 million, accounting for 99.72% of all accounts;
94.27% of trading customers used “Zhangle Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) to conduct transactions. According
to the statistics of Analysys think tank, during the Reporting Period, the average monthly activity of “Zhangle
Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) was 8,896,600. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the monthly activity was
9,115,300, ranking first among securities company apps, which means “Zhangle Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 )
has continued to play its important role as the core platform carrier of the Company’s wealth management
business. At the same time, the Group officially launched the “Zhangle Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) to explore the




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
innovation of global transaction service models, and be committed to providing customers with one-stop
investment management services for global assets. During the Reporting Period, the “Zhangle Global” ( 漲樂
全球通 ) had a download volume of 520,100. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the monthly activity was
88,700.

Average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”                               Proportion of the number of users trading through
                                                                     “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
                                               Unit: ten thousand

1,000       CAGR                                                    100%
            +24.57%                                     889.66
                                                                                                                                         93.00%
 800                                           755.03                                                                           90.25%




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                    90%                                                88.33%
                                      663.69                                                                  87.24%
                             583.96                                                           84.22% 84.83%
 600                                                                                 82.25%
                  532.43                                                    80.25%
                                                                    80%




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
 400
        296.54
                                                                    70%
 200


    0                                                               60%
         2015      2016       2017    2018      2019     2020               2017Q2 2017Q4 2018Q2 2018Q4 2019Q2 2019Q4 2020Q2 2020Q4

Source: Statistics from Analysys                                     Source: Internal statistics from the Company


The Group further strengthened its advantages in trading services based on advanced platforms. According
to the statistics of members of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Group’s equity and fund
trading volume totaled RMB34.19 trillion, ranking the first place in the industry. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, according to internal statistics, the total assets of client accounts reached RMB4.74 trillion.




                                                                                                                                                  045
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Data of agency transaction amount
                                                                                                                                         Currency: RMB

                                        2020                                                                         2019

                                                Agency sales amount                                                         Agency sales amount
          Type of securities                                                             Type of securities
                                                    (in RMB100 million)                                                       (in RMB100 million)

          Stocks                                                 316,393.11           Stocks                                               194,042.61

          Funds                                                 25,494.38             Funds                                                    11,659.88

          Debentures                                            345,299.16            Debentures                                           311,035.42

          Total                                                 687,186.65            Total                                                 516,737.91


          Note: In view of the fact that Wind Information no longer collects and publishes its member trading volume data, the data of trading volume in
          2019 and 2020 are cited from the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchange members’ statistics in which the fund data do not include trading
          volume of money market funds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




          During the Reporting Period, the Southbound                              Equity fund trading volume
          Trading business went steadily, with the number                                                               Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

          of clients increasing steadily and the services
                                                                                   Market
          continuing to be deepened. For the Southbound                            ranking    1       1        1        1        1         1        1
          Trading business under Shanghai-Hong Kong
          Stock Connect, there were 56,400 authorized users                         50
                                                                                                     45.16
          in total. For the Southbound Trading business                                                                           CAGR
          under Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, there                             40                                            +18.40%
                                                                                                                                                   34.19
          were 60,200 authorized users in total. In terms of
          stock options brokerage business, the Group has                           30
                                                                                                             24.52
          continued to improve the hierarchical trading                                                                                 20.57
                                                                                                                      19.01
          platform system, actively built the core trading                          20
                                                                                                                               14.27
          system, and focused on improving the ability to                                    12.41
          serve professional customers, and therefore the                           10
          business has continued to maintain its market
          leading edge. According to the statistics of the                           0
                                                                                             2014    2015    2016     2017     2018      2019      2020
          Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Group’s stock
          option brokerage business at the Shanghai Stock                           Source: Regular reports of the Company              Trading volume

          Exchange ranked the first place in the industry in
          terms of trading volume and market share in 2020.

          For the futures brokerage business, Huatai Futures continued to optimize its outlet layout. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, there were 9 branches and 41 futures branches in total covering 4 municipalities directly
          under the Central Government and 16 provinces in China, being the agent of 87 types of futures. During
          the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures (excluding clearing members) realized an agency trading volume
          of 659,438,600 lots with a transaction amount of RMB45,662,311 million. The Group’s futures IB business
          increased consistently, with 224 securities branches permitted to be engaged in futures IB business and the
          total number of futures IB business customers reaching 43,929 as of the end of the Reporting Period.


          (2) Financial product sales business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group comprehensively promoted the business development of financial
          products centered on customer needs. With the help of enhanced professional capabilities and digital
          empowerment, it also continuously strengthened its business brand value, enhanced customer profit
          experience, met customers’ multi-level wealth management needs, integrated internal and external
          product resources, implemented multi-dimensional product introduction management models, created
          a diversified financial product and strategic product system, and improved the supply of high-quality




046
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
products and differentiated product service models. In addition, it continuously optimized research services
such as research on large-scale assets, asset allocation and portfolio construction, continued to improve
the full-process management model for the entire life cycle of financial products, and enhanced the
customer service capabilities of investment consultants. According to internal statistics, the number of
financial products held (except for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 )) was 6,160, and
their sales scale (except for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 )) was RMB705.331 billion,
which has increased significantly.

During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained the qualification for pilot fund investment advisory business,
and then actively promoted business development by launching the “Zhangle Investment” ( 漲 樂 星 投 )


                                                                                                                                         About Us
fund investment advisory service brand, to accelerate the transformation of investment advisory services
oriented to buyers instead of seller itself, thus effectively improving customer asset allocation service
capabilities. The Group has focused on strengthening digital empowerment by building a product business
digitised platform based on product integrated management and operation platform, product investment
research system and intelligent investment advisory system, etc., with an aim to promote platform-based
product evaluation and integrated operation service, and enhance its overall business efficiency and
capability. In addition, it also continued to optimize the after-sales service process and content, strengthen
the management selection mechanism, and strictly keep an eye on product compliance and risk control
management.


(3) Capital-based intermediary business                   Scale of margin financing and securities lending business                   Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
During the Reporting Period, the Group comprehensively
                                                         1,400
                                                                                                                7.67%    8%
deepened cooperation across the entire business
                                                                                                       6.59% 1,241.23
chain, continued to tap customer needs, built            1,200
                                                                          5.87%      5.73%    5.76%
a matrix customer service system, led digital                    5.63%                                                   6%
                                                         1,000
transformation through platform construction,
innovated business operation models, enhanced             800
                                                                 661.14                                671.25
                                                                                                                         4%
differentiated and professional service capabilities,                                588.13




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                          600               551.43
to consolidate business competition advantage. To                                             435.15
quickly respond to market changes and regulatory          400
                                                                                                                         2%
requirements, it improved the marketing service           200
system, implemented risk management and
control throughout the process, improved risk               0
                                                                 2015       2016     2017     2018     2019     2020
                                                                                                                         0%

management efficiency, promoted the high-quality
                                                                  Balance              Market share
development of capital intermediary business,            Source: Regular reports of the Company
thereby continuing to expand brand influence. The
Group released “Securities Lending Path” ( 融券通 ) as the first open-ended online securities lending and
trading platform in the entire market, opening up a new mode of digital operation in the securities lending
industry, efficiently connecting the supplier and demander of securities, and is committed to providing



                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
platform participants with all-dimensional one-stop services. During the Reporting Period, benefiting from
the revived enthusiasm for credit transactions in the A-share market, the capital-based intermediary
business of the Group showed good development momentum, the scale of margin financing and securities



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
lending business increased greatly. The market share continued to increase, the securities lending business
developed rapidly, and the stock pledged repurchase business structure was optimized to make business
risks controllable. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the
balance of margin financing and securities lending business of the Company was RMB124.123 billion, with a
year-on-year increase of 84.91% and a market share of 7.67%, and the integral maintenance guarantee ratio
was 302.93%. Among them, the balance of securities lending business was RMB25.410 billion, with a year-on-
year increase of 984.97% and a market share of 18.55%. The pending repurchase balance of stock pledged
repurchase business was RMB31.456 billion in total, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 287.46%.
Among them, the pending repurchase balance of on-balance-sheet business was RMB6.476 billion, with an
average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 269.33%; while the pending repurchase balance of off-balance-sheet
business was RMB24.980 billion.




                                                                                                                                047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Scale of stock pledged repurchase business                          Overall guarantee ratio and average fulfilment
                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB   guarantee ratio

          1,000                                                               400%
                                     908.75
                                                                                        370.33%

           800
                            690.26                                            350%     339.23% 337.76%

                                                                                                                                          314.66%
           600                                 539.04                                                              304.35%                            302.93%
                                                                              300%
                  389.28                                  378.14
           400
                                                                   314.56                                                                              287.46%
                                                                                                                             272.82%
                                                                              250%                                                         267.70%
           200
                                                                                                   245.28%
                                                                                                                237.95%       231.67%

             0                                                                200%
                   2015      2016     2017         2018   2019      2020                 2015         2016         2017        2018         2019         2020


                  Pending repurchase balance                                         Overall guarantee ratio of margin financing and securities lending business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                     Average fulfilment guarantee ratio of stock pledged repurchase business
                                                                              Source: Regular reports of the Company




          3. Prospect of wealth management business for 2021

          Wealth management business undertakes significant responsibilities in gathering client resources and
          assets on a large scale, providing a solid base for customer value exploration and creation. In 2021, the
          Group will strengthen its digital operation and management, further improve the customer-oriented
          technology platform and the one-stop cloud platform for investment advisors, and optimize the business
          system integrating online and offline resources. With integrated platform empowerment as the core, with a
          professional investment advisory team and a competitive financial product system as wings, the Group will
          acquire new customers and motivate existing customers, and strive to enhance its professional capability
          to attract customer assets and make value for customers.

          For wealth management business, the Group will continue to adapt to market changes, take advantage
          of its market leading customer size and the sound full-service business chain, adhere to the bottom line
          of compliance, promote high-quality business development with the intelligent, digital, targeted and
          professional online and offline synergy. In terms of the fund investment advisory business, the Group will
          emphasize the strategic positioning of the business, upgrade business processes and investment portfolio
          strategies starting from customer benefits, strengthen service perception, explore diversified cooperation
          models to provide customers with professional services; based on the combination of customer needs and
          asset allocation strategies, create a diversified financial product and strategic product system, improve
          differentiated service models, and improve product sales capabilities through systematic operation, process
          management, and high-quality output; create an intelligent and open one-stop investment advisory work
          cloud platform, improve the integrated operating investment advisory service system, strengthen the
          technological empowerment of the investment advisory team, continue to optimize outstanding investment
          advisory service models, so as to comprehensively improve the efficiency of investment advisory services;
          continue to promote technology empowerment and platform-driven concept, and move forward the
          construction of the intelligent interactive digital platform system of full-range products, full-cycle processes,
          oriented to all customers of the Group and focusing on the life cycle of customer asset allocation, by
          which the Group could concentrate professional resources and digital capabilities on the platform, create
          differentiated competitive advantages and benchmark service experience, and effectively contribute to the
          systematic development of wealth management business.

          In terms of the financial product sales business, the Group will continue to improve professional capabilities
          including asset research, portfolio allocation and product evaluation, introduce external high-quality
          products, explore new product models, build a multi-level product supply matrix system, improve marketing
          support and continuing service content, and strengthen our response to customer needs and resource
          integration capabilities, and ultimately continue to expand business scale and customer base. At the same
          time, the Group will strengthen digital empowerment, build a core financial product platform that integrates




048
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
asset research, strategic research and development, product evaluation, and combined production to
provide effective support for the development of financial product businesses.

In terms of capital-based intermediary business, the Group will continue to be customer-oriented,
comprehensively strengthen risk management and control capabilities, enrich customer service from other
dimensions, innovate product design and operation models, develop credit business customer groups,
and further consolidate industry leading advantages. It will also integrated resources from various parties
to promote the construction of the “Securities Lending Path” ( 融券通 ) platform system, increase customer
strategy research, improve professional investor service capabilities, create an integrated securities pool
at home and abroad, on and off the market, continue to expand the brand influence of the Securities


                                                                                                                                                       About Us
Lending Path, and build a new ecology of stock pledge business that meets the needs of customers for
comprehensive financing services.


(II) Institutional services business

1. Market environment and industry trend of institutional services business

(1) Economic transformation and upgrading and the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
market have provided strategic opportunities for the development of institutional services business

As China’s economy shifts to high-quality development, the supply-side structural reform and the


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
innovation-driven development strategy are further advanced, the capital market has embarked on a new
stage of comprehensive deepening reform, in which the market vitality and driving force will be further
released, the institutional service business will have an opportunity to achieve leap-forward development,
providing institutional clients with a full range of high-quality comprehensive financial services will become
an important manifestation of the core competitiveness of securities companies. In recent years, in the
context of the officially implementation of the new Securities Law, the steadily promotion of the market-
oriented allocation of capital factors, the continuously improvement of the STAR Market, the accelerated
adoption of the registration system reform of the ChiNext, the adjustment and optimization of refinancing




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
rules, and the deepening reform of NEEQ Select and the market-wide registration reform about to
implement, which presents the investment banking
                                                         Statistics of stock issuance
business of securities companies high-level
                                                                                                 Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
transformation strategic opportunities, securities
                                                         25,000
companies with outstanding business capabilities
and rich project reserves will achieve more
                                                         20,000
progresses in business and income. In the future,
with the continuous improvement of our country’s         15,000
multi-level capital market system, the ability of the
capital market to serve technological innovation         10,000




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
and the real economy will be greatly enhanced.
                                                          5,000
The securities industry is expected to expand
the financing channels of new economy and
                                                               0




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
technological innovation enterprises, support the                      2014       2015      2016      2017      2018       2019       2020

integration and upgrading of traditional industrial          Funds raised from the IPO                Funds raised from additional offering
                                                             Funds raised from share allotment        Funds raised from preferred shares
resources, attract high-quality companies to
                                                             Funds raised from convertible bonds      Funds raised from exchangeable bonds
return to domestic market, and enrich the varieties
                                                         Notes:
of capital market products and broaden business          1. Source: Wind;
boundaries. Securities companies with the ability to     2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
                                                         issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred
better capture macroeconomic trends and create
                                                         shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
long-term value for their clients will face more         3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.
business opportunities.




                                                                                                                                              049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Statistics of bond issuance                                                        Statistics of material assets reorganization of the
                                                                                             Company
                                              Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


          600,000                                                                  60,000    15,000                                                            500

          500,000                                                                  50,000
                                                                                             12,000                                                            400

          400,000                                                                  40,000
                                                                                              9,000                                                            300
          300,000                                                                  30,000
                                                                                              6,000                                                            200
          200,000                                                                  20,000

                                                                                              3,000                                                            100
          100,000                                                                  10,000

               0                                                                   0              0                                                            0
                     2014    2015     2016    2017    2018     2019     2020                           2014   2015    2016   2017    2018    2019   2020

                    Issue amount                   Number of issuance                                 Transaction amount              Number of transactions
          Notes:                                                                             Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
                                                                                             1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes government bonds, local government bonds,
          NCD, financial bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, mediumterm notes,         2. The statistical caliber of Wind is the reorganization transactions of
          short-term financing bonds, dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international   material assets disclosed by A-share listed companies.
          institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed
          securities, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.




          (2) The development trend of institutionalization, increased concentration, and internationalization
          of market participants have set higher standards for institutional services business of securities
          companies

          Institutional investors are becoming the main force in the market, with the continuous development of
          domestic and foreign professional institutional investors, the marketization operation of domestic social
          security funds, insurance funds, and bank wealth management funds, the lowering market entry barriers for
          foreign capital, the increased participation of individual investors in securities market investment through
          asset management products, the development and application of new technologies, the accelerated
          process of institutionalization of the capital market, and continuously increased market value of the stock
          held by institutional investors and their contribution. In particular, driven by the policy orientation to promote
          the development of equity funds and benefited from a series of reform, the issuance of equity funds has
          increased significantly and the allocation of investors’ equity assets has increased gradually. All these have
          shown a general trend for capital markets to usher in an era of institutional investors. In addition, in the
          context of the accelerated formation of a new pattern of high-level two-way opening of the capital market,
          the classified supervision of securities companies and the establishment of aircraft carrier-level securities
          companies, the institutional service business will put forward higher requirements on securities companies’
          capabilities in comprehensive service, capital strength, pricing, research, and institutional sales. And the
          trend of leading companies acquiring more business resources will become increasingly prominent. In
          the future, systematic institutional service advantages and differentiated and international institutional
          service capabilities will become the key competitiveness for the development of securities companies,
          and large securities companies with a solid institutional client base will certainly have more development
          opportunities.

          (3) The sustainable development of institutional services business of securities companies requires
          strong risk management capabilities as the foundation

          In the context of the continuous spread of the global epidemic, the slowdown of macroeconomic
          growth, the deepening of financial supply-side structural reforms, the continuous advancement of the
          construction of a multi-level capital market system, the increasing diversification of financial market tools,
          and the continuous strengthening of domestic and foreign market connection, the manifestations and
          transmission channels of financial risks are becoming more and more complex. To deal with this, securities




050
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
companies must improve risk supervision mechanisms, improve risk management systems, standardize
risk management procedures, establish risk identification and evaluation systems, etc., to comprehensively
improve risk management capabilities, effectively prevent, manage and defuse financial risks and enhance
core competitive advantages.

The prevention and management of financial risks requires securities companies to continue to improve
the professional and platform-based comprehensive risk management mechanism to achieve centralized
monitoring and analysis of risk information and full-process management and control. While defusing
financial risks requires securities companies to effectively utilize the financial derivatives market while
possessing strong capital strength. With the continuous improvement of the basic system of the capital


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
market and the enrichment of financial products and risk management tools, the risk management function
of the capital market has been further brought into play, and the compliance and risk management to the
sustainable development of various securities companies’ businesses has become increasingly important.
Based on the continuous improvement in professional capabilities such as valuation, pricing and trading,
securities companies should provide a full range of on-exchange and OTC derivatives trading services
and seize new opportunities in the high-end development of institutional services business coupled with
their unique risk management service value and differentiated financial product innovation and design
capability.



                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
2. Operational measures and achievements of institutional services business

(1) Investment banking business

During the Reporting Period, the Group fully seized the opportunities presented in the capital market reform                                              and Strategies
led by the economic transformation and upgrading and the registration system. By continuing to promote
the entire business chain strategy, improving the customer-centric integrated operation system as a large
investment bank, accelerating the industry layout, optimizing the team structure, it effectively strengthened
cross-market execution and service capabilities, and explored business opportunities based on the actual
needs of key customers and capital strategies, and further enhanced the market position and brand
advantages of its investment banking business.




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Consolidated data                                                                                                                Currency: RMB


                           Times of lead                       Lead underwriting amount                   Lead underwriting income
Categories of            underwriting (time)                      (in RMB10 thousand)                        (in RMB10 thousand)
Issuance               Current        Accumulated                   Current       Accumulated                  Current       Accumulated
                        Period       over the years                  Period      over the years                 Period      over the years

Issue of new
                               21                   195        2,362,713.87        14,870,580.20            153,933.98            691,477.39
shares




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Additional
issue of new                  35                    216       5,972,602.47         34,850,434.22              49,561.01          268,878.68
shares




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Allotment of
                                1                    32          518,109.69          1,666,857.72              1,092.93              21,132.88
shares

Issue of bonds               861                  1,905       42,735,137.69          138,127,110.41          82,194.38            421,865.66

Total                        918                 2,348       51,588,563.72        189,514,982.55           286,782.30            1,403,354.61

Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements, while the statistical caliber is the issuance completion date of the project; preferred
shares are included in the additional newly issued shares; bonds issuance includes treasury bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds (including
exchangeable bonds), convertible bonds, short-term financing bonds and medium-term notes, etc., but it excludes asset-backed securitization
projects.




                                                                                                                                                   051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ① Equity underwriting business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of equity underwriting business, the Group focused on key areas,
          conducted forward-looking layout of growth industries, and strived to improve domestic and overseas
          integrated comprehensive service capabilities. At the same time, it actively reserved projects under the
          STAR market and ChiNext registration system, and therefore achieving comprehensive results in its business
          layout. According to the statistics from Wind information, the Group’s equity lead underwriting amount
          (including the initial public offering, follow-on offering, allotment of shares, preferred shares, convertible
          bonds, exchangeable bonds) was RMB147.546 billion, ranking the third in the industry. According to the
          statistics of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the accumulated number
          of companies in the STAR Market sponsored by the Group was 44, ranking the second in the industry.


          Number and ranking of equity underwriting                                    Amount and ranking of equity underwriting

                                                                                                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          Market                                                                       Market
          ranking    4        1       3        4        3       3        3             ranking     6         4        3         5        3          3       3
          100                                                                         2,000
                             86
                                                     CAGR                77                                       1,578.70
           80                         74             +10.63%                                                                                             1,475.46
                                              69                                       1,500                                          1,384.66
                                                                                                          1,308.40                               1,320.95

           60                                                                                                                1,105.72
                                                                49                               CAGR
                     42                                                                1,000     +18.82%
                                                        39
           40
                                                                                                 524.22
                                                                                        500
           20


             0                                                                             0
                    2014    2015     2016     2017    2018     2019    2020                       2014     2015      2016      2017     2018      2019    2020

                    Number of equity underwriting                                                Amount of equity underwriting

          Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
          allotment, preferred shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Therefore,
          there are differences between the data from Wind and the statistical data from the Company.




052
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
② Bonds underwriting business

During the Reporting Period, besides strict risk control, the bonds underwriting business gave full play to
its all-license edge and all-round business advantages of equity-debt linkage, continuously consolidated
business channels, promoted innovation-driven strategy, improved customer hierarchical management,
and created a stable customer development system, expanded the quality customer base, and launched
high-quality projects, seeking an improvement on top of its solid position in the industry. According to
the statistics from Wind information, the Group’s lead-underwriting amount of full variety bonds was
RMB566.963 billion, ranking the fifth in the industry.



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
Number of bond underwriting                                                        Amount and ranking of bond underwriting
                                                                                                                        Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                  Market
                                                                                  ranking
                                                                                                                   7         7        8         7          5
2,000                                                                              6,000                                                                5,669.63
                                                                  1,826

                                                                                   5,000
1,500
                 CAGR                                                                          CAGR
                                                                                   4,000
                 +74.35%                                                                       +40.00%                                       3,356.47
                                                         1,086




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
1,000                                                                              3,000
                                                                                                                1,978.24 2,016.00 2,043.40
                                                                                   2,000
                                                 432



                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
 500                                   329
                              274                                                            752.95    811.08
                                                                                   1,000
            65       110

    0                                                                                   0
          2014      2015     2016      2017     2018     2019      2020                       2014      2015     2016      2017     2018      2019       2020

          Number of bond underwriting                                                         Amount of bond underwriting

Notes:
1. Source: Wind;
2. The statistical coverage includes local government bonds, policy-bank bonds, non-policy financial bonds (including securities corporate
bonds), enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds (including ultra short-term financing bonds),




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed securities,
convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other bonds;
3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Besides, the
statistical coverage of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting. Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
statistical data from the Company. For the calculation method of issuing number, the statistical caliber of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ③ Financial advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of the M&A and restructuring, the financial advisory business
          maintained the leading position in the industry by focusing on the promotion of benchmark large-
          scale projects and innovative projects, continuously improved capabilities on its industry research, the
          identification of high-value transaction opportunity and deal-making, and developed customer continuous
          services, thus further consolidating and enhancing business reputation. Among 9 institutions that are
          registered with and approved by the CSRC to conduct M&A transactions, the Company ranked second in
          the industry with a transaction amount of RMB50.419 billion, which also ranked the second in the industry.


          Amount, number and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization
                                                                                                                                                       Currency: RMB

                                                               2015               2016                2017               2018                2019               2020

          Number                                                  29                  21                   11                15                  14                  9


          Ranking by number                                       1                   1                  5                   3                   1                  2

          Transaction amount (in
                                                           1,007.31           1,889.53              413.04            1,104.27          1,280.65             504.19
          RMB100 million)

          Ranking by transaction
          amount
                                                                  3                  2                   4                   1                   1                  2

          Source: The number, scale and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization transactions collected based on public information and approved by the CSRC.




          ④ OTC business

          During the Reporting Period, the NEEQ business actively adapted to market conditions and strategic
          deployment adjustments, and promoted the reform of investment banking service system based on the
          whole industry chain. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group provided supervision services for
          39 listed companies, 3 targeted placements for 3 listed companies with a total amount raised of RMB769
          million, and financial advisory services for 1 listed company. Jiangsu Equity Exchange, a holding subsidiary of
          the Group, continued to strengthen the construction of compliance and risk control systems, regulated the
          development of convertible bond business, actively explored new business models, continued to expand
          financing service methods, adhered to the empowerment of Fintech through strengthening the application
          of new technologies, so as to provide comprehensive financial services for small, medium and micro
          enterprises. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has had 8,602 enterprises listed and displayed,
          136 enterprises under custody, 246 membership units, and 75,770 investors of all types, and it raised
          RMB12.404 billion million for enterprises through financing during the Reporting Period.

          (2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of PB business, the Group moved forward the systematic development,
          reshaped the customer-oriented full-chain service system centered on the comprehensive financial service
          needs of the customer’s full life cycle, carried out market development and operation guarantee in an
          orderly manner, expanded basic financial functions, enriched the content of services it provided, optimized
          the customer structure and business structure, and at the same time continued to promote the construction
          of an integrated service platform for internal and external customers, continuously improved system
          functions, and promoted digital transformation and operational efficiency. As of the end of the Reporting
          Period, the Group had 5,309 fund products in custody and the total size of fund in custody reached
          RMB245.827 billion. There were 6,481 fund products we provide fund administration services to (including 747
          products from our asset management subsidiary), of which the service scale reached RMB906.733 billion
          (including the business scale of asset management subsidiary of RMB567.483 billion).




054
Number of fund custody products and business scale                       Number of fund service products and business scale                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
of fund custody                                                          of fund services
                              Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                     Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


          307      934       1,897       2,642     3,678      5,309                734      1,589     2,727       3,465    4,444      6,481

                                                             2,458.27                               9,653.45
2,500                                                                   10,000
                                                                                  CAGR 9,241.03                                      9,067.33
                                                                                  +7.02%                         8,490.65 8,587.61

2,000                                                                   8,000
                                                                                 6,458.48
           CAGR
1,500      +55.31%                                1,311.89              6,000



                                                                                                                                                         About Us
1,000                                                                   4,000
                                         733.05
                  497.21    541.22
 500                                                                    2,000
        272.01


   0                                                                        0
         2015      2016      2017        2018      2019       2020                2015      2016      2017        2018      2019      2020

         Amount of custody business                                               Amount of service business
Source: Regular reports of the Company                                  Source: Regular reports of the Company




(3) Research and institutional sales business                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group continued to improve the professional
talent team and personnel training system, promote the transformation of business models, strengthen
the refined management of customer services, rationally allocate research business resources, improve
the effectiveness of research service docking, and enhance the right to determine the price of business. It
also continued to promote the construction of an intelligent research platform supported by RIS and the
“Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) platform, to innovate service models, strengthen research quality management, vigorously
promote the online operation of research products and services, and effectively improve the participation




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
experience of institutional customers. The Group aimed to build an integrated domestic and overseas
business operation structure and product production platform, create a product management system
that adapts to international strategies, in order to meet the two-way, multi-level professional research
service needs of customers at home and abroad. Relying on the advantages of the full-service chain, in
terms of the institutional sales business, the Group has actively integrated business resources, given full
play to the synergies, implemented classification and hierarchical management of institutional investors,
digged in-depth various business needs, fully promoted the upgrade of business models and capabilities,
and continued to optimize the “Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) APP service platform for institutional customers, institutional
customer CRM system and other digital platform functions, creating a one-stop integrated financial service
model. The Group has actively carried out various forms of research service activities, including releasing
6,572 research reports, organizing 15,019 roadshow services, holding online investment meetings and other



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
service activities, organizing 923 thematic tele-conferences, and holding 4 thematic offline meetings.
During the Reporting Period, the volume of sub-position transactions for the public fund was approximately
RMB1,125.354 billion.




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
(4) Investment and trading business

① Equity trading business

During the Reporting Period, the Group made ongoing efforts to resolutely promote business transformation
to a trading business model, stuck to the de-directionalization, actively explored diversified trading strategic
means, continuously accelerated the expansion of innovative business models, consistently enriched the
business structure and built sustainable equity investment and trading systems with core competitiveness.
The Group built a comprehensive market monitoring system, dynamically monitored market characteristics,
actively explored the rules of market operation, monitored and followed active market themes, effectively
identified market opportunities and risks and supported the development of trading business. The Group




                                                                                                                                                055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          attached great importance to the research & application of advanced technologies such as big data and
          artificial intelligence, actively build integrated business platform and the big data transaction business
          system with great varieties, multi cycles and strategies, improved the fundamentals quantitative trading
          model of macro hedging transactions, and promoted the improvement of its transaction scale and
          profitability.

          ② FICC trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group constantly built the customer-oriented FICC service system with
          transaction as the core, set up a cross-variety and cross-market product line, and promoted the upgrade
          and iteration of the business system through the two-way driver of institutional customer service and
          financial product supply. In terms of fixed-income proprietary investment business, it comprehensively used
          a variety of trading strategies such as derivative portfolios, leveraged spreads, and macro hedging of bulk
          assets, actively seized opportunities in pricing deviations and valuation repair to achieve steady growth in
          proprietary investment income; continued to promote the construction of the HEADS large trading platform
          and the development of the CAMS (credit analysis management system), and to enhance the platform-
          based investment and transaction capabilities and risk management capabilities systematically. As for
          bulk commodity business and foreign exchange business, the Group actively promoted strategic trading
          research, accelerated the development of cross-border commodity trading systems and product creation,
          in order to build core investment trading and pricing capabilities, and improve profitability.

          ③ OTC derivatives trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group strived to build a customer-centric over-the-counter derivatives
          business system, comprehensively improved business operation efficiency with a digital transformation
          strategy, and continued to improve business innovation capabilities, product design and pricing
          capabilities, deal-making and risk hedging capabilities, deeply connecting institutional service systems and
          customer needs to create an institutional customer financial ecosystem with the advantages of systematic
          institutional services and differentiated institutional service capabilities. The new trading volume of OTC
          derivatives ranked among the top in the industry. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 2,642
          income swap transaction businesses with a notional principal of RMB50.954 billion; the Group had 672 OTC
          option trading businesses with total notional principal of RMB36.245 billion. During the Reporting Period,
          the Group issued 3,716 private placement products through the China Securities Internet System and OTC
          market, with a total amount of RMB87.089 billion.

          3. Prospect of institutional services business for 2021

          The institutional services business is the base for an advanced business area for creating differentiated core
          strengths and first-class investment banking, as well as a key to consolidating and enhancing the Group’s
          industry leading position. In 2021, the Group will continue to promote the systemic service model, accelerate
          the construction of digital services platforms for institutions, give full play to the advantages of “investment
          banking gene + full business chain”, strengthen business synergy mechanisms, further enhance pricing
          capabilities and transaction capabilities, and build a more efficient and competitive institutional services
          ecosystem.

          For investment banking business, we will actively grasp the market and policy opportunities, continue to
          follow the business philosophy of being “customer-centric”, realize diversified and integrated full coverage
          of top customers, and adhere to the strategy of “platform empowerment + technology empowerment”; with
          the development direction of industry focus, regional layout and customer demand exploration, the Group
          will strengthen domestic and overseas, on-exchange and OTC cross-market synergy, enhance the quality
          control ability of the whole process to comprehensively improve the full-range product service ability and
          the comprehensive quick response ability, and build a big “ecosystem” with investment banks around top
          customers in the industry. In terms of equity underwriting business, the Group will continue to grasp the
          opportunities under registration system, focus on development in key regions and go deep into the industry,
          increase the number of high-quality customers, and strengthen cross-border linkages to truly empower
          customers in the introduction of domestic and foreign capital and the allocation of domestic and foreign




056
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
resources; in terms of bond underwriting business, the Group has continued to achieve the overall coverage
of different types of customers and the business improvement through the breakthroughs of some financial
institutions, to strengthen professional layout, and exert more efforts in the marketing and development in
key regions, key products, and key issuers; in terms of financial advisory business, the Group will continue
to explore domestic and foreign M&A opportunities based on industrial logic, and to enhance industry
research, high value trading discovery and deal-making capability.

For prime brokerage business, we will constantly optimize the function of an integrated professional
institutional service platform, continue to promote the construction of intelligent business operation system,
optimize service paths and processes, continuously increase the capacity and efficiency of operational


                                                                                                                          About Us
service, effectively improve customer stickiness, while actively exploring new business models to broaden
the boundaries of business development, and strengthen business collaboration and professional service
capabilities at the same time.

For research and institutional sales business, we will continue to improve the integrated domestic and
overseas business system, continuously enhance the pool of professional talents, fully explore and analyze
the needs of various institutional clients, implement the customer-driven and product-driven customer
service matrix, deeply implement the digital operation strategy of the full business chain, actively promote
the two-way empowerment of the systematic work platform and the business, and strive to improve the



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
capability of comprehensive financial services for institutional clients.

For investment trading business, we will continue to build platform-based and systematic investment and


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
trading capabilities, practically upgrade to the goal of mastering asset pricing rights and productization of
trading capabilities, actively build future-oriented core competitiveness, and further promote diversification
of profit models. For the equity trading business, the Group will further expand and innovate business
models, continue to improve the differentiated strategy system, enrich product varieties, optimize the market
monitoring system, consolidate core trading capabilities, actively build an integrated platform system,
comprehensively promoted the digitalization of business capacities, and improve business scale and
profitability; for FICC trading business, the Group will further develop the CAMS credit analysis management
system and the FICC large trading platform integrating investment transactions, risk management and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
performance evaluation, systematically build FICC product lines, enrich and optimize the product varieties
and structure, actively guide customer needs, and continuously enhance investment and trading capacities;
for OTC derivatives trading business, the Group will continue to optimize product structure, innovate
business models, implement digital operation transformation, strengthen the development capacities of
intelligent hedging strategy, and focus on improving the comprehensive capacities of providing financial
service to institutional customer base.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Investment management business

          1. Market environment and industry trend of investment management business

          (1) Asset management business entered into a new stage of returning to the origin with normative
          development

          With the continuous improvement of the legal system of the asset management industry, the process of de-
          channelization of asset management business, the transformation of selling financial products as per their
          net worth, and the elimination of regulatory arbitrage continues to advance. China’s asset management
          industry has embarked on a new journey of returning to its original intention of founding, standardizing
          development, and in-depth integration. The reshaping of the industry’s competitive landscape is
          accelerating. Various asset management institutions will actively seek new business development directions
          and strategic layouts, and continue to build a full-range, rich and complete product system, and investment
          strategies with a global perspective. In the context of unified supervision of the asset management industry,
          asset management institutions with a relatively high proportion of channel businesses are facing greater
          business pressure, and securities companies urgently need to transform to active management and create
          differentiated core competitiveness. According to the statistics from Asset Management Association of
          China, as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2020, the total amount of asset management business of fund
          management companies and their subsidiaries, securities companies, futures companies and private
          fund management institutions was approximately
          RMB58.99 trillion, among which, the amount of           Amount and year-on-year increase of assets
          private asset management business of securities         managed by securities firms
          companies and their subsidiaries was RMB8.55            Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                          Unit: %
          trillion. For the asset management business of                        49.56%
                                                                                           17.58
                                                                  20                                                                         50%
          large comprehensive securities companies, they                                 47.86% 16.88
                                                                                                                                             40%
          will continue to improve investment management,
          asset allocation and product creation capacities,        15                                         13.36                          30%
                                                                                 11.89
          build a professional asset management platform                                                               10.83                 20%

          to integrate high-quality business resources, fully      10                                                            8.55        10%
                                                                         7.95
          transform to seek active management and other                                                                                      0%
          ways of organic growth, and commit to providing                                          -3.98%                                    -10%
                                                                   5
                                                                                                                    -18.94%
          customers with multi-level and comprehensive
                                                                                                                                             -20%
          high-quality investment products, asset allocation                                               -20.85%           -21.05%
                                                                   0                                                                         -30%
          and overall financial solutions based on the                   2014    2015      2016     2017      2018     2019      2020
          in-depth understanding of client needs and
                                                                           Amount of assets managed by securities firms
          structural changes as well as the collaboration               Year-on-year increase in the amount of assets managed by the securities firms
          of full business chain and integrated professional      Source: Asset Management Association of China
          advantages.




058
                                                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(2) Private equity fundraising and investment amount remained sluggish with intense industry
competition and increasingly advantages of top companies

Affected by factors such as the global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the decline in macroeconomic
growth, the promulgation of new regulations on asset management, and the tightening of supervision over
private equity, the private equity market is facing severe challenges, reflected by the trend that market
funding difficulties continue to increase, and the number of investment cases continues to decline and the
scale of the financing and investment market of private equity remains low. At the same time, competition
for high-quality projects was fierce, and there was increasing advantages in top tier institutions. Market
funds were gathering to top tier institutions, which have strong professional capabilities and resource

                                                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
integration capabilities, and the industry reshuffle has intensified. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO
Research Center private placement department, in 2020, 2,600 new funds were raised in the private equity
fundraising market, with a fundraising amount of RMB940.429 billion, representing a decrease of 7.41% over
2019; and there were 3,328 investment cases in the private equity investment market, with an investment
amount of RMB679.574 billion, representing an increase of 14.41% over 2019. In the long run, with the
comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market, the multi-level market system has gradually
improved. Especially in the context of implementing the reform of the ChiNext registration-based IPO system,
the continuous improvement of the STAR market system and the implementation of the future market-wide
registration system, the capital market will play a more important role in promoting innovative capital, in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
formation of an innovative economy and other respects. There’s much room for the future growth of private
equity investment business. But the securities company’s private equity investment business will rely on


                                                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
professional investment management capabilities and the advantages of the entire business chain. We will
actively create new business features and differentiated competitive advantages, thus effectively improving
the efficiency of serving real economy.


Amount raised in private equity fundraising market                                               Investment amount in private equity investment
and year-on-year increase                                                                        market and year-on-year increase

Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                   Unit: %   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                            Unit: %




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                       9,938.18
15,000                                    14,212.67                                    100%      10,000                                                                           100%
                               76.31%                                                                                                           8,527.64
                                                                                       80%                                        65.25%                                          80%
12,000                                                                                            8,000
                                                      10,110.55 10,156.89                                                   55.82%                                  6,795.74
                                  9,960.49                                             60%                                                                                        60%
                                                                            9,404.29
                                                                                                                             6,014.13                     5,939.78
 9,000                                                                                 40%        6,000
                    45.52%                                                                                                                                                        40%
                                          42.69%
                       5,649.54                                                        20%
                                                                                                                 3,859.74                                          14.41%         20%
 6,000                                                                                            4,000   3,306.06
                                                               0.46%                                               16.75%
            3,882.43
                                                                                       0%                                                                                         0%
                                                                                                                                              -14.19%
 3,000                                                                                            2,000
                                                                        -7.41%         -20%                                                             -30.35%                   -20%

     0
                                                -28.86%                                -40%           0                                                                           -40%
             2014       2015       2016      2017      2018      2019        2020                          2014      2015      2016      2017     2018      2019     2020




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
            Amount raised in private equity fundraising market                                            Investment amount in private equity investment market
         Year-on-year increase in the amount raised in private equity fundraising market               Year-on-year increase in the investment amount in private equity investment market

Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research                                              Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                                            059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Operational measures and achievements of investment management business

          (1) Asset management business of securities companies

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, strictly
          followed the new asset management rules. Capitalizing on the advantage of full-service business chain
          resources, it focused on building a digital and ecological operation model, comprehensively improved
          investment and research capability, pricing capabilities and risk control efficiency, actively cultivated
          sustainable, high-quality, and high-value-added business models, and continuously strengthened active
          investment management capabilities to provide customers with a full life cycle, comprehensive financial
          service solutions for the entire business chain. According to the statistics from the Asset Management
          Association of China as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2020, the private asset management scale
          of Huatai Asset Management averaged RMB484.858 billion on a monthly basis, ranking the fourth in the
          industry, while its private active asset management averaged RMB264.728 billion on a monthly basis,
          ranking the fourth in the industry. According to the statistics from Wind information, the issuance scale of
          enterprises’ ABS (asset-backed securitization) of Huatai Asset Management during the Reporting Period was
          RMB93.172 billion, ranking the fourth in the industry.

          During the Reporting Period, for asset management business of securities companies, we focused on
          asset identification and risk control capabilities. Leveraging on the product design capabilities and the
          pricing advantages, we strictly controlled the quality of underlying assets, stepped up efforts in business
          innovation, actively transformed to active management, paid attention to the scale and quality of
          asset management, and continuously improved the brand effect. The collective asset management
          business developed steadily, further enriching the net worth product series. A total of 195 collective asset
          management plans were under management and the total management scale was RMB132.484 billion.
          In respect of the single asset management business, we continuously promoted business transformation
          and actively explored net worth entrusted business. Earnings were steady with regard to active investment
          management accounts. A total of 428 single asset management plans were under management and the
          total management scale was RMB308.713 billion. In respect of specialized asset management business, we
          continued to maintain its development advantage, with the issuance number and scale of enterprise asset
          securitization projects ranking in the forefront of the industry. A total of 127 specialized asset management
          plans were under management and the total management scale was RMB126.286 billion. In respect of the
          public fund management business, we actively built and enriched product lines, created net-value wealth
          management solutions for investors with different liquidity needs, issued and established 8 public funds and
          managed 17 public fund products in total with aggregated management scale of RMB24.071 billion.

          The table below sets forth the scale and income of the securities companies’ asset management business:


                                                                                                                 Currency: RMB

                                                                2020                                  2019
          Item                                 Entrusted scale         Net income        Entrusted scale         Net income
                                           (in RMB100 million) (in RMB10 thousand)   (in RMB100 million) (in RMB10 thousand)

          Collective asset
                                                         1,324.84      153,409.49                1,474.18         133,529.53
          management business

          Single asset
                                                         3,087.13       34,960.34              4,438.82           33,043.78
          management business

          Specialized asset
                                                         1,262.86        9,839.69                1,116.24            9,516.18
          management business

          Public fund
                                                           240.71        13,327.56               227.37              3,716.09
          management business

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements.




060
                                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Asset under management (AUM) and ranking                                                Asset under active management and ranking
                                             Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                 Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

 Market                                                                                  Market
 ranking           5          3          2           2        3      3         4         ranking        4               4              4               3              4
 10,000                                                                                  3,000
                                                                                                                                                                    2,647.28
                                     8,146.52 7,885.62 8,124.21                                                                                   2,522.45
                                                                                                                     2,401.87
 8,000                                                                                                                               2,264.69
                                                                                                     2,165.30
                         6,163.00                                                                             CAGR
                                                                  5,880.32               2,000
  6,000
                                                                                                              +5.15%
                                                                             4,848.58
                             CAGR


                                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                             +6.39%
  4,000       3,344.00
                                                                                         1,000

  2,000


      0                                                                                         0
                 2014        2015     2016       2017     2018     2019       2020                     2016            2017           2018            2019           2020

             AUM                                                                                    AUM

 Source: Asset Management Association of China                                          Source: Asset Management Association of China




 Issuing number and ranking of enterprise ABS                                           Issuing scale and ranking of enterprise ABS (asset-backed                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
 (asset-backed securities)                                                              securities)                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


Ranking
by number
             3          3            2          3         5        3           4         Ranking
                                                                                         by scale
                                                                                                      2          6            3        3          4           2         4
100                                                                                     1,000                                                              908.91 931.72
                                                                              84

 80                                                                73                    800
                                                                                                                                                638.58
 60         CAGR                                                                         600         CAGR




                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
            +109.27%                                                                                 +75.40%                         463.52
                                                         40
                                                37
 40                                                                                      400
                                    25                                                                                  248.55

 20                                                                                      200
                        10                                                                                    105.67
             1                                                                                      32.00
  0                                                                                         0
            2014       2015         2016       2017      2018     2019       2020                    2014       2015        2016      2017      2018         2019     2020

             Number of issuance                                                                     Issuing scale

 Source: Wind                                                                           Source: Wind




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                               061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Private equity fund management business

          During the Reporting Period, the private equity fund management business actively adapted to regulatory
          changes. The Group continuously optimized the business structure system, continued to focus on industry
          positioning, strengthened the in-depth layout of key areas, seized the opportunities arisen in the capital
          market such as the reform of the STAR Market and the ChiNext registration system, gave full play to the
          advantages of the Group as a large platform,
          actively promoted the raising of equity investment      Number and amount of investment programs with
          funds and fund of funds, so as to strengthen the        private equity investment funds
          professional development of business. As of the                                        Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold
          Investment and its secondary subsidiaries as            Number    33          64           59          40          32
          managers have filed a total of 22 private equity
                                                                  60                  56.58
          investment funds with the Asset Management
                                                                           49.20
          Association of China (AMAC), with a total               50

          subscription amount of RMB47.765 billion and a
                                                                  40
          total paid-up capital of RMB40.373 billion. During
          the Reporting Period, the above-mentioned private       30                               26.46
                                                                                                                            28.17
                                                                                                               23.52
          equity investment funds implemented a total of
                                                                  20
          32 investment projects with a total investment
          amount of RMB2,817,148,000, all of which were equity    10
          investment projects. According to the statistics of
          the AMAC, as of the fourth quarter of 2020, Huatai       0
                                                                           2016        2017        2018        2019         2020
          Purple Gold Investment ranked the second in the
                                                                           Amount of investment programs
          industry in terms of average monthly scale of
                                                                  Source: Regular reports of the Company
          private equity.


          (3) Asset management business of fund companies

          During the Reporting Period, with adherence to equal emphasis on compliance management and business
          development, fund companies under the Group actively adapted to regulatory trends and market changes,
          continued to consolidate the areas of strength, increased the proportion of equity funds, continued to
          promote business innovation, expanded business areas and optimized the layout of product lines, focused
          on improving the construction of intelligent systems, and further improving market competitiveness and
          reputation. As for asset management business of China Southern Asset Management, as of the end of
          the Reporting Period, the total assets managed by China Southern Asset Management amounted to
          RMB1,198.272 billion. Specifically, China Southern Asset Management managed a total of 233 funds in its
          mutual funds business, the total asset size of which amounted to RMB807.973 billion, and the total asset size
          of private funds business amounted to RMB390.299 billion. As for asset management by Huatai-PineBridge,
          as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets managed by Huatai-PineBridge amounted to
          RMB185.443 billion. Specifically, Huatai-PineBridge managed a total of 77 funds in its mutual funds business,
          the total asset size of which amounted to RMB162.289 billion, and the total asset size of private funds
          business amounted to RMB23.154 billion. (The profit or loss from equity investments of China Southern Asset
          Management and Huatai-PineBridge were included under other segments in the segment report).

          (4) Asset management business of futures companies

          During the Reporting Period, complying with the industry supervision trend, Huatai Futures, a holding
          subsidiary of the Group, focused on improving compliance and risk control management, actively built a
          diversified business system, promoted the transformation to active management business, technology
          empowerment, the digital operation system, so as to continuously improve its professional services and
          intelligent management and secure rapid growth in business scale. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
          Huatai Futures managed a total of 26 asset management plans which were in the duration period. The total
          asset management scale was RMB1,846,227,500, and the futures equity scale was RMB440,313,500.




062
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(5) Alternative investment business

The Group carried out alternative investment business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai
Innovative Investment. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Innovative Investment continued to improve
its internal management system and mechanism, focused on fintech equity investment and the co-
investment business of the STAR Market, and steadily explored the co-investment business of the ChiNext
and the strategic placement business of the NEEQ according to regulatory requirements and business
layout. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 27 subsisting investment projects with an investment
scale of RMB1,209.3546 million. The investment attributes include co-investment on the STAR Market, equity
investment and asset management plan investment.


                                                                                                                          About Us
3. Prospect of investment management business for 2021

The investment management business provides a professional platform for the Group’s financial product
innovation and client asset management. It plays the dual strategic roles of asset manager and product
supplier, and shoulders the mission of building a competitive financial product line and assisting in the
transformation of wealth management. In 2021, the Group will fully rely on the resource advantage of the full
business chain to create a diversified product system to meet the differentiated needs of clients, expand
the scale of quality and influential products and businesses, actively build new advantages in investment



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
management business and continuously strengthen its leading position in the industry.

The asset management business of securities companies will comprehensively strengthen the professional


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
capabilities of compliance and risk control, coordinate the resources of the entire business chain, focus on
technological empowerment, and allow digital transformation to drive the reshaping of the business system
and the management processes, and actively promote the development of business platforms; deeply
explore the needs of internal customers, secure more external customers, systematically build and enrich
the product system, optimize the business structure, enhance differentiated asset acquisition capabilities
and asset pricing capabilities, in order to comprehensively improve active investment management
capabilities and investment performance, and to consolidate market positions and brand value.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
In respect of private equity fund management business, we will grasp the opportunities of capital market
reform, give full play to the business advantages of the whole industry chain of the Group, rely on its good
management capability and historical results, combine the resource allocation of various funds such as
industrial funds, M&A funds, and parent funds, as well as the investment and research advantages of key
industries, continuously increase its investment efforts, and actively create first-class industry influence;
we will continue to improve the construction of digital systems, and accelerate the digital transformation
of work processes and realize the unified operation and management of funds through systemization,
platformization and digitization.

In respect of the asset management business of fund companies, we will continue to enhance risk
prevention and control and talent team building, continuously optimize investment decision-making and
linkage mechanisms, continue to promote new business exploration and new product development, actively



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
expand market and customer service boundary, increase efforts in the reform of Fintech to lead business
development and management, and strive to enhance investment research professional capabilities
to effectively enhance our overall asset management scale, and vigorously improve our investment



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
performance.

In respect of the asset management business of futures companies, we will, on the basis of strengthened
internal management and compliance risk control, implement the full business chain development
strategies, continuously promote all-dimensional collaboration, vigorously promote the construction of a
systematic platform, enhance the quality of Fintech services, actively explore diversified active management
development models, and continue to build core competitiveness in investment management.

In respect of alternative investment business, we will constantly improve investment management and
business development model, continuously optimize business operation procedures, actively seize investment
opportunities, and prudently promote the development of equity investment, the co-investment of the STAR
Market, and other new businesses, and steadily improve capital usage efficiency and return on assets.




                                                                                                                 063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) International business

          1. Market environment and industry trend of international business

          (1) The two-way opening up of capital market accelerated the internationalization of securities
          industry, and clients’ demand for cross-border services promoted the international service
          capabilities of securities companies

          With the removal of restrictions on the proportion of foreign ownership in the securities industry, the
          optimization of the Shanghai-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism, the expansion of the
          Shanghai-London Stock Connect business, the improvement of QFII and RQFII system rules, the inclusion of
          A-shares in important overseas market indexes and its increased weight and the improvement of domestic
          securities investment management requirements on foreign institutional investors, the interconnection
          between domestic and foreign markets has been increased, forming a new pattern of high-level two-
          way opening of the capital market, and in return bringing historic and major opportunities for the
          development of the securities industry and the internationalization of securities companies will also further
          advance. Currently, as clients’ demands for cross-border integrated financial services are growing, and
          the global asset allocation continues to increase, international business has become a front field for large
          securities companies to expand development space, increase new profit growth points and promote
          business structure upgrading. Securities companies should seize the new opportunities for capital market
          development brought about by the all-round opening up, give full play to their professional and customer
          resource advantages, build a platform for synergistic resources at home and abroad, establish long-term
          cross-border linkage mechanisms and internal collaborative incentive mechanisms, and continuously
          improve cross-border customer service. While meeting the needs of the real economy with multiple
          varieties, cross-regional global resource layout and asset allocation, we should enhance international
          operation and management capabilities.

          (2) Good growth momentum of the “independent” channel of the US wealth management industry is
          favorable for the long-term development of the TAMP market

          From the perspective of the overall industry development, the current wealth management industry in the US
          mainly consists of the “independent” channel (registered investment advisors, hybrid and the independent
          broker-dealers, insurance broker-dealers etc.) and the “traditional” channel (national and regional broker-
          dealers, bank broker-dealers and wirehouse advisors, etc.). In the wealth management industry, the
          market share of the “independent” channel grows faster than that of the “traditional” channel and such
          trend sustains. According to the statistics of PriceMetrix, 69% of the investment advisors’ revenue came
          from management fees in 2019, which was a record level relative to commissions. From the perspective of
          business development trend, the funds from investors are being transferred to investment products with
          lower cost and fees. The TAMP industry can keep empowering and fueling the wealth management business
          through leading Fintech development, which can bring the cost advantage of scale to customers and help
          them grasp booming development opportunities. According to the statistics of Cerulli Associates, from
          2014 to 2019, the CAGR of the TAMP market was 11.4%, which was significantly higher than that of the overall
          investment advisory market, which was 4.8% for the same period.

          2. Operational measures and achievements of international business

          During the Reporting Period, as the Group’s holding platform for international business, Huatai International
          was fully integrated into the full business chain system of the Group. It enhanced the cross-border linkage
          of resources and deeply promoted the construction of cross-border financial product platform, so as to
          provide a full range of cross-border integrated financial services for domestic and foreign customers. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, total asset size of Huatai International exceeded HK$100 billion, ranking
          it among the first class of Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong with its comprehensive strength
          continuing to improve.




064
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(1) Business in Hong Kong

Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) adhered to the original business of the brokerage firm, with cross-
border business as the starting point, built a comprehensive sales and transaction business platform to
provide systematic financial services for institutions, individuals and corporate customers; and completed
the integration of existing business lines during the Reporting Period to form a business platform system
including fixed income business platform, equity business platform, personal financial platform, fund
platform and flagship investment banking business. The number of newly opened institutional accounts
and individual investors have both increased significantly. For the investment banking business, the Group
has leveraged the advantages of domestic and foreign integration and cross-border linkage, to broaden


                                                                                                                            About Us
financing channels for customers, and provide domestic and foreign equity and bond services; for FICC
business, the Group has actively built a business collaborative development system and is committed to
platform-based business development. At the same time, with the goal of de-directionalization, the Group
has reduced the impact of market volatility, continued to improve the ability of investment management,
and provided overseas financial products for domestic and foreign investors; for the equity derivatives
business, the Group has utilized the advantages of the Group platform to provide customers with domestic
and overseas multi-asset varieties, and comprehensive financial services of the entire business chain; for
the stock sales and transactions business, the Group has provided one-stop cross-border comprehensive
financial services for domestic and foreign institutional investors. During the Reporting Period, the business


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
strategy of focusing on cash stock transactions, Synthetic transactions and QFII transactions has achieved
fruitful results, making the Group the first batch of brokers to participate in all types and scenarios of QFII/


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
RQFII lending and borrowing transactions; for retail and online financial businesses, the Group has actively
promoted the online technology platform “Zhangle Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) to achieve platform-based large-
scale customer acquisition, and continuously improved customer loyalty and value realization, building a
wealth management platform that serves global Chinese communities; for the private wealth management
business, the Group has intensified its effort in product development, actively carried out product sales,
deepened domestic and foreign cooperation, and made full use of the advantages of the Group’s customer
system to provide comprehensive financial services throughout the life cycle; for the fund business, the
Group has continued to implement the “investment linkage” ( 投投聯動 ) policy, obtained high-quality project




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
resources, promoted the setting up of the fund of invested projects, and established two major private
equity funds of the Greater Bay Area Fund and the China Concept Stock Return Fund; in respect of asset
management business, the Group continued to strengthen cross-border linkages at home and abroad,
actively developed asset management products to provide clients with investment portfolio and fund
management services and constantly optimized client asset allocation.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) maintained healthy and balanced
business development. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) had
a paid-in capital of HK$8.8 billion, and such capital scale was among the forefront of the industry in Hong
Kong. As for securities trading, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) achieved the total assets under
custody of HK$58.382 billion and the total stocks trading volume of HK$151.900 billion; as for advising on



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
securities, it provided research reports and advisory services for customers; as for advising on corporate
finance, it participated in 23 IPO projects and 43 bond issue projects with the total amount of trading
and issuance of about HK$40.196 billion, and continued to maintain its dominant position in the GDR field




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
and took the lead in completing the issuance of Yangtze Power and CPIC project at the same time; as
for financing for securities deposits, the accumulated credit amount was HK$1.756 billion; as for providing
assets management, it achieved a total amount of funds under custody of HK$581.814 billion (including the
scale of funds under custody of AssetMark). Besides, during the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings
(Hong Kong) also completed 8 financial advisory projects. In December 2020, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
Kong) became the first Asian financial institution to obtain the qualification of LSE to be a market maker.




                                                                                                                   065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) AssetMark                                           Assets on Platform (AoP) of AssetMark

                                                                                                                   Unit: US$100 million
          AssetMark’s mission is to make a difference in
                                                                     800                                                          745.20
          the lives of independent investment advisors
          and the investors they serve. The highlights of                                                         616.08
          AssetMark’s core business include fully integrated         600
                                                                             CAGR
                                                                             +23.29%
          platform with compelling technology, personalised                                          448.55
                                                                                           424
          and scalable services and curated investment
                                                                     400
                                                                             322.51
          function. Such clear business strategies guided
          AssetMark to define its short-term and long-term
                                                                     200
          goals. AssetMark designs and aligns its strategies
          to things that matter most to advisors and that
          differentiate it in the TAMP marketplace. According          0
                                                                              2016        2017        2018         2019           2020
          to Cerulli Associates and other public information,
          as of the end of the third quarter of 2020,                      AoP

          AssetMark’s market share in the US TAMP industry        Source: Regular reports of the Company

          was 11.0%, ranking the third in the industry.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total platform assets of AssetMark reached USD74.520 billion,
          representing an increase of approximately 20.96% from the end of 2019; the AssetMark platform served an
          aggregate of 8,454 independent investment advisors, representing an increase of approximately 6.23%
          from the end of 2019; the total investor households served by the AssetMark platform reached nearly 187,000,
          representing an increase of approximately 15.03% from the end of 2019. During the Reporting Period, 743
          independent investment advisors signed new contracts with AssetMark.




                                                                                                              Technology Platform

                                                                                                  Compelling and fully integrated
                                                                                                  platform designed to reduce costs
                                                                                                  and streamline processes while
          Investment Solutions
                                                                                                  supporting the adviser and investor
          Thoroughly vetted sets of solutions                                                     lifecycle
          from leading third-party asset
                                                                                                                    Adviser Service
          managers, strategists and in-house
          investment management team                                                              Highly tenured sales, service and
          provides optionality, streamlines
                                                         AssetMark                                operations professionals support
          work and maximizes advisers’ time                                                       advisers across their business
                                                        Service Platform
          with their clients




          Compliance Support
                                                                                                                             Custody
          AssetMark provides advisers with
          compliance support through                                                              Open architecture custodial

          portfolio monitoring and risk                                                           platform provides flexibility

          profiling tools that help mitigate risk




          (3) Huatai Securities (USA)

          With the US broker-dealer license approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities
          (USA) was eligible to conduct broker-dealer business in the US in 2019, including securities underwriting,
          securities brokerage for institutional investors, M&A and financial advisory, etc., and in 2020, it obtained
          qualification for proprietary trading, further expanding its business qualifications. During the Reporting




066
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Period, Huatai Securities (U.S.) continued to improve its system and platform construction to introduce US
institutional investors, focused on consulting, securities distribution and trading businesses. Upon these
measures, online cross-border stock trading platforms have been put into operation, investment banking
continued to be promoted, and the cross-border linkage and coordination mechanism of U.S. domestic
businesses and domestic and Hong Kong businesses has been continuously optimized, and business
development has achieved good results.

3. Prospect of international business for 2021

International business shoulders the strategic mission of deepening cross-border development of the full
business chain as well as the key to expanding room for development and creating new profit growth.
The Group firmly promotes the deepening of international strategic layout. In 2021, the Group will seize                   About Us
the strategic opportunity of the accelerated two-way opening-up of the capital market, deepen the
cross-border integrated management mechanism, strengthen the effective linkage of teams, platforms
and resources, continuously expand the size of cross-border customers and business scale, optimize
the structure of assets and liabilities and the revenue structure and comprehensively enhance the
competitiveness and influence of international business.

Huatai International will enhance the resource integration function of the international business holding



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
platform, continue to improve the risk internal control system, further promote fintech empowerment, focus
on promoting the integrated construction of cross-border management and control, continuously improve
the business platform system, closely focus on customers’ needs for financial services, strengthen the cross-


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
border linkage of the full business chain resources in different categories and levels, improve professional
service system and service capabilities, and deeply expand room and potential for the development of
international business.

Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) will continue to focus on customer needs and provide customers
with one-stop financial services through implementing business strategies such as domestic and overseas
integration, equity and debt integration, complementation of institutional business and retail business, and
first-level and second-level linkage. For investment banking business, the Group will utilize the advantages




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
of domestic and foreign integration and A+H+GDR listing experience to strengthen the linkage between
domestic and foreign teams, and concentrate resources to promote project development; for FICC business,
the Group will seize market opportunities to bring out its professional advantages, and achieve cross-
border two-way business development to provide customers with one-stop services; for equity derivatives
business, it will continue to enrich product varieties, build a financial product platform that spans domestic
and foreign markets, and meet customers’ needs for cross-border financial services; for stock sales and
trading business, the Group will focus on the development of prime brokerage (PB) business to increase the
coverage and penetration rate of institutional customers; for retail and online financial business, the Group
will continue to improve the function of “Zhangle Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ), and carry out hierarchical marketing
of customers to improve customer development efficiency; for private wealth management business, it will
focus on customer needs, strengthen domestic and foreign cooperation, increase product development



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
and release, and continue to improve product and service capabilities; for fund business, it will actively
introduce third-party funds, give full play to its professional design and execution capabilities in investment
and financing products, and increase return on capital by improving asset distribution capabilities; for the



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
asset management business, it will strengthen coordination and cooperation, to fully tap the advantages of
business resources, strengthen investment research capabilities, thus effectively meeting the needs of asset
management business.

AssetMark will apply its corporate values to all aspects of business development in adherence to its
core strategy, holding onto the core business highlights, continue to build an integrated technology
platform, improve customizable and scaled services, and strengthen advanced investment management
capabilities. AssetMark will continue to deepen cooperation with the existing investment advisors,
increase platform assets, and further expand the investment consulting customer base by leveraging
sales techniques. AssetMark will actively expand relevant customer channels, including small registered
investment advisory (RIA) channels, bank trust channels, insurance business channels, etc., strive to promote
scale-based business, focus on increasing the scale of business under custody, and actively optimize the




                                                                                                                  067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          overall operating environment while promoting the implementation of responsibilities of public companies.
          In addition, AssetMark will continue to focus on high-quality strategic M&A opportunities to promote
          extensive growth.

          Huatai Securities (USA) will further improve the team building and infrastructure construction, continuously
          expand its customer base and service scope for international institutions, continuously maintain the
          business relationship with US institutional investors and provide all-dimensional services to meet their
          demands for asset allocation. Meanwhile, it will strengthen the linkage and collaboration with domestic and
          Hong Kong business teams, fully tap into new business opportunities, actively develop new products and
          consistently open up space for business development.


          (V) Business innovation and its effects on the Company’s business performance,
          future development and risk control

          During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly conducted business innovation activities, promoted
          the innovation of new businesses, new products, services and management modes, and constantly
          improved its innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing
          product lines and business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources
          and revenue sources, enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model,
          meet customers’ full and diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

          The Company improved the new business risk assessment mechanism, strengthened the quality control
          management of the Group’s new business risk assessment and automatic control of the assessment
          process, enhanced the quality control over the implementation of the new business process and the
          implementation of the new business follow-up assessment mechanism, and boosted the effectiveness of
          the operation of the new business assessment mechanism.

          The Company actively responded to the reform of the ChiNext Market. For the relaxing of restrictions on
          growth and decline, being subjects of margin financing and securities lending on the first trading day
          after listing and other changes, the Company comprehensively analyzed the risks and impacts on margin
          financing and securities lending and the stock pledge business, studied and improved concentration
          restrictions on the ChiNext Market, margin call and mandatory liquidation mechanism, risk tracking and
          back-tracing mechanism and other risk prevention measures to ensure that all businesses could be carried
          out constantly and steadily on the premise that related risks are measurable, controllable and bearable.

          The Company actively promoted the construction of integrated platform “Securities Lending Path”（ 融
          券通）. Through comprehensive analysis of major risks in all links in the platform construction and business
          scenarios, the Company studied and designed the risk management and control mechanism ancillary to
          businesses covering all links such as access, trading and operation to guarantee the stable and orderly
          operation of the integrated business and platform.

          The Company actively promoted the transformation of wealth management and obtained the first pilot
          qualification as a brokerage firm for fund investment advisory services. The Company established and
          perfected its business management system and specially formulated business compliance and risk
          management measures, and established an integrated front, middle and back risk control mechanism
          covering multi-level division of labor, centralized and unified decision-making, front-end control of key
          indicators, multi-person review of important links, real-time monitoring and disposal of business operations,
          and regular verification and evaluation to ensure the smooth launch of business.




068
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

As of December 31, 2020, on a consolidated basis, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB716,751,235
thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.49%; total equity attributable to shareholders of the
Company amounted to RMB129,071,500 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.33%; total
revenue and other income amounted to RMB40,534,436 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase
of 24.96%; and profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB10,822,497
thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.23%.



                                                                                                                             About Us
(I) MAIN BUSINESSES ANALYSIS
1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow statement

                                                                              Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                  Amount for               Amount for
                                                  the current         the same period               Change
Item                                                   period              of last year      percentage (%)

Total revenue and other income                    40,534,436                 32,436,781                   24.96


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Total expenses                                   (31,233,707)              (23,577,265)                    32.47



                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Profit before income tax                           13,504,376                 11,585,965                   16.56

Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                   10,822,497                 9,001,644                    20.23
shareholders of the Company

Net cash used in operating activities            (13,868,924)               (3,594,637)                  285.82

Net cash used in investing activities            (13,451,545)               (3,943,473)                    241.11




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Net cash generated from financing
                                                  26,850,070                 35,669,120                  (24.72)
activities

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
                                                   (470,399)                  28,131,010                (101.67)
cash equivalents



2. Income and other gains

As of December 31, 2020, the Group recorded income and other gains of RMB40,534 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of 24.96%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in fee and commission
income and interest income, in which:



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(1) Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year increase of 41.86% to RMB18,458 million,
accounting for 45.54%, mainly due to the increase in commission income from brokerage business and




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
charges income from investment banking business.

(2) Interest income recorded a year-on-year increase of 26.27% to RMB10,964 million, accounting for 27.05%,
mainly due to the increase in the Group’s income from margin financing and securities lending business.

(3) Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 10.67% to RMB10,160 million, accounting for
25.06%, mainly due to the increase in revenue from the Group’s investment business.

(4) Other income and gains recorded a year-on-year decrease of 39.01% to RMB953 million, accounting for
2.35%, mainly due to the increase in exchange losses.




                                                                                                                    069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                     2020                        2019                Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                               Amount         Ratio       Amount          Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Fee and commission income           18,457,811     45.54%      13,011,269      40.11%      5,446,542         41.86%

          Interest income                    10,963,881      27.05%     8,682,693       26.77%        2,281,188        26.27%

          Net investment gains                10,159,587     25.06%      9,179,944      28.30%         979,643         10.67%

          Other income and gains                953,157       2.35%      1,562,875       4.82%       (609,718)       (39.01)%

          Total revenue and other
                                            40,534,436      100.00%     32,436,781      100.00%      8,097,655         24.96%
          income


          3. Total expenses

          As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s total expenses were RMB31,234 million, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 32.47%, mainly due to the increase in staff costs and interest expenses, in which:

          (1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB4,849 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
          30.23%, mainly due to the increase in expenses from securities brokerage business.

          (2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB8,359 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.40%, mainly
          due to the increase in the relevant finance costs during the Reporting Period as a result of the larger debt
          financing scale as compared to the same period of last year.

          (3) Staff costs amounted to RMB10,404 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.23%, mainly due
          to the increase in accrued staff costs as a result of the income growth in the Group.

          (4) Other expenses mainly include depreciation and amortisation expenses, tax and surcharges as well as
          (reversal of)/provision for asset impairment loss and other operating expenses.


                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                     2020                        2019                Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                                Amount         Ratio        Amount        Ratio         Amount          Ratio

          Fee and commission
                                             (4,849,322)      15.53%     (3,723,642)     15.79%       (1,125,680)      30.23%
          expenses

          Interest expenses                  (8,358,703)     26.76%       (6,561,019)    27.83%      (1,797,684)       27.40%

          Staff cost                        (10,403,649)      33.31%     (7,693,154)     32.63%      (2,710,495)       35.23%

          Depreciation and
                                              (1,341,384)     4.29%       (1,197,068)     5.08%         (144,316)      12.06%
          amortisation expenses

          Tax and surcharges                   (209,157)      0.67%        (151,890)      0.64%         (57,267)       37.70%

          Other operating expenses           (4,765,630)      15.26%     (3,533,560)     14.99%      (1,232,070)       34.87%

          Impairment loss on financial
                                              (1,306,208)      4.18%       (719,549)      3.05%       (586,659)        81.53%
          assets

          Other asset impairment (loss)/
                                                     346           -            2,617    (0.01)%           (2,271)   (86.78)%
          reversal

          Total expenses                     (31,233,707)   100.00%     (23,577,265)    100.00%     (7,656,442)        32.47%




070
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
4. Analysis of income and other gains and expenses

(1) Analysis of segment income and other gains
                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                       Percentage of                    Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                       total segment Segment income     total segment in percentage of total
                    Segment income income and other and other gains income and other        segment income
                     and other gains     gains for the  for the same      gains for the   and other gains as
                      for the current current period    period of last same period of compared to the same
Business segment               period              (%)           year     last year (%)    period of last year

Wealth                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                                               Increase of 4.45
management               19,477,433            48.05         14,143,760            43.60
                                                                                             percentage points
business

Institutional                                                                                    Increase of 0.16
                          10,524,711            25.96        8,367,659             25.80
services business                                                                              percentage point

Investment
                                                                                              Decrease of 3.43
management                4,070,097             10.04        4,367,993              13.47

                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                             percentage points
business



                                                                                                                               and Strategies
International                                                                                    Increase of 1.21
                          5,550,607             13.69         4,048,517             12.48
business                                                                                     percentage points

Others (including                                                                             Decrease of 2.39
                            911,588              2.26         1,508,852             4.65
offset)                                                                                      percentage points


During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded income and other gains of
RMB40,534,436 thousand in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.96%. Among the principal




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
business segments, income and other gains from wealth management, institutional services, investment
management and international business increased year-on-year by RMB5,333,673 thousand, RMB2,157,052
thousand, RMB-297,896 thousand and RMB1,502,090 thousand, respectively.

In terms of income structure, the business structure of the Group has continued to be optimized. The income
from wealth management business accounted for 48.05% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase
in proportion of 4.45 percentage points, mainly because the Group’s margin financing and securities lending
recorded significant increase and the business transformation continued to advance due to the active
trading of the stock market for the whole year; the income from international business accounted for 13.69%
of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase in proportion of 1.21 percentage points, mainly attributable
to the improved results of Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) and the good performance of AssetMark;



                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
benefited from the good performance of the investment and trading business and the effectiveness of
institutional integration services, the institutional service business contributed 25.96% of the Group’s revenue;
and due to the forward-looking layout of the Group’s private equity investment and innovation investment




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
in big health and technology industries, the investment management business contributed 10.04% of the
Group’s revenue.




                                                                                                                        071
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Statement of analysis on segment expenses
                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                               Percentage of                     Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                               total segment        Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                                     Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                              expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
          Business segment      current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

          Wealth
                                                                                                         Increase of 2.85
          management              (14,213,154)            45.51    (10,057,458)           42.66
                                                                                                       percentage points
          business

          Institutional                                                                                  Decrease of 1.96
                                  (6,426,891)            20.58      (5,314,444)           22.54
          services business                                                                            percentage points

          Investment
                                                                                                         Decrease of 0.44
          management               (1,756,231)             5.62     (1,429,079)            6.06
                                                                                                        percentage point
          business

          International                                                                                   Increase of 0.21
                                  (5,290,461)             16.94     (3,945,267)            16.73
          business                                                                                      percentage point

          Others (including                                                                              Decrease of 0.66
                                 (3,546,970)               11.35     (2,831,017)            12.01
          offset)                                                                                       percentage point

          In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, expenses of
          wealth management business segment increased by 2.85 percentage points, mainly due to the increase in
          fee expenses of brokerage business and interest expenses; expenses of international business increased by
          0.21 percentage point while expenses of institutional services business segment and investment management
          business segment decreased by 1.96 percentage points and 0.44 percentage point, respectively.

          5. Cash flow
                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                                   Amount for the         Amount of         Percentage of
                                                 Amount for the     same period          increase or           increase or
          Item                                    current period     of last year          decrease          decrease (%)

          Net cash used in operating
                                                  (13,868,924)        (3,594,637)       (10,274,287)                 285.82
          activities

          Net cash used in investing
                                                   (13,451,545)       (3,943,473)        (9,508,072)                   241.11
          activities

          Net cash generated from
                                                    26,850,070         35,669,120        (8,819,050)                 (24.72)
          financing activities

          Net (decrease)/increase in cash
                                                     (470,399)          28,131,010      (28,601,409)                (101.67)
          and cash equivalents


          During the Reporting Period, the net decrease of cash and cash equivalent of the Group was RMB470,399
          thousand, in which:

          (1) Net cash used in operating activities was RMB13,868,924 thousand, mainly due to the increase in credit
          business scale.

          (2) Net cash used in investing activities was RMB13,451,545 thousand, mainly due to the increased investment
          scale in financial products.

          (3) Net cash generated from financing activities was RMB26,850,070 thousand, mainly because the issuance
          size of GDRs for the last year was larger while there is none of equity financing during the current year in
          terms of equity financing.




072
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
6. Detailed description of significant changes in components or sources of the Group’s profit

                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                             Amount for       Amount for
                             the current the same period     Year-on-year
Item                              period      of last year     change (%)                         Principal reason

Total revenue and other                                                       Increase in fee and commission
                            40,534,436         32,436,781          24.96
gains                                                                       income and net investment gains

                                                                            Increase in interest expenses, staff


                                                                                                                                 About Us
Total expenses              (31,233,707)    (23,577,265)            32.47      costs and fee and commission
                                                                                                     expenses

                                                                                 Increase in total revenue and
Operating profit              9,300,729         8,859,516            4.98
                                                                                                     other gains

                                                                                 Increase in total revenue and
Profit before income tax     13,504,376        11,585,965           16.56
                                                                                                     other gains

                                                                                 Increase in total revenue and


                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Profit for the year          10,870,446         9,057,213           20.02
                                                                                                     other gains

Among which: profit for

                                                                                                                               and Strategies
the year attributable                                                            Increase in total revenue and
                             10,822,497         9,001,644           20.23
to shareholders of the                                                                               other gains
Company

                                                                               Increase in cash held on behalf
Total assets                 716,751,235     562,180,638            27.49     of brokerage clients and margin
                                                                                          accounts receivable




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                                                                 Increase in accounts payable
Total liabilities          584,439,200      436,525,930            33.88        to brokerage clients and other
                                                                                                      liabilities

Total shareholders’
                             132,312,035     125,654,708             5.30           Profit retention for the year
equity




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                        073
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position

          1. General Description of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                           Unit: Thousand Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                       As at December 31, 2020   As at December 31, 2019         Increase/decrease
          Item
                                           Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio           Amount              Ratio

          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment          5,014,084     0.70%       4,668,116      0.83%           345,968              7.41%

          Investment properties            408,338      0.06%        527,089       0.09%           (118,751)       (22.53)%

          Goodwill                       2,260,945      0.32%       2,333,862      0.42%            (72,917)          (3.12)%

          Other intangible assets        5,276,069      0.74%        5,711,457     1.02%         (435,388)           (7.62)%

          Interest in associates          17,691,161    2.47%      14,974,547      2.66%           2,716,614           18.14%

          Interest in joint ventures      1,641,846     0.23%        664,458       0.12%           977,388           147.10%

          Debt investment at
                                         19,230,660     2.68%      15,128,953      2.69%           4,101,707           27.11%
          amortised cost

          Financial assets at fair
          value through other             14,401,106     2.01%      11,232,633     2.00%          3,168,473           28.21%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or        9,229,523       1.29%     6,966,333       1.24%          2,263,190          32.49%
          loss

          Refundable deposits           24,763,790      3.46%      12,653,540      2.25%          12,110,250          95.71%

          Deferred tax assets              339,502      0.05%        202,825       0.04%            136,677          67.39%

          Other non-current assets         283,320      0.02%        260,669       0.05%             22,651           8.69%

          Total non-current assets      100,540,344     14.03%    75,324,482      13.40%         25,215,862          33.48%

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable             9,095,561      1.27%       5,511,168     0.98%         3,584,393           65.04%

          Other receivables and
                                           1,131,408     0.16%        880,271      0.16%             251,137         28.53%
          prepayments

          Margin accounts
                                        102,574,007     14.31%    69,006,280      12.27%        33,567,727           48.64%
          receivable

          Debt investment at
                                          11,180,848     1.56%      4,610,805      0.82%         6,570,043          142.49%
          amortised cost

          Financial assets
          held under resale              19,536,413      2.73%     18,466,280      3.28%           1,070,133           5.80%
          agreements

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or       282,577,589    39.42%     245,829,339     43.73%        36,748,250            14.95%
          loss

          Financial assets at fair
          value through other             1,545,266     0.22%        1,125,342     0.20%            419,924           37.32%
          comprehensive income

          Derivative financial
                                          7,295,357      1.02%      1,858,041      0.33%          5,437,316         292.64%
          assets




074
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                As at December 31, 2020   As at December 31, 2019     Increase/decrease
Item
                                    Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio      Amount          Ratio

Clearing settlement
                                  6,988,396      0.98%      6,755,604       1.20%       232,792       3.45%
funds

Cash held on behalf of
                                 124,635,007     17.39%    82,959,838      14.76%     41,675,169     50.24%
brokerage clients

Cash and bank balances            49,651,039      6.91%     49,853,188      8.87%      (202,149)     (0.41)%


                                                                                                                        About Us
Total current assets             616,210,891    85.97%     486,856,156    86.60%     129,354,735     26.57%

Total assets                     716,751,235    100.00%    562,180,638    100.00%    154,570,597     27.49%

Current liabilities

Short-term bank loans             11,299,859      1.93%       5,724,131      1.31%    5,575,728       97.41%

Short-term debt
                                  43,951,388     7.52%      46,425,196     10.64%    (2,473,808)     (5.33)%
instruments issued


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Placements from other
                                   4,815,236     0.82%      11,362,598      2.60%    (6,547,362)    (57.62)%
financial institutions


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Accounts payable to
                                 136,387,634    23.34%      89,817,920    20.58%      46,569,714      51.85%
brokerage clients

Employee benefits
                                   4,156,895      0.71%      2,573,753      0.59%      1,583,142      61.51%
payable

Other payables and
                                  105,880,311    18.12%    86,836,626      19.89%    19,043,685       21.93%
accruals




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Contract liabilities                 92,366      0.02%           19,179         –         73,187    381.60%

Current tax liabilities            1,275,589     0.22%         388,154      0.09%       887,435     228.63%

Financial assets sold
under repurchase                 139,899,968    23.94%     109,719,045     25.13%     30,180,923      27.51%
agreements

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or           12,196,234     2.09%      4,689,620       1.07%      7,506,614    160.07%
loss




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Derivative financial
                                  13,398,830     2.29%       1,278,399      0.29%      12,120,431   948.09%
liabilities

Long-term bonds due
                                  11,428,893      1.95%      14,716,533     3.37%    (3,287,640)    (22.34)%



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
within one year

Total current liabilities        484,783,203    82.95%     373,551,154     85.57%     111,232,049    29.78%

Net current assets               131,427,688          -    113,305,002          -     18,122,686      15.99%

Total assets less current
                                 231,968,032          -   188,629,484           -    43,338,548      22.98%
liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                  85,624,295      14.65%    49,899,825       11.43%   35,724,470       71.59%




                                                                                                               075
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2020   As at December 31, 2019      Increase/decrease
          Item
                                              Amount        Ratio       Amount        Ratio       Amount           Ratio

          Long-term bank loans                475,414      0.08%        850,997       0.19%      (375,583)      (44.13)%

          Non-current employee
                                             6,974,615      1.19%     6,360,633       1.46%        613,982        9.65%
          benefits payable

          Deferred tax liabilities          2,545,647      0.44%      2,566,800       0.59%         (21,153)     (0.82)%

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or            3,185,296     0.55%      2,690,563       0.62%        494,733        18.39%
          loss

          Other payables and
                                              850,730       0.14%       605,958       0.14%        244,772       40.39%
          accruals

          Total non-current
                                           99,655,997      17.05%     62,974,776     14.43%      36,681,221      58.25%
          liabilities

          Net assets                       132,312,035   100.00%     125,654,708    100.00%      6,657,327        5.30%

          Shareholders’ equity

          Share capital                     9,076,650      6.86%      9,076,650       7.22%               –            –

          Treasury share                   (1,626,546)    (1.23)%              –          –     (1,626,546)            –

          Reserves                         92,622,778     70.00%      90,282,418     71.85%      2,340,360        2.59%

          Retained profits                  28,998,618     21.92%      23,178,411    18.45%      5,820,207         25.11%

          Total equity attributable
          to shareholders of the           129,071,500    97.55%     122,537,479     97.52%       6,534,021       5.33%
          Company

          Non-controlling interests         3,240,535      2.45%        3,117,229     2.48%        123,306        3.96%

          Total shareholders’
                                           132,312,035   100.00%     125,654,708    100.00%      6,657,327        5.30%
          equity




          As of December 31, 2020, total non-current assets of the Group amounted to RMB100,540 million, representing
          an increase of RMB25,216 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
          increase of RMB12,110 million in refundable deposits, and the increase in debt investment at amortised
          cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss of RMB4,102 million, RMB3,168 million and RMB2,263 million, respectively, as compared
          to the beginning of the year. As of December 31, 2020, total non-current liabilities of the Group amounted to
          RMB99,656 million, representing an increase of RMB36,681 million as compared to the beginning of the year,
          which was mainly due to the increase in long-term bonds of RMB35,724 million.

          As of December 31, 2020, total current assets of the Group amounted to RMB616,211 million, representing
          an increase of RMB129,355 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
          increase in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients of RMB41,675 million. As of December 31, 2020, total
          current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB484,783 million, representing an increase of RMB111,232 million
          as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in accounts payable to
          brokerage clients of RMB46,570 million, the increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
          and other payables and accruals of RMB30,181 million and RMB19,044 million, respectively.




076
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period

As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB160,534,113 thousand,
including cash and bank balances, margin accounts receivable, financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, and debt investment at
amortised cost. Except for the above assets, no prime assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen,
mortgaged or pledged so that they could or could not be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts
only under a certain condition. There was no circumstance or arrangement under which the prime assets
were occupied, used or benefited or the disposal of them was limited.

3. Description of changes in the measurement of assets measured at fair value and prime assets
                                                                                                                                   About Us
Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation
techniques used include market approach, income approach and cost approach.


                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period is
as follows:

                                                                                      Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB          and Strategies
Item                                              Impact on profit for 2020              Impact on profit for 2019

Financial assets at fair value
                                                                  5,633,455                                 3,948,813
through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                  (954,692)                                 (451,295)
through profit or loss

Derivative financial instruments                                (7,426,886)                                 (1,440,211)

Total                                                            (2,748,124)                               2,057,306




4. Structure and quality of assets

As of December 31, 2020, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB132,312 million, representing




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
an increase of RMB6,657 million or 5.30% as compared to that of the end of 2019, which was mainly due to
the effects of profit retention plus the distribution of dividends and share repurchase by the Group during
the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
The asset structure of the Group continued to optimize and our assets quality and liquidity remained
sound. As of December 31, 2020, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB716,751 million, representing
an increase of RMB154,571 million or 27.49% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash
and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds amounted
to RMB181,274 million, accounting for 25.29% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable amounted to
RMB102,574 million, accounting for 14.31% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
amounted to RMB291,807 million, accounting for 40.71% of the total assets; debt investment at amortisation
cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to RMB46,358
million, accounting for 6.47% of the total assets; property and equipment, investment properties and other
intangible assets accounted for 1.49% of the total assets. Most of the assets have strong cashability. The
Group’s assets have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.




                                                                                                                          077
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Group’s debt-to-assets ratio has increased. As of December 31, 2020, the
          liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB584,439 million, representing an increase of RMB147,913 million or
          33.88%, mainly due to the increase in securities brokerage services. The debt-to-assets ratio was 77.20%
          (excluding the impact of customer funds), representing an increase of 3.80 percentage points as compared
          to the beginning of the year. During the Reporting Period, the structure of the liabilities of the Group has
          been adjusted. Long-term bonds increased by RMB35,724 million as compared to the beginning of the year,
          and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements increased by RMB30,181 million as compared to the
          beginning of the year.

          As of December 31, 2020, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, total principal of the placements from other financial institutions of the
          Group amounted to RMB157,595 million. Details are shown as follows:

                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                  As of December 31, 2020

          Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                                      -

          Placement from other financial institutions                                                             4,815,236

          Short-term bank loans                                                                                  11,299,859

          Short-term debt instruments issued                                                                    43,951,388

          Long-term bank loans                                                                                      475,414

          Long-term bonds                                                                                       97,053,188

          Total principal                                                                                      157,595,085


          Borrowings and debt-financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB97,529 million,
          accounting for 61.89%. Among them, programs with a financing maturity of one to two years were RMB14,354
          million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB77,004 million and those with a financing
          maturity of more than five years were RMB6,171 million. Borrowings and debt-financing with a financing
          maturity of less than one year were RMB60,066 million, accounting for 38.11%.

          As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were RMB157,120
          million. In particular, the balance of short-term bank loans was RMB11,300 million; the balance of placement
          from other financial institutions was RMB4,815 million; the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate
          was RMB20,416 million; short-term financing bonds were RMB5,007 million; the balance of corporate bonds
          was RMB101,453 million; the balance of subordinated debts was RMB7,919 million; and the balance of foreign
          debts was RMB6,210 million.

          As of December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB67,646 million, of which
          RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 83.02%.

          As of December 31, 2020, among the Group’s short-term bank loans, RMB105 million were pledge borrowings
          and RMB11,195 million were credit borrowings.

          As of December 31, 2020, all of the Group’s long-term bank loans were credit borrowings.

          5. Analysis of profitability

          In 2020, the COVID-19 epidemic has had a significant impact around the globe. The Group firmly
          implemented the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) development strategy of wealth management and institutional
          services, and enhanced its digital operation capability with technology empowerment. Its main businesses
          have been growing steadily throughout the year and its comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the
          forefront of the industry. The market rankings of the Group’s key business indicators in terms of stock fund
          trading volume and financing balance were in leading positions in the industry. The Group achieved a rapid




078
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
development in international business and its general profitability remained stable.

6. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

7. Analysis of income tax policy

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Enforcement Regulations of Corporate Income Tax Law of the

                                                                                                                                         About Us
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall
be subject to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Measures for the
Consolidated Collection of Corporate Income Tax on Trans-regional Business Operations (GJSWZJGG [2012]
No. 57) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管理辦法 > 的公告》( 國家稅務總局公告 [2012]57
號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company
enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting research and development expenses, and the
profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries
of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates applicable in their jurisdictions.



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
8. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                      In terms of financing methods, the Company has two financing channels, equity financing and
                      debt financing. In terms of financing maturity, the Company’s short-term financing channels
                      mainly included credit lending via interbank market, bond repurchasing via interbank market and
                      stock exchange market, issuing short-term financing bills, short-term corporate bonds, short-term
                      subordinated debt and income credential, carrying out income rights financing in relation to margin
Financing             financing and securities lending from banks and other financial institutions, and asset securitization,
                      etc., and the Company’s medium and long-term financing channels included issuing corporate
channels              bonds, long-term subordinated debt and equity refinancing, etc. After years of effective efforts, the
                      Company explored and established a short, medium and long-term financing platform with new
                      financing tools and multiple financing channels, which played a key role in the rapid development




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                      process of the Company’s business. At the same time, the Company can also introduce foreign
                      currency funds through the issuance of overseas bonds and medium-term notes to support its
                      business development.

                      The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for funds
                      management, it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a unified
                      way, valued by classification and monitored timely”. In terms of management and development
                      strategies, it paid attention to matching business scale with liabilities. Based on reasonable asset
                      allocation and diversified debt financing, the Company ensured reasonable matching of duration,
                      scale of assets liabilities and proper liquidity.
                      The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness
                      according to the centralized management and hierarchical prevention and control management
                      model, continuously improved and optimized a liquidity risk management system appropriate to the
                      Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk management with the preference for “steadiness
                      and safety” ( 穩健安全 ). The Company ensured no liquidity risk that would cause significant impacts



                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                      on sustainable operation, so as to fully guarantee the steady and safe development of the business
                      of the Company.
                      In order to ensure its liquidity, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including: 1)
Liquidity management constantly improving the capital planning system, strengthening the management of capital




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                      position and cash flow monitoring, and built a daytime liquidity monitoring system so as to ensure
policies and measures
                      the security of daytime liquidity; 2) strengthening the management for the matching between
                      durations of assets and liabilities and establishing high-quality current asset reserves, in order to
                      enhance the diversity and stability of financing; 3) continuously improving the liquidity management
                      platform, and achieving improved timeliness and accuracy for optimizing and identification,
                      measurement, monitoring and controlling on liquidity risks through information system, in order to
                      ensure that the liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory
                      indicators of cash flow and liquidity risk under certain stress scenarios to evaluate the tolerance
                      level of the Company for liquidity risks and analyzing the stress test results to constantly improve
                      the Company’s response capacity for liquidity risks; 5) leveraging the consolidation supervision
                      to strengthen the subsidiary liquidity risk guidance, improving the subsidiaries’ liquidity risk
                      management ability and exploring an intergroup liquidity contingency system; 6) organizing the
                      formulation, exercise and evaluation of a liquidity risk contingency plan, in order to improve the
                      Company’s emergency capacity for liquidity risks; and 7) improving the liquidity risk reporting
                      system, so as to ensure that the management is able to keep abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk
                      level and management situation.




                                                                                                                                079
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 The Company operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed sound reputation as well as
                                 strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good cooperation
                                 relationships with commercial banks, had sufficient bank credit with the credit line increasing
                                 steadily, and possessed strong short-term and medium-to-long term financing abilities. As a listed
                                 securities dealer, the Company can also meet the fund demand for long-term development by
                                 means such as equity refinancing.
                                 Taking into consideration both liquidity and profitability, the Company held a certain amount of
                                 fixed-income products. Interest rate changes will bring direct impact to the interest income of the
                                 cash and the market price and investment income of the bond investment held by the Company.
          Analysis of            Margin financing and securities lending and other capital intermediary business, corporate
                                 debt financing and other businesses which directly relate to interest rates may directly impact
          financing capability   corresponding interest income and financing interest expenses. At the same time, the Company’s
          and financing strategy stock investment was also indirectly affected by interest rate changes. In addition, as the Company
                                 has registered overseas subsidiaries whose capital is contributed in foreign currency, the Company
                                 holds foreign currency funds and assets, and the changes of exchange rate will have certain
                                 impact on the Company’s financial situation.
                                 To maintain the liquidity of the Company’s assets and rate of return, the Company's own capital was
                                 uniformly managed by Capital Operation Department in accordance with a sound management
                                 system and corresponding business processes. The Company optimized the distribution of assets
                                 and liabilities structure by timely adjusting all kinds of asset structure, strengthened the research on
                                 the interest rate and exchange rate market, and used appropriate interest rate, exchange rate and
                                 other derivative financial tools to avoid risks and reduce the influence of these factors.

          Contingencies and
          their impacts on the
                                                                                    –
          financial situation
          of the Company




          (III) Analysis of industry operation

          For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

          (IV) Analysis of investments

          1. Overall analysis of external equity investments

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, long-term equity investments of the Group amounted to RMB19.333
          billion, representing an increase of RMB3.694 billion or 23.62% as compared to RMB15.639 billion as at the
          beginning of the period. For details of the overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please
          refer to Note 25 headed “Interest in associates” and Note 26 headed “Interest in joint ventures” to the
          financial statements in this report.

          (1) The Company had no significant equity investment

          (2) The Company had no significant non-equity investment

          (3) Financial assets measured at fair value




080
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                  The changed
                                                                            Investment
                        Balance at the end     Balance at the end                                amount of fair
Item                                                                  income during the
                               of last year           of this year                             value during the
                                                                        Reporting Period
                                                                                               Reporting Period

Financial assets at
fair value through              252,795,672             291,807,112             23,777,441              5,633,455
profit or loss

Financial assets at

                                                                                                                                 About Us
fair value through
                                  12,357,975            15,946,372                 (9,281)                263,479
other comprehensive
income

Derivative financial
                                    579,642             (6,103,473)           (10,441,578)             (7,461,234)
instruments

Total                           265,733,289             301,650,011            13,326,582              (1,564,300)




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
2. Information about the use of raised funds


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
(1) Overview of the use of raised funds

① Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of A Shares

(a) Information about the use of funds raised from the Initial Public Offering of A Shares

Under the Approval for the Initial Public Offering by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No.138)
(《關於核准 华泰证券股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2010]138 號 )) issued by the CSRC, the
Company publicly issued 784,561,275 RMB denominated ordinary shares to the public on February 9, 2010,




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
each with a nominal value of RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB20.00, and the total amount of funds raised
was RMB15,691,225,500.00. The raised funds after deducting the underwriting fee and sponsoring fee of
RMB130 million were RMB15,561,225,500.00, which were all in place on February 12, 2010, and verified by Jiangsu
Talent Certified Public Accountants with the capital verification report of “Tian Heng Yan Zi (2010) No. 009”. As
of December 31, 2012, all the principal of the funds raised from the IPO were used up and the accumulative
amount of RMB15.681 billion of the raised funds (including interest of raised funds of RMB119,808,200) were
used. All of the accounts designated for the use of raised funds of the Company have been cancelled with
settlement of interests.

(b) Information about the use of funds raised from the Non-Public Issuance of A Shares




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Upon the Approval for the Non-Public Issuance of Shares by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2018] No.315) (《關於核准 华泰证券股份有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018]315 號 )) issued by the
CSRC, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB denominated ordinary shares
(A Shares) in July 2018, each with a nominal value of RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB13.05 and the total



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
amount of funds raised was RMB14,207,942,160.00. After deducting the issuing fees of RMB74,736,488.79
related to the non-public offering (including underwriting sponsorship fee, attorney fee, accountant fee,
information disclosure fee, issuance registration fee, stamp duty and other fees), the net funds raised were
RMB14,133,205,671.21, which were all in place on July 31, 2018 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with
the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No. 1800286). As of December 31, 2019, all the funds
raised from the Non-Public Issuance of the Company were used up and the accumulative amount of
RMB14,184,000,000 of the raised funds (including interest thereon) were used. Accounts designated for the
use of raised funds of the Company have been cancelled.

② Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of H Shares

Approved by the CSRC, the Company completed the issuance of H Shares in 2015. Funds raised from the




                                                                                                                        081
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          issuance of H Shares were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP, and KPMG capital verification report (YZ No.1501031)
          was issued.

          According to the Capital Verification Report issued by KPMG Huazhen LLP, the net funds raised from the initial
          public issuance of H Shares in 2015 were RMB30,587,689,604.94 (excluding related listing fees), and raised
          funds after deducting the underwriting and issuing fees were RMB30,015,054,696.76.

          As of the end of this Reporting Period, the Company, with respect to its IPO on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
          and the issuance of new shares by partially exercising the overallotment option, has used raised funds of:
          RMB18,352,613,762.96 for capital intermediary business such as developing margin financing and securities
          lending; RMB3,058,768,960.49 for expanding investment and transaction businesses; RMB3,058,768,960.49
          for capital increase in Huatai Purple Gold Investment and Huatai Asset Management; RMB3,658,509,634.22
          for expanding overseas business; and RMB2,537,384,983.29 for daily operation and other general enterprise
          purposes. As of December 31, 2020, planned use of the Company’s funds raised from H Share issuance was
          consistent with that disclosed in the prospectus with no change. The funds raised by the Company from the
          issuance of H Shares had been used up and the relevant account had been cancelled.

          ③ Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of GDR

          Upon the Approval for Issuance and Admission of Global Depository Receipts on London Stock Exchange
          by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 1993) (《關於核准 华泰证券股份有限公司發行全球存託
          憑證並在倫敦證券交易所上市的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018]1993 號 )) issued by the CSRC, the Company completed
          the total issuance of 82,515,000 GDRs in June 2019, each of which at an offering price of USD20.50 and the
          total amount of funds raised was USD1,691,557,500.00. After deducting the issuing fees of USD39,961,513.72
          related to the GDR offering, the net funds raised were USD1,651,595,986.28, equivalent to RMB11,313,036,931.20
          at the central parity of RMB against the U.S. dollar on the date when transferred to the account. The
          abovementioned funds raised were all in place on June 28, 2019 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP and
          the capital verification report was issued (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No.1900393).

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, with respect to its GDRs, has used raised funds of:
          RMB3,547,720,085.15, calculated at actual exchange rate on the date of settlement for continuous investment
          in the existing main businesses, deeply cultivating the business sectors such as wealth management,
          institutional services and investment management, and further promoting the business transformation and
          upgrading; RMB1,000,000,000.00, calculated at actual exchange rate on the date of settlement of foreign
          currency, for supplementing working capital and meeting general enterprise purposes; USD994,212,858.59
          for supporting the internal and external growth of international business, and expanding overseas strategic
          layout. Apart from the above uses, surplus of the Company’s proceeds of RMB128,629,875.52 (including
          interest of raised funds, exchange gains/losses and outstanding issuing fees, at the exchange rate at the
          end of the Reporting Period) was not used and was put into the special bank account of the Company. As of
          December 31, 2020, planned use of the Company’s funds raised from the issuance of GDRs was consistent
          with that agreed in the GDR prospectus with no change. The Company plans to arrange for the use of the
          remaining funds raised from the issuance of GDR by the end of 2021.




082
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Overview of the use of raised funds
                                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                           Total amount
                                          of raised funds   Total amount Total amount                       Usage and
                           Total amount       used in the        of raised    of raised                  whereabouts
Raising            Raising      of raised       Reporting     funds used funds yet to                  of raised funds
year               method           funds          Period accumulatively       be used                         unused

                                                                                                  Supplementing
                                                                                                  working capital
2019          GDR offering         1,131,303.69    693,582.77    1,145,595.39          8,072.85     and meeting


                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                                general enterprise
                                                                                                         purposes

                Non-Public
2018               offering       1,420,794.22             -      1,418,421.26                  –                       –
                (A Shares)

               Initial public
2015                 offering    3,058,768.96      60,033.85    3,066,604.63                    -                       -
                 (H Shares)



                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
               Initial public
2010                 offering     1,556,122.55             –     1,568,103.37                   –                       –


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                 (A Shares)

Total                       –     7,166,989.42     753,616.62   7,198,724.65           8,072.85                         –

Notes to the overview of the use of raised funds                                 –



(2) There was no commitment in raised funds of the Company during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
(3) There were no changes in projects funded by raised funds of the Company during the Reporting
Period

3. Projects not funded by raised funds

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any project funded by non-raised funds whose total
investment was more than 10% of the audited net assets of the Company as at the end of the previous year.

(V) There was no Sales of Significant Assets or Equities by the Company during the
Reporting Period



                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
(VI) There was no Bankruptcy or Restructuring, Merger or Division, Major Disposal,
Acquisition, Replacement or Stripping of Assets or Reorganization of Other
Companies by the Company during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             083
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries




084
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                 Shareholding
                                  percentage                                                            Date of         Responsible                                Registered                                                  Operating
         Company name                                                Address                                                                Telephone No.                               Total assets        Net assets                             Total profit          Net profit
                                     of the                                                          establishment        person                                    capital                                                     revenue
                                   Company
                                                  401, Building B7, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong
                                                  Kong Fund Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth Road,
                                         99.92%                                                     September 5, 1997           Jiang Yu       010-56839300              99,748.00            763,190.56        408,533.18          308,090.03            83,138.48           62,224.09
      Huatai United Securities                    Nanshan Street, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
      Co., Ltd.                                   Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen, the PRC

                                 Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting); financial advisory for securities trading and investment related
                                 activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC.

      Huatai Securities                           Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China (Shanghai)
                                           100%                                                     October 16, 2014           Cui Chun         021-28972188            260,000.00            990,242.47       826,568.56           246,805.94           162,378.94           122,612.49
      (Shanghai) Asset                            Pilot Free Trade Zone
      Management Co., Ltd.       Main businesses: securities asset management; publicly offered securities investment funds management. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).
                                                  180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,
                                           100%                                                     August 12, 2008            Cao Qun        025-83389999              600,000.00           1,519,728.42     1,086,709.87           321,482.81          312,802.37         235,000.54
      Huatai Purple Gold                          Cao Qun the PRC
      Investment Co., Ltd.       Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment management for equity investment and debt investment, and
                                 financial consulting. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

      Huatai International                        Rooms 5808-12, 58/ F, The Center, 99 Queen’s
                                           100%                                                     April 5, 2017              Wang Lei       852-36586000       HK$8,800,000,002.00         9,402,172.50     1,095,744.34          393,020.19           28,205.80             21,703.92
      Financial Holdings                          Road Central, Hong Kong
      Company Limited            Main businesses: holding company.

                                                  Room 1501, 15/F, Block 28, Fengsheng Hutong,
                                           100%                                                     November 21, 2013           Sun Ying         010-63211166           350,000.00            266,615.60        220,609.13            56,813.40          46,344.97            35,069.30
                                                  Xicheng District, Beijing, the PRC
                                 Main businesses: project investment, investment management, sale of precious metal, hotel management; the followings are permitted to be operated only by branches: accommodation, catering services, sale of foods, fitness
      Huatai Innovative          services, swimming pool, laundry collection, typing and copying, motor vehicle public parking services, conference services, undertaking exhibitions, tourism information consultation, ticket agent service. (1. Public fund-raising shall not
      Investment Co., Ltd.       be conducted without approval by relevant authorities; 2. trading activities of securities products and financial derivatives shall not be publicly carried out; 3. no loans shall be granted; 4. no guarantee shall be provided to any other
                                 enterprises except for its invested enterprises; promises shall not be made to investors that the principal of their investments will not be subject to any loss or that they will get a minimum return; enterprises shall independently select
                                 business items and carry out operations according to law; businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out in accordance with the approved contents upon the approval of relevant authorities; business activities
                                 classified as prohibited or restricted items by industrial policies of this city shall not be carried out).

                                                  20/F, Li Feng Building, 761 Dongfeng Eastern
                                            60%                                                     July 10, 1995                  Hu Zhi      020-83901155             160,900.00          4,284,262.69        297,502.24           223,248.17           30,537.30            22,057.21
                                                  Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, the PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                 Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of
                                 relevant authorities).

                                                  11/F, 188 Lushan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,
                                            52%                                                     July 4, 2013                   Li Yun     025-89620288               20,000.00              46,117.69        35,818.20            10,961.84            6,091.28            4,456.82
                                                  the PRC
      Jiangsu Equity
      Exchange Co., Ltd.         Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge of equity interests, bonds, assets and related financial
                                 products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of market information, trading of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation
                                 services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

                                                 32-42/F, Fund Mansion, 5999 Yitian Road,
      China Southern Asset                41.16% Lianhua Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, the     March 6, 1998          Zhang Haibo       0755-82763888                36,172.00          1,200,924.63       784,104.85          562,963.86           194,368.41           148,410.68
      Management Co., Ltd.                       PRC

                                 Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.

                                                17/F, Building 1, Shanghai Zendai Wudaokou
                                                                                                    November 18,
      Huatai-PineBridge Fund                49% Square, Lane 1199, Minsheng Road, China                                            Jia Bo       021-38601777             20,000.00            192,946.38        126,032.68           112,383.02          36,447.08             27,151.09
                                                                                                    2004
      Management Co., Ltd.                      (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                 Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                  26 Zhonghua Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,
                                          5.54%                                                     January 22, 2007             Xia Ping      025-52890919             1,154,445.00      233,789,300.00     17,803,800.00        5,202,600.00         1,674,800.00        1,506,600.00
                                                  the PRC

                                Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting
                                as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term commercial papers; buying and selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and insurance business, wealth management, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe
                                 deposit boxes; handing entrusted deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting as an agent
                                 for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency
                                 securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking, and other services approved by the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be
                                 carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

      Notes: 1. Due to the death of Mr. Zhang Haibo, chairman of China Southern Asset Management, in February 2021, the board of directors of China Southern Asset Management decided that Mr. Yang Xiaosong, director and general manager of China Southern Asset
      Management, would serve as the chairman of the board until the date when the board of China Southern Asset Management elects a new chairman.
      2. In December 2020, the Bank of Jiangsu placed three A shares for every ten shares to all A shareholders whose names are in the register of shareholders after the trading hours on the record date. In the same month, the Bank of Jiangsu released the
      Announcement on Results of Rights Issue. After clearing by the Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, the Bank of Jiangsu issued a total of 3,225 million shares by way of rights issue, accounting for 93.12% of the total
      rights shares to be issued. The shareholding proportion of the Company is 5.63% based on the results of rights issue. The new shares of the Bank of Jiangsu issued by way of rights issue were listed for trading on the SSE in January 2021. The financial data of the
      Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from its express report of 2020 annual results. The data of net assets represents owner’s equity attributable to shareholders of the listing company, and the data of net profit represents net profit attributable to shareholders of the
      listing company.



085
                                           Financial Report and                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                                                      Corporate Governance                                                                                               About Us                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                                                and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Structured entities controlled by the Company

          The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with the
          Group as the manager or investment advisor and the investor. The Group carries out a comprehensive
          assessment of whether the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due to the return which
          the Group is entitled to for the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager or investment advisor
          of the asset management plan, and according to which, determines whether the Group is the main
          responsible person for the asset management plan. As at December 31, 2020, the Group has consolidated
          47 structured entities whose assets reached RMB96,479,001,599.21 in total. The amount of the trading
          financial assets, which embodies the equity of the Group in the above consolidated structured entities, was
          RMB34,831,430,075.35.

          (IX) Other information

          1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          (1) Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,
          please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

          (2) The Company’s participation in the allotment issuance of Bank of Jiangsu during the Reporting
          Period

          In order to further enhance the ability of serving local economic and social development and the ability
          of sustainable development, and create more value for shareholders, Jiangsu Bank, the Company’s
          shareholder, intends to supplement core Tier 1 capital through allotment. During the Reporting Period,
          according to the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s Approval on the Allotment of Bank of Jiangsu
          Co., Ltd., Bank of Jiangsu actively pushed forward the allotment issuance of A-share. The Company
          participated in the allotment at a ratio of 3 new shares for every 10 shares it holds, and was allotted 192
          million unrestricted shares. Upon the issuance, Bank of Jiangsu holds 5.63% of the Company’s shares.

          2. The establishment and disposal of the Company’s branches and securities branches
          during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated 2 branches, and no branches were newly established
          or cancelled; 27 securities branches were relocated, and no securities branches were newly established or
          cancelled.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 branch offices and 243 securities branches. For
          details, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.


          (1) Changes in names of branches during the Reporting Period

          No.   Name before change      Name after change          Address after name changed Issue Date of License

                                        Securities Branch of
                Huai’an Branch of                                 9/F, Building 1, No. 18 East
          1                             Huatai Securities in East                                 March 17, 2020
                Huatai Securities                                 Huahai, Huai’an
                                        Huahai, Huai’an

                                        Securities Branch of
                Jiangyin Branch of                                 5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
          2                             Huatai Securities in                                      March 17, 2020
                Huatai Securities                                  Futai Road, Jiangyin
                                        Futai Road, Jiangyin




086
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(2) Relocation of branches during the Reporting Period

No. Name of branches       Address after relocation                                        Issue Date of License

    Huatai Securities      Rooms 101, 201, 301, Block 1, Huangshan Yaju, No.6
1                                                                                          September 14, 2020
    Zhenjiang Branch       Huangshannan Road, Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province

    Huatai Securities      Room 201, Building 6, Financial City, No.5 Century Avenue,
2                                                                                          October 17, 2020
    Yancheng Branch        Yancheng City




(3) Changes in names of securities branches during the Reporting Period                                                     About Us


No. Name before change         Name after change        Address after name changed         Issue Date of License

                                                        Rooms C106 & C108, Zone C,
    Securities Branch of       Securities Branch of     1F and rooms B200, B202 &
1   Huatai Securities in       Huatai Securities in     206, Zone B, 2F, Huate Plaza,      September 25, 2020
    Qianfoshan, Jinan          Jingshi Road, Jinan      No. 17703, Jingshi Road, Lixia


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                        District, Jinan City




(4) Relocation of securities branches during the Reporting Period                                                         and Strategies

    Name of Securities
    Branches before                Name of Securities                                               Issue Date
No. Relocation                     Branches after Relocation      Address after Relocation          of License

                                                                  Room 5003-05 (The actual
    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                  floor is 4403A, 4403B, 4404),     January 16,
1   Securities in Raffles Square, Securities in Raffles Square,
                                                                  No. 268 Middle Tibet Road,        2020
    Huangpu District, Shanghai Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                                                  Huangpu District, Shanghai

    Securities Branch of           Securities Branch of           Room 103, and Room
    Huatai Securities in Middle    Huatai Securities in Middle    3205, 3206 No. 307 Middle         January 17,
2
    Guangzhou Avenue,              Guangzhou Avenue,              Guangzhou Avenue, Yuexiu          2020
    Guangzhou                      Guangzhou                      District, Guangzhou

    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       No. 79 Hong Kong West Road,
                                                                                                    February 24,
3   Securities in Ningxia Road, Securities in Hong Kong           Shinan District, Qingdao,
                                                                                                    2020
    Qingdao                     West Road, Qingdao                Shandong Province




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
                                                                                                March 9,
4   Securities in Huafei Road,  Securities in Hudong Middle       Huashan District, Ma’anshan
                                                                                                2020
    Ma’anshan                   Road, Ma’anshan                   City



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                                  North side of Room 104 and
                                                                  Room 204, No. 2 Commerce
    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Building, Xinghehui Business      March 17,
5   Securities in Wenhua        Securities in Fenghezhong
                                                                  Center, 1333 Fenghezhong          2020
    Avenue, Xinjian, Nanchang Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                  Avenue, Honggutan New
                                                                  District, Nanchang, Jiangxi

    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       Annex 13, 14 of No. 68, Yuanlin
                                                                                                    March 3,
6   Securities in Tianfu Avenue, Securities in Shixili, Xipu,     Road, Xipu Town, Pidu District,
                                                                                                    2020
    Xipu, Chengdu                Chengdu                          Chengdu City




                                                                                                                   087
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name of Securities
              Branches before                Name of Securities                                              Issue Date
          No. Relocation                     Branches after Relocation     Address after Relocation          of License

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Room 1503, 15/F, Unit 2, No.9
                                                                                                             April 14,
          7    Securities in Chunhui Road, Securities in Jiangbeizui,      Huixianyan Square, Jiangbei
                                                                                                             2020
               Chongqing                   Chongqing                       District, Chongqing

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Building 2, No.15 Gangtie Main
                                                                                                             April 22,
          8    Securities in Gangtie Main Securities in Gangtie Main       Street, Qiangshan District,
                                                                                                             2020
               Street, Baotou              Street, Baotou                  Baotou City, Inner Mongolia

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Rooms 8017 & 8018, Building 3,
                                                                                                             April 26,
          9    Securities in Jinhai Middle Securities in Middle Hailing,   Shangye New Village, No. 78
                                                                                                             2020
               Road, Dongtai               Dongtai                         Middle Hailing, Dongtai

                                                                           Rooms 201 and 202, Unit One,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Block B, CCRE Building, No. 668   March 19,
          10   Securities in Xiahe Road,   Securities in Xiahe Road,
                                                                           Xiahe Road, Siming District,      2020
               Xiamen                      Xiamen
                                                                           Xiamen

                                                                           Rooms 101, 403 and 404, Block
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           B, No. 88 Shuixian Avenue,        January 20,
          11   Securities in Shuixian      Securities in Shuixian
                                                                           Longwen District, Zhangzhou       2020
               Avenue, Zhangzhou           Avenue, Zhangzhou
                                                                           City, Fujian Province

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     No.1 of 1/F and Rooms 2801-
                                                                                                             May 11,
          12   Securities in Xidi 3rd Road, Securities in Xidi 3rd Road,   2809 of 28/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd
                                                                                                             2020
               Wuzhou                       Wuzhou                         Road, Wuzhou City

                                                                          Shop No. 142 of 1/F and No.
                                                                          203A of 2/F, Huijin Building,
               Securities Branch of          Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                          Tongling Trade Building, Middle May 9,
          13   Huatai Securities in Huaihe   Securities in Huaihe Avenue,
                                                                          Section of Huaihe Avenue,       2020
               Avenue, Tongling              Tongling
                                                                          Tongguan District, Tongling,
                                                                          Anhui Province

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     No. 109-112, Building 1, Binhe
                                                                                                             May 28,
          14   Securities in Dongmen       Securities in Nanhuan First     Xingcheng, Jintan District,
                                                                                                             2020
               Street, Jintan              Road, Jintan                    Changzhou City

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     29A, Modern Media Plaza,
                                                                                                             June 30,
          15   Securities in Xiandai       Securities in East Suzhou       No. 265 East Suzhou Avenue,
                                                                                                             2020
               Avenue, Suzhou              Avenue, Suzhou                  Suzhou Industrial Park

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                                                             July 6,
          16   Securities in Tonghu Road, Securities in Pinghuai Road,     No. 37 Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou
                                                                                                             2020
               Gaoyou                      Gaoyou, Yangzhou

                                                                           Rooms 220, 222, 226 for
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     commercial business,
                                                                                                           July 10,
          17   Securities in Longcheng     Securities in Longchuannan      Longchuan Road, Cosco
                                                                                                           2020
               Road, Jiangdu, Yangzhou     Road, Jiangdu, Yangzhou         Europe City, Fairy Town,
                                                                           Jiangdu District, Yangzhou City

                                                                           102S, Block 2, Vanke Times
               Securities Branch of Huatai                                 Square, Shangjing Community,
                                           Securities Branch of Huatai
               Securities in Huangge                                       Longcheng Street, Longgang   July 15,
          18                               Securities in Longgang
               North Road, Longgang,                                       District, Shenzhen City (the 2020
                                           Avenue, Shenzhen
               Shenzhen                                                    junction of Longgang Avenue
                                                                           and Longcheng Avenue)




088
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    Name of Securities
    Branches before                Name of Securities                                                 Issue Date
No. Relocation                     Branches after Relocation      Address after Relocation            of License

     The Second Securities         Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Room 7W4, No. 90 Zhongshan
     Branch of Huatai Securities   Securities in HTSC Building,                                       August 12,
19                                                                East Road, Qinhuai District,
     in Zhongshan North Road,      Zhongshan East Road,                                               2020
                                                                  Nanjing
     Nanjing                       Nanjing

                                                                  Units 30028-30032, Fuxing
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Commercial Square, No. 303,

                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                                      September 22,
20   Securities in Shaoshan      Securities in Furong Middle      Section 1, Furong Middle Road,
                                                                                                      2020
     North Road, Changsha        Road, Changsha                   Kaifu District, Changsha,
                                                                  Hunan Province

                                                                  Shops 101 & 102 at 1/F and
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      No.201 at 2/F, Block 8, No. 91-36
                                                                                                      September 27,
21   Securities in Chibi Avenue, Securities in Dongmen            Dongmen Road, Huangzhou
                                                                                                      2020
     Huanggang                   Road, Huanggang                  District, Huanggang City,
                                                                  Hubei Province


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                  Rooms 103 and 202, North
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Tower, China Resources


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                                                 September 30,
22   Securities in Zhujiang Road, Securities in Changping         Building, No. 95 Changping
                                                                                                 2020
     Shantou                      Road, Shantou                   Road, Longhu District, Shantou
                                                                  City, Guangdong Province

                                                                  Unit 0-103A, Commercial
                                                                  Podium (1/F) of Office Building
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  T1/T2, Zhongjiao Finance            October 16,
23   Securities in Zhonghua      Securities in Ziqiang Road,
                                                                  Center, No. 118 Ziqiang Road,       2020
     North Street, Shijiazhuang  Shijiazhuang




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                  Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang
                                                                  City, Hebei Province

     Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai
     Securities in South Hanxin    Securities in Xiangyu          No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue,            October 27,
24
     Road, Huaian District,        Avenue, Huaian District,       Huaian District, Huaian             2020
     Huaian                        Huaian

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi        November 2,
25   Securities in Shizhou       Securities in Jingui Avenue,
                                                                  City, Hubei Province                2020
     Avenue, Enshi               Enshi

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                  No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang November 2,
26   Securities in Changban      Securities in Zilong Road,
                                                                  City, Hubei Province          2020
     Road, Dangyang              Dangyang




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                              Rooms 15-103 and 15-104 of
                                                              Commercial Building 15 and
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                              Commercial Office Building 16, November 3,
27   Securities in Xiangyang     Securities in Hongxing South
                                                              Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29 Hongxing 2020
     Avenue, Binhai, Yancheng    Lane, Binhai, Yancheng
                                                              South Lane, Dongkan Street,
                                                              Binhai County




                                                                                                                      089
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
          disposal accounts, and pure fund accounts

          As at December 31, 2020, the Company had 4,153 unqualified securities accounts, 2,493 judicially frozen
          securities accounts, 85,446 risk disposal securities accounts, and 724,318 pure capital accounts.

          Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
          dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
          disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)
          Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
          information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
          information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between
          the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
          case-by-case basis.

          Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: the daily management of
          accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business was strictly
          implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security
          network verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened
          investor identity information identification, continued to innovate account management measures and
          improve standard long-term management mechanisms of accounts. It further improved the customer file
          management system, built a unified management platform by protocol, strengthened the management of
          business handling files of customer accounts through Internet channels, and continued to do its best in the
          physical and electronic management of customer account business files.




          III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

          (I) Competition landscape and trend of the industry

          At present, the long-term upward trend of China’s economy continues to consolidate. Under the major
          strategic deployment of accelerating the establishment of a new “dual circulation” development pattern
          in which domestic economic cycle plays a leading role while international economic cycle remains its
          extension and supplement, the capital market, as an important tool for residents’ asset allocation and
          wealth preservation and appreciation, will play an important role, and the securities industry will also
          embrace new major development opportunities.

          First, the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market will provide a broader development
          space for the securities industry. In recent years, the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital
          market has accelerated, and market-oriented reform measures have been implemented one after
          another. The new Securities Law has also systematically revised and improved a series of basic systems.
          Under the policy background of comprehensively implementing the registration system reform, increasing
          the proportion of direct financing, and establishing a normalized delisting mechanism, the capital market
          will have greater development room and higher resource allocation efficiency in terms of facilitating
          the circulation of capital, technology and the real economy. China’s securities industry enjoys broad
          prospects for development, and at the same time, faces the pressure of improving quality and efficiency,
          transforming and upgrading.

          Second, the new pattern of high-level two-way opening up will drive the securities industry to transform
          in the direction of high-quality development. Under the policy of accelerating the opening of securities
          industry to the outside world, the industry will usher in a stage of high-level competition in which domestic
          and foreign capital, state-owned institutions and private institutions compete on the same stage, and
          there will be further adjustment and differentiation in the industry’s competitive landscape. Oriented by
          customer needs, we will accelerate the promotion of innovative business, expand the depth and breadth
          of our business and services, build a systematic and platform-based comprehensive strength, and




090
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
transform to a comprehensive financial service provider with complete business chain, industrial chain and
service chain. This way has become the only way for large securities companies to achieve high-quality
development and build a first-class investment bank.

Third, digital and intelligent transformation will reshape the business operation model and service ecology
of the securities industry. In recent years, with the in-depth advancement of a new round of technological
revolution and industrial transformation, leading financial institutions at home and abroad have increased
investment in technological innovation, seized the development opportunities brought about by Fintech
empowerment, actively deployed the Fintech ecosystem, and promoted a comprehensive upgrade of
the customer service system to create a differentiated competitive advantage. In-depth promotion of


                                                                                                                            About Us
business development and digital and intelligent operation of the business management system, and the
mutual promotion and complementation of Fintech and business development, will become an effective
way to transform the traditional business and business model of securities companies and enhance their
comprehensive financial service capabilities.

(II) The Company’s development strategy

1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
global influence, and a financial institution with international competitiveness, brand influence and system


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
importance.

2. Values and operation philosophy: By adhering to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
innovation” and committing to the operation philosophy of “centered on customer services, oriented by
customers’ needs and purposed on customer satisfaction”, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders,
staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

3. Strategic measures: Deeply developing an all-rounded business chain; implementing highquality
innovation and development; enhancing Fintech empowerment; comprehensively strengthening group
governance and improving its pace in international business development.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(III) Business operation plan

Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(IV) The Company’s capital needs to sustain the current business and complete the
ongoing investment projects

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company was at the forefront of the industry in terms of total
assets, net assets, net capital and other indicators. The Company has built an assets & liabilities and
liquidity management system that not only meets the Company’s strategy and regulatory requirements
but is also favourable for the development of businesses through constantly optimizing allocation of assets




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
and liabilities. During the Reporting Period, the Company enhanced the management of capital, liabilities
and business within the industry, improved its financing ability, optimized the structure of assets and
liabilities and lower the financing costs by constantly expanding the financing sources and various bond
financing channels. The Company realized liquidity matching of major assets and liabilities by enhancing



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
the liquidity arrangement of assets to guarantee the balance of gross volume and reasonable structure
of the assets and liabilities of the Company and realize dynamic equilibrium of security, mobility and
profitability, so as to ensure that the capital strength of the Company matches its status in the industry.

(V) Potential risks (including the implementation of overall risk management and
the investment in compliance risk control and information technology)

1. Overview of risk management

The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements and
the actual situation of its business development, the Company established a relatively comprehensive




                                                                                                                   091
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          overall risk management system based on the core concepts of full staff engagement, full coverage and
          full penetration. The Company has a solid and effective risk management framework with clearly defined
          responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company worked out a risk
          appetite and tolerance system, which is organically integrated with the development strategy, and a
          multi-level risk management system covering the whole Company; in addition, the Company vigorously
          promoted the construction of group-wide risk-management technology system and established
          centralized, time-based, quantitative and penetrable pillars for risk management technologies, to
          improve the effectiveness of risk management of the Group and further strengthen the Group’s overall
          risk identification, quantitative evaluation and risk control capabilities. The Company incorporated its
          subsidiaries into the overall risk management system of the Group, explored the construction of effective
          risk management model for subsidiaries, vigorously deepened the management mindset of centralized
          and unified professional risk lines, and built a professional risk management system meeting the business
          development requirements of the Group. The overall risk management system of the Company ran
          effectively, which earnestly guaranteed the continuous and healthy development of various businesses of
          the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, focusing on strengthening business risk management, improving the risk
          control system, and promoting digital transformation, the Company comprehensively pushed forward
          various risk management tasks. The Company strengthened its risk management and control in key
          businesses and areas by thoroughly investigating the sources of business risks, formulating intensified
          management and control measures, and clarifying bottom-line requirements. The Company continued
          to improve the construction of a comprehensive risk management system, and further optimized the
          risk management organizational structure, processes and measures. The Company also adhered to
          technology empowerment, vigorously advanced the construction of a digital risk management platform
          and the fourth phase of the Group’s comprehensive risk management platform, to continuously improve
          the Company’s risk identification, early warning and discovery, measurement monitoring and risk
          management and control capabilities.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company received a notice from the China Securities Regulatory
          Commission, agreeing it to formally implement the pilot projects of consolidated statement supervision.
          The Company will, in accordance with relevant regulatory regulations and requirements, do a good job
          in the pilot projects of consolidated statement supervision to improve the Group’s risk management
          system on an on-going basis, and to develop risk management capabilities that can match its business
          development, whereby ensuring the Company’s sound development.


          2. Risk management structure

                                                                Board of Directors
                                                                 (Compliance and Risk
                                                                Management Comittee)
                                                                                                             Supervisory
                                                                                                             Committee

               Chief Risk Officer                             Senior Management


                               Take the lead in comprehensive
                                      risk management




                                                                       Other
                Risk         Capital    Information     Strategic   Professional           Other         All            All
             Management     Operation   Technology    Development       Risk
                                                                                        Departments   Branches      Subsidiaries
             Department    Department   Department    Department    Management
                                                                    Departments




092
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
The risk management organizational structure of the Company covers five major parts: the Board and
Compliance and Risk Management Committee; Supervisory Committee; the Senior Management and
Risk Control Committee; Risk Management Department and various professional risk management
departments; other departments, branches and subsidiaries.

The Board is ultimately responsible for the overall risk management and is responsible for reviewing and
approving the basic system relating to the overall risk management of the Company, approving the risk
appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, and reviewing periodic risk assessment
reports of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to
undertake risk management responsibilities including reviewing and making recommendations on overall


                                                                                                                              About Us
risk management targets and fundamental policies; evaluating and making recommendations on the risks
of major decisions which require the Board’s review, as well as the solutions to these risks; reviewing and
making recommendations on risk assessment reports which require the Board’s review.

The Supervisory Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising overall risk management,
supervising and inspecting the Board and the senior management on the performance of their duties of
risk management, and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorization and approval of the
Board and the operation objectives of the Company, the senior management is specifically responsible
for the implementation of risk management and assumes the primary responsibility for overall risk



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
management. Upon authorization of the senior management, the Risk Control Committee under the senior
management is mainly responsible for the decision-making on risk management matters in the course of
operation and authorizing on risk undertakings in various business lines. Chief risk officer of the Company is


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
responsible for leading the overall risk management of the Company.

The Company appoints the risk management department to perform the overall risk management duties
and take the lead in managing the market risk, credit risk and operational risk of the Company; appoints
the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company; appoints
the information technology department to take the lead in managing the information technology risk
of the Company; and appoints the strategic development department to take the lead in managing
the reputation risk of the Company. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
responsible for the management of various risks in their respective lines, implementing various policies,
procedures and measures formulated by the Company and various leading professional risk management
departments, accepting guidance from various leading risk management departments and assigning
the risk management duties and implementation responsibilities. The audit department incorporates
overall risk management into the audit scope, makes independent and objective review and evaluation
on the adequacy and effectiveness of overall risk management, and is responsible for taking the lead
or entrusting external professional institutions to evaluate the overall risk management system of the
Company regularly.

3. Market Risk




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

During the Reporting Period, in the face of the global economic turmoil caused by the outbreak of the



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
COVID-19 pandemic, the uncertainty brought about by the US election and frequent domestic credit
default incidents, the Company adhered to the concept of creating value through transactions, controlling
risks through hedging in controlling risk exposures, and managed the market risk of holding assets through
various risks control measures. In terms of equity securities investment, the Company took the initiative
to control equity asset positions through quantitative models and investment research analysis, flexibly
adjusted hedging positions according to market changes, and actively explored trading opportunities
while ensuring the downside risks of assets were controllable. At the same time, the Company has
strengthened the management system of investment targets by removing potential risk targets from the
transaction whitelist in a timely manner, which has effectively prevented “black swan” ( 黑天鵝 ) risks. In
respect of fixed-income securities investment, the Company leveraged interest rate derivatives such as
interest rate swap and treasury bond futures to effectively hedge against market risks, and earned excess




                                                                                                                     093
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          earnings through various carry trades while controlling the overall investment portfolio duration and basis
          point value. In respect of derivatives business, the Company adopted market neutral strategy for both
          OTC derivatives business and market making business for exchange-traded options, controlled the Greeks
          values (such as Delta, Gamma and Vega) exposure risks within acceptable limits, and created profit
          opportunities based on controllable risks. In respect of OTC derivatives business, the Company established
          management standards such as incorporating targets into transaction list, performance guarantee ratio
          of counterparty, the liquidity and concentration of transaction targets, etc., to effectively prevent market
          risks and counterparty default risk.


          Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the Company
                                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

             Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                                 The Company                             The Group

                                                       As at the end of    As at the end of   As at the end of   As at the end of
                                                                  2020                 2019              2020                2019

          Equity-sensitive Financial
                                                                   6,711             3,974              14,726             6,066
          Instruments

          Interest-sensitive Financial
                                                                  4,887               6,218             6,498               6,314
          Instruments

          Commodity-sensitive
                                                                    153                273                236                588
          Financial Instruments

          Overall Portfolio Risk Value                            8,844              7,093              18,691             9,058

          Source: Internal statistics of the Company




          During the Reporting Period, Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the
          Company
                                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

             Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                       At the beginning      At the end of         Maximum             Minimum
                                                           of the period        the period             value               value

          The Group                                               9,069              18,691            20,775               7,507

          The Company                                             7,570              8,844              12,259               4,711

          Source: Internal statistics of the Company




          4. Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond
          issuer or counterparty (customer).

          In terms of financing business, the Company implemented strict customer and target management,
          continuous dynamic monitoring, timely risk resolution and other full-process control measures to control
          business credit risks. During the Reporting Period, benefiting from the overall rebound in the market, the
          Company’s margin financing and securities lending business has grown significantly. The Company
          has implemented strict risk control procedures and measures to keep the amount to be recovered for
          the margin financing and securities lending business remained at a low level. Meanwhile, the Company
          revised the provision plan for the business this year, providing provisions for related risk items; in addition,




094
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
the Company prudently carried out stock pledge business, and strengthened substantive risk review to
strictly control business risk exposure. In terms of bond investment business, the Company has established
a unified management system for issuers, through which it can achieve aggregate monitoring of the total
investment of the same issuer in all business units of the Group, and implemented bottom-line control
over credit bond investment in key industries. At the same time, it steadily promoted the credit analysis
management system (CAMS system), and improved the unified internal evaluation system, to enhance the
Group’s overall risk identification and management capabilities. In response to the frequent occurrence
of market credit bond defaults during the Reporting Period, the Company conducted a comprehensive
investigation of the credit bond investment holdings of its own and entrusted funds to prevent business
risks in a timely manner. In terms of guarantee settlement business, the Company explored to strengthen

                                                                                                                            About Us
its customer qualification management system and access standards, continued to improve front-end
management and control of risk indicator design and promoted systematic construction, and strengthened
the management and control capabilities of risk handling and transmission. In terms of counterparty
management, during the Reporting Period, the Company promoted the establishment of a unified
management system for counterparties by further expanding the coverage of the unified management of
counterparty credit lines at the Group level to form a group-wide counterparty list management plan, while
promoting the systematic construction of management and control measures to strictly control business
risk exposure. At the same time, the Company promoted the systematic construction of the Group’s unified



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
customer penetration management system, comprehensively sorted out credit risk points, strengthened
the bottom-line management and control measures, put in place the customer ESG risk management
mechanism, consolidated the unified management system for credit risks, and improved the ability to deal


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
with the external complicated credit environment, therefore providing strong risk control guarantee support
for the development of various credit businesses.

5. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time
to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out
ordinary businesses.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, preferred a “sound and safe” liquidity risk
endurance, followed the general principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
prudence and foresight, and continued to strengthen the identification, measurement, monitoring and
control mechanisms of liquidity risks through a management model of centralized management and
hierarchical prevention and control, to improve the Company’s liquidity risk management capability. The
Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework including cash flow, and appropriately
set risk limits and implemented daily monitoring through the information technology system, to improve the
monitoring frequency and control of liquidity risks. At the same time, the Company continued to improve the
capital planning system by strengthening capital position management and establishing a liquidity day-
time monitoring system to keep abreast of capital usage in daily business and day-time payment progress




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
in a timely manner, further moving forward the frontline of liquidity risk prevention and control. The Company
regularly and occasionally conducted special stress tests on liquidity risks to assess the Company’s liquidity
risk tolerance under stress from the perspective of cash flow and liquidity indicators, and took targeted




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
measures to improve the Company’s liquidity risk resilience. In order to ensure that liquidity needs can be
met in a timely manner under stress, the Company has established high-quality liquid asset reserve of an
appropriate scale based on risk preferences. At the same time, it has expanded its debt financing channels
and quotas from multiple perspectives, and continued to improve the Company’s emergency financing
capabilities. In addition, the Company took the formal implementation of the pilot project of consolidated
statement supervision as a starting point to further strengthen the guidance on liquidity risks of subsidiaries,
with a view to improving their liquidity risk management capabilities, and in an attempt to establish an inter-
group liquidity emergency system. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)
and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued to remain at a level that can meet regulatory requirement
and far beyond the requirement.




                                                                                                                   095
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          6. Operational risk

          Operational risk refers to risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal
          procedures, personnel, system or external events.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company, centering on both risk prioritization and risks monitoring and
          detection, strengthened the accuracy and precision of operational risk identification, facilitated the effective
          operation of the whole process from operational risk identification, assessment, monitoring, response and
          reporting. The Company, taking risk prioritization as the starting point, improved the identification and
          evaluation of operational risk points and control measures through immersive and special risk prioritization
          of key businesses, continued to promote the establishment and improvement of risk identification
          mechanisms based on the risk prioritization results, and enhanced the ability to control unexpected
          scenarios and actively discover hidden dangers risks; strengthened the analysis of internal and external
          operational risk events and improved the corresponding management and control mechanism; improved
          the new business risk assessment mechanism, strengthened the Group’s quality control management
          in new business risk assessment and automation control of assessment process, and intensified the
          retrospective tracking of the actual development of new businesses that have been launched; and
          carried out business continuity management under the COVID-19 pandemic, by promptly activating the
          Group’s collaborative emergency response mechanism during the epidemic, organizing business impact
          assessments, identifying potential risks and formulating response strategies.

          7. Compliance risk

          Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing
          legal responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on securities companies
          due to violation of laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct
          performed by securities companies or their employees.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve its compliance management system in
          terms of system development, working mechanism, and compliance staffing, and effectively promoted
          full coverage of compliance management. It also kept up with innovation trends and regulatory trends,
          and prudently carried out compliance reviews, to promote the stable implementation of new businesses
          and new products; increased its efforts on control and support of key businesses through compliance
          assessment, process arrangement, prompt supervision, and meeting attendance; advanced embedded
          compliance management and control through systematic means to accelerate the digital management
          and control process of compliance management in key business scenarios; further strengthened the
          creation of a compliance culture by enriching training forms, optimizing the management and control
          mechanism of employee investment behavior, and implementing the requirements for preventing moral
          hazards of employees, so as to infiltrate the concept of compliance into the minds of employees and
          encourage them to self-regulate; intensified compliance inspections based on problems and risks, focused
          on key businesses and hidden risks, and continued to track and implement rectification; improved the
          Group’s compliance management mechanism, strengthened compliance communication and control
          among Group members; fully implemented the work requirements raised by the People’s Bank of China,
          strictly performing anti-money laundering obligations, including customer identification, the preservation
          of customer identity information and transaction record, customer money laundering risk classification,
          suspicious transaction reporting, list monitoring, launching a new anti-money laundering monitoring system
          that will be continuously optimized and updated, developing suspicious transaction monitoring indicators
          that are in line with the Company’s own business characteristics to strengthen the management and
          control of money laundering risks in high-risk areas, continuing to innovate anti-money laundering training
          and publicity forms, and promoting the full coverage of anti-money laundering work supervision and
          inspection, so as to improve the effectiveness of anti-money laundering work.

          8. Information technology risk

          Information technology risk mainly refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the system to
          continuously ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and business management




096
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
in terms of business realization, response speed, handling capacity and data encryption, resulting from
abnormal operation or data damage or leakage of the Company’s information system caused by various
internal and external reasons.

The business lines and the middle and back office management of the Company are highly depended on
the information technology system, which has become the key support to the operation of businesses of
the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to increase investment in information
technology to improve the management system and process of information technology risks, to enhance
the quality control over information technology and strengthen the investigation and governance for
information technology risks, further improving the effectiveness of risk management. The Company
formulated emergency plans for network and information security incidents, and conducted regular
assessment and drills. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s information system was operated stably                  About Us
and safely without any major information technology risk events.

9. Reputational risk

Reputational risk mainly refers to exposure to negative judgements from relevant media caused by the
Company’s operation, management and other conducts or external events.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running steadily


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
without occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. Focusing on its strategy and key business, the
Company increased its communication with domestic and foreign media and intensified its monitoring and



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
handling of reputational risks, which have created a good public sentiment for the Company’s development.
At the same time, the Company continued to improve its workflow, and strengthened prior management
and internal publicity, further enhancing its response to reputational risk.

10. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, according to the actual situation of the Company and industrial regulatory
requirements, the Company continued to improve the overall risk management system and continuously
deepened the implementation of various requirements on the overall risk management. In March 2020, the




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Company was approved to formally implement the pilot project of consolidated statement supervision,
under which, the Company, in accordance with regulatory regulations and requirements, has carried out
various tasks to further enhance the Company’s risk management and control capabilities.

For the full coverage of risks, the Company established a comprehensive risk management system
for the Group with “high engagement, full coverage and deep penetration” as the core idea, and with
“collectivization, specialization and platformization” as the main approach. The current risk management
of the Company has already covered all subsidiaries (domestically and globally), branches and business
lines for major risk types. The Company established a risk management system for subsidiaries by
combining centralized management and control and hierarchical authorization, raised clear requirements
to subsidiaries on issues including the construction of the risk management system, risk management



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
policies and indicator system, risk management personnel allocation and assessment and risk reports,
and set up differentiated and detailed rules for risk management. The risk management department of
the Company arranged specialized risk management personnel for various business lines and conducted




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
risk identification, monitoring, assessment, decisions, response and reporting before, during and after
each operation. For managing market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and
information technology risk, the Company has assigned leading management departments for each of
them. The coverage of various professional risk management has reached the level of subsidiaries.

For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and effectiveness of risk
surveillance and monitoring. The Company established a multi-level indicator and limitation system for
risk appetite, risk tolerance, professional risk and business risk, and accurately calculated, dynamically
monitored and timely alerted risk indicators with systematic methods. During the Reporting Period, the
Company continuously promoted the system construction relating to risk indicator monitoring functions,
and realized the centralized and unified monitoring on various risk indicators.




                                                                                                                 097
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For the measurement of risks, the Company realized the measurement on the market, credit and liquidity
          risks, and continuously strengthened the risk measurement model management. During the Reporting
          Period, the Company regularly carried out evaluation and verification of valuation pricing model and risk
          measurement model, and continuously perfected the measurement model to improve the accuracy of
          measurement results. The company further strengthened the management of the Parent Company and its
          subsidiaries’ valuation pricing model and the risk measurement model to effectively control the model risk.

          For the analysis of risks, the Company established a multi-level risk reporting system, which clarified
          the reporting mechanism and procedure requirements, and further strengthened the depth and
          comprehensiveness of risk analysis during the Reporting Period, so as to ensure the timely and effective
          transfer of risk information among various levels and departments. The Company set up a relatively
          comprehensive pressure testing system. The Company’s pressure test covers capital regulatory indicators,
          financial indicators and all risk quotation indicators and has been applied throughout the procedures of
          day-to-day risk management. During the Reporting Period, the Company further perfected and enriched
          the library of stress test scenarios, and strengthened the research on the trigger mechanism of irregular
          stress tests, which has been applied to various management decisions of the Company.

          For risk response, the Company has, based on risk assessment and alert results, formulated certain
          response strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different risk
          appetites, and adopted response measures such as asset impairment, risk hedging, capital supplement,
          scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time, the Company developed practical
          response mechanisms and schemes for various risks, which could ensure the Company has the capability
          to react to and resolve various risks it encounters.

          The Company provided support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in aspects of
          cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and recruiting talents.
          The Company attached great importance to the construction of risk management culture and strengthened
          the promotion of risk management ideas. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to carry out
          risk management training and risk management culture publicity activities covering all employees, and
          further promoted the implementation and optimization of the risk management assessment mechanism
          of the Group, giving full play to the guiding role of risk assessment. The Company established a three-
          dimensional risk management system at the Board of Directors level, senior management level and
          business level, and developed a regular evaluation and revision mechanism for the system, through
          which the implementation of the system was included into the risk assessment. The Company attached
          great importance to risk management and information technology system construction, and provided
          sufficient resources to support and protect the risk management and system improvement. The Company
          emphasized the effective combination of risk management and information technology system, and
          firmly followed the direction of digital transformation to push forward its establishment of a platform for
          risk management technology with group-wide coverage and deep penetration, empowering the risk
          management. The Company intensified its efforts in training and engaging risk management personnel,
          enabling the risk management personnel of the Company continuously meet regulatory requirements.

          11. The investment of the Company in compliance risk control during the Reporting Period

          The Company attached great importance to its compliance operation and risk management by
          continuously enhancing the construction of the compliance risk control system, optimizing the composition
          of compliance risk control personnel, and increasing investment in the construction of the compliance risk
          control system to improve our professional abilities in compliance risk control with technology as the driving
          force. The Company’s investments in compliance risk control mainly include: investment in compliance
          risk control personnel, the daily operating costs of compliance risk control and investment in construction
          of compliance risk control related systems. In 2020, on Parent Company basis, the total investment in
          compliance risk control of the Company amounted to RMB452,002,800.

          12. The investment of the Company in information technology during the Reporting Period

          The Company has always valued innovation in information technology, adhered to the concept of
          “technology empowering the future, data driving development”, relied on the “five new” development
          strategy of new technologies, new platforms, new ecology, new governance, and new drivers, systematically




098
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
promoted digital transformation, created high-quality products, and provided high-quality products
service to create technology competitiveness in the forefront of the industry. The Company’s investments
in information technology mainly include: IT capital expenditure, daily expenses for operation and
maintenance of IT, leasing and depreciation cost of computer rooms, circuit leasing cost and remuneration
of IT personnel. In 2020, on Parent Company basis, the total investment in information technology of the
Company amounted to RMB1,764,781,900.

(VI) Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the
Company’s dynamic risk control indicators


                                                                                                                            About Us
1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
control indicators

During the Reporting Period, the Company solidly pushed forward the monitoring and pre-warning of
various risk control indicators, continuously improved the dynamic monitoring mechanism for risk control
indicators mainly based on net capital and liquidity and assigned full-time operators to conduct daily
monitoring, duly report and handle various abnormalities; with stricter corporate monitoring standards as
the monitoring threshold, formed a three-stage risk control indicator monitoring standard based on the
regulatory standards and early warning standards for dynamic risk control indicators specified by the CSRC,


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
to launch corresponding reporting route and response plan according to different early warning level and
ensure that the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators always comply with the regulatory


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
requirements; constantly optimized the function of the net capital and liquidity dynamic monitoring system
to ensure that the dynamic monitoring system can effectively support the monitoring of the Company’s net
capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators.

The Company has established a dynamic complementary mechanism for net capital and liquidity. The
Company’s complementary pathways of net capital include but not limited to capital fund raising for
increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds, compression of highly-risky investment types
and scale, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s complementary pathways
of liquidity include but not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase, corporate




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
bond, short-term corporate bond, subordinated debt, short-term financing bill, financing of creditor’s rights
and income rights for credit business, credit business assets-backed securities, income receipts, refinancing
integrated fund, gold lease, etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or adjustment of business
scale, etc.

2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to
the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk control
indicators for profit distribution, capital increase in and guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
in new businesses and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the
condition that the analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period,
main risk control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there were



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
no such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in
compliance with the provided standards.



IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY ’S FAILURE
TO MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE
TO INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS AND
THE EXPLANATIONS OF REASONS THEREOF




                                                                                                                   099
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          V. OTHER DISCLOSURES

          (I) Share capital

          For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the details of changes therein,
          please refer to “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders” in this report.

          (II) Arrangement of pre-emptive rights

          According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the
          Company has any pre-emptive rights.

          (III) Repurchase of shares by the Company

          In active response to the policies of the national government and regulatory authorities, according to the
          requirements of relevant laws, regulation and normative documents and based on the confidence in the
          sustainable and steady development of the Company in the future and the reasonable judgment on the
          stock value of the Company, the Company repurchased A shares from the secondary market as source of
          shares for the restricted share incentive scheme in an effort to enhance investors’ confidence, safeguard
          shareholders’ rights and interests, and at the same time, deepen the mixed-ownership reform, establish a
          market-oriented mechanism for benefits and risks sharing with employees, and further stimulate the vitality
          of the Company. For the repurchase of shares by the Company, please refer to “Changes in Ordinary Shares
          and Shareholders” and “Repurchase, Sale or Redemption of the Listed Securities of the Company and its
          Subsidiaries” in this report.

          (IV) Sufficient public float

          As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available
          to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float
          satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

          (V) Directors’ interests in competing business with the Company

          None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in business that competes or is likely to compete,
          either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

          (VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

          According to rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has entered into a
          contract with each of the Directors and Supervisors in respect of (among other matters) compliance
          of relevant laws and regulations, as well as Articles of Association and provisions on arbitration. Save as
          disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors of the Company has entered into or is proposed to
          enter into any service contracts with the Company in their respective capacities as Directors/Supervisors
          (other than contracts expiring or terminable by the employers within one year without the payment of
          compensation other than statutory compensation).

          (VII) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in material contracts

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors or Supervisors of the Company or entities that are connected to
          them did not have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract entered into by
          the Company or its subsidiaries.

          (VIII) Permitted indemnity provision – liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management

          As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
          Supervisors, senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage




100
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
has been arranged for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company against potential
legal actions and liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and
legal risks faced by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full
discharge of duties by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

(IX) Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management

For profiles of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work
experience” under “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and retired Directors,
Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under “Changes in Shareholding Structure
and Remuneration” in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff” in this report.

                                                                                                                                  About Us
(X) Remuneration policy

For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of
the Company, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and retired
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under “Changes in Shareholding
Structure and Remuneration” and “Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff” in this report.



                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
(XI) Share option scheme



                                                                                                                                and Strategies
The Company did not establish any share option scheme.

(XII) Major customers and suppliers

The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The
Group’s clients range from retail customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients to
corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and
smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
the Group’s businesses. In 2020, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.

(XIII) Relationship with employees, customers, suppliers and persons with important
relationships

For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major
Subsidiaries” in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff” in this report.




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
For the relationship between the Company and securities brokers, please refer to “Customer Solicitation
and Customer Services by the Brokers Commissioned by the Company” in the section headed “Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff” in this report. For the relationship between the Company and its
major customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in



                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(XIV) Business review

For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Company Profile” of this report.

(XV) Corporate governance

For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this report.




                                                                                                                         101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (XVI) Environmental policies and performance of the Company

          For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Performance of Corporate
          Social Responsibilities” under “Major Events” in this report.

          (XVII) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations

          As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the
          requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
          the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
          Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate
          Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
          Report in Appendix 14 of Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established
          and perfected its rules and regulations to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself to
          maintaining and improving its sound market image. Please refer to “Punishment and public denouncement
          suffered by the Company for the year” under “Material Litigation and Arbitration” in the section headed “Major
          Events” in this report for the punishment and public denouncement received by the Company during the
          Reporting Period.

          (XVIII) Reserves and distributable reserves

          Please refer to the consolidated statements of changes in equity and Note 54 to the financial statements of
          this report for changes in reserves and distributable reserves.

          (XIX) Property and equipment and investment properties

          Changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year are set out
          separately in Notes 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. As at December 31, 2020, the Group
          did not own one or more investment properties with a ratio (as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong
          Listing Rules) over 5%, or did not hold any properties for development and/or for sale.

          (XX) Management contracts

          No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
          business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2020.

          (XXI) Donations

          The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2020 by investing a total of RMB32,408,100 (2019:
          RMB20,770,500) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

          (XXII) Five-year financial highlight

          For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
          refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
          and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Company Profile” in this report. This summary does not
          constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

          (XXIII) Auditors

          1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2017 Annual General Meeting held on June 13, 2018, the Company
          employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries’ 2018
          annual accounting statement and internal control to issue an A Share audit report and internal control audit
          report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute of the Company’s H Share to issue a H Share audit
          report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB5.00 million. In 2018, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued a standard
          unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance
          with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Wang Guobei
          and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual




102
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. Certified public accountant Pang Shing Chor Eric signed the report.

2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2018 Annual General Meeting held on June 26, 2019, the Company
employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries’ 2019
annual accounting statement and internal control to issue an A Share audit report and internal control audit
report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute of the Company’s H Share to issue a H Share audit
report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB5.50 million. In 2019, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued a standard
unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance
with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Cheng Hailiang
and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual

                                                                                                                             About Us
financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards. Certified public accountant Pang Shing Chor Eric signed the report.

3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting held on June 18, 2020, the Company
employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
the 2020 annual accounting statement and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control
audit report and GDRs audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute for the Company’s
H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million. In 2020, KPMG
Huazhen LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified
public accountants Cheng Hailiang and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified
opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified public accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

4. Upon approval by the Company’s fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors held
on March 23, 2021, the Company proposed to employ KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of
the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2021 annual accounting statement and internal control
to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDRs audit report; and employ KPMG as the
audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee will be
capped at RMB6.00 million (of which the internal control audit fee will be capped at RMB0.50 million). This




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
issue is yet to be approved at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

(XXIV) Auditor’s remuneration

For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

During the Reporting Period, the Company employed KPMG Huazhen LLP to provide non-auditing services, such
as agreed procedures and advisory service, and the fees for such non-auditing services were RMB2.15 million.

(XXV) Review of Annual Results



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2020,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
(XXVI) Publication of the Annual Report

This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website
(www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2020 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong
Listing Rules will be sent to shareholders and published on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and
the HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews.hk).

                                                                                          By order of the Board
                                                                                                     Zhang Wei
                                                                                                     Chairman
                                                                                                March 23, 2021




                                                                                                                    103
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION FOR ORDINARY SHARES OR
          CAPITALIZATION FROM CAPITAL RESERVE
          (I) Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

          Article 262 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
          making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
          profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
          generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of
          profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable
          profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
          in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
          the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
          months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
          requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the
          Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
          three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
          the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of
          Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
          of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash
          flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
          the Company’s equity scale.”

          For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
          regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
          proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
          as follows:

          In the interim of 2018, on the basis of the total share capital of 8,251,500,000 shares, the Company proposed
          the distribution of cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) for every ten shares. The total amount of cash
          dividend was RMB2,475,450,000.00.

          In 2018, on the basis of the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares, the Company proposed the
          distribution of cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) for every ten shares. The total amount of cash




104
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
dividend was RMB2,722,995,000.00.

In 2019, on the basis of the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares and after deducting the number of
shares held in the special account for repurchase of the Company after the closing of the record date of
holders of A Shares for the profit distribution, the Company proposed the distribution of cash dividend of
RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) for every ten shares. The total amount of cash dividend was RMB2,701,394,989.80.

In 2020, according to the annual financial statements of the Company, the net profit of the Parent
Company for the year reached RMB5,923,763,424.27. According to relevant provisions of the Company
Law, the Securities Law, the Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (《金融企業財務規則》) and the Articles
of Association, the Company had appropriated a total of RMB1,777,129,027.29 including 10% of statutory

                                                                                                                               About Us
surplus reserve, 10% of general risk reserve and 10% of trading risk reserve, after which, the profit available for
distribution for the year was RMB4,146,634,396.98. Plus the balance of undistributed profit in previous years,
the accumulated profit available for distribution to investors as at the end of 2020 was RMB17,604,448,446.99.
According to relevant requirements of the CSRC, gains arising from the fair value changes in distributable
profit of securities companies shall not be used for cash distribution to shareholders. As at the end of
December 2020, the accumulated fair value changes in distributable profit of the Parent Company were
RMB2,807,531,731.31, after deduction of which as required, the profit of the Parent Company available for
distribution to investors in cash amounted to RMB14,796,916,715.68.



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
After comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of
the Company, the 2020 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
Company’s existing total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the A Shares deposited in
the special account for securities repurchase and temporarily not used in the equity incentive scheme (the
number of shares under the equity incentive scheme is calculated at the maximum number of restricted
shares under the equity incentive scheme as considered and approved at the 2021 first extraordinary
general meeting of the Company), with the total cash dividend of RMB3,612,609,402 (tax inclusive). The
actual total amount of payment will be calculated based on the total number of shares that will be entitled




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
to the dividend distribution on the record date for the implementation of the distribution plan by the
Company. The remaining profit available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at
the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB against HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to
the date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                      105
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Plan or proposal of the profit distribution for ordinary shares or capitalization from
          capital reserve to share capital for the last three years (including the Reporting Period)
                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                Net profit attributable  Percentage of net profit
                       Number of     Dividends Number of                                            to the shareholders       attributable to the
                         dividend        per 10 increased                                         of ordinary shares of shareholders of ordinary
                       shares per shares (RMB shares per                 Amount of cash            the Company in the shares of the Company in
          Dividend      10 shares   yuan) (tax 10 shares                  dividends (tax      consolidated statement the consolidated financial
          year            (share)    inclusive)    (share)                     inclusive)     during the dividend year           statements (%)

          2020                    –            4.00              –       3,612,609,402.00               10,822,496,891.00                              33.38

          2019                    –             3.00             –       2,701,394,989.80                 9,001,644,018.52                              30.01

          2018                    –             3.00             –       2,722,995,000.00                 5,032,737,702.70                               54.11

          2018
          interim                  -            3.00              -      2,475,450,000.00                3,158,898,403.05                              78.36
          period

          Notes: 1. In 2019, given that the Company has conducted works related to the issuance of Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) and listing on the
          London Stock Exchange, in order to protect the interests of all shareholders, the Company has adjusted its 2018 profit distribution proposal, which
          was considered and approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, and considered and approved at the 23rd meeting
          of the fourth session of the Board of the Company. In 2019, the 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and approved the
          adjusted 2018 profit distribution plan of the Company. For the profit distribution, on the basis of the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares,
          the Company proposed the distribution of cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) for every ten shares. The total amount of cash dividend
          distributed was RMB2,722,995,000.00.
          2. With a combination of the 2018 profit distribution plan with the 2018 interim profit distribution plan of the Company, the total cash dividend
          distributed by the Company amounted to RMB5,198,445,000.00, accounting for 103.29% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary
          shares of the Company in the 2018 consolidated financial statements of the Company.




          (III) The inclusion of shares repurchased through cash offer in cash dividend

                                                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                      Amount of cash dividends                                            Percentage (%)

          2020                                                                    1,626,402,152.88                                                     15.03


          According to the “Opinions on Supporting Share Repurchase by Listed Companies”(《關於支持上市公司回購股
          份的意見》), where a listed company repurchases its shares by means of offers or centralized auctions with
          the consideration in cash, it shall be deemed as cash dividend of the listed company and be counted in the
          calculation of relevant proportion of cash dividend.

          As of December 31, 2020, the Company has accumulatively repurchased 88,090,995 A Shares through
          centralized bidding and the total amount paid was RMB1,626,402,152.88 (excluding transaction costs). After
          including such repurchase amount in calculation, the proposed total cash dividend of the Company in
          2020 amounted to RMB5,239,011,554.88, accounting for 48.41% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of
          ordinary shares of the Company in the 2020 consolidated financial statements of the Company.


          (IV) Tax relief

          1. Shareholders of A Shares

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
          for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No .101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
          所得稅政策有關問題的通知》（財稅 [2015]101 號））and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
          Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012]
          No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》（財稅 [2012]85 號））jointly issued
          by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of
          the Company, if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed
          shares on public offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred
          and settled) is within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as




106
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
taxable income at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one
year (inclusive), temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the
effective tax rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus
incomes are exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed
by a listed company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes
on behalf of the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable
incomes shall be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of
shareholding when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes
through the securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by
securities investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and

                                                                                                                         About Us
levied pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No.85.

For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of
Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the
QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47)(《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通
知》（國稅函 [2009]47 號））issued by State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds and pays
corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by QFII
shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application for tax
refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and bonuses


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
according to regulations.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81)《( 關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》                            （財稅 [2014]81 號））
issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended
before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities shall
refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and
comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Corporate
Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and other relevant tax regulations, the Company
shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank and National Association, as the nominal
holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash dividends distributed by the



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors are entitled to the treatment as
stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be submitted to the governing tax
authority according to regulations.



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

2. Shareholders of H Shares

According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Regarding the
Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993]
No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No.348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問
題的通知》（國稅函 [2011]348 號））, for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders
as overseas residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
enterprises, the withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according
to item “interest, dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-




                                                                                                                107
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          foreign investment enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax
          preferences according to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity
          belongs and the PRC and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao).
          According to relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To
          simplify administration of tax collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing
          shares in Hong Kong distribute dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld
          at the tax rate of 10% without application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be
          withheld as per the following provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant
          treaties, the withholding agent can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents
          and the governing tax authority will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application;
          (2) for residents subject to tax rate over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the
          withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
          the actual tax rate specified in the treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents
          from the country which did not enter into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the
          withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
          the tax rate of 20%.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
          PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
          (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897)(《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關
          問題的通知》（國稅函 [2008]897 號））issued by the State Administration of Taxation, when Chinese resident
          enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for
          2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
          10%.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
          Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) 《
                                            ( 關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》                           （財稅 [2014]81 號））
          issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses
          acquired by Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
          via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold the individual income
          tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities investment funds
          by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect,
          the individual income tax shall be levied as per above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by
          Mainland enterprise investors by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-
          Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends
          and bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile,
          for the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares
          for 12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

          According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for
          dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.

          The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
          above provisions.




108
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
(I) Undertakings of de facto controllers, Shareholders, related parties, purchasers
of the Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or
remained effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                       Strictly
                                                                                                                          Any          performed
Background                                                                                                    Date and    deadline for in a timely
of          Type of     Undertaking                                                                           duration of performance manner or
undertaking undertaking party       Content of undertaking                                                    undertaking or not       not

                                      Guoxin Group and its subsidiaries or associated companies shall                                                         About Us
                                      not engage in or conduct any business which may compete with
Other
                                      the primary business of Huatai Securities in any way (including
undertakings                                                                                                  Issuing date:
                                      but not limited to self-operated, joint venture or associated) at
made to      To solve                                                                                         June 27, 2014;
                                      any time in the future (except for Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.). For any
minority     horizontal  Guoxin Group                                                                         expiry date: No           Yes
                                      opportunities to conduct, engage in or invest in any business that
Shareholders competition                                                                                      in a long
                                      may compete with the business of Huatai Securities available to
of the                                                                                                        term
                                      Guoxin Group and its subsidiaries or associated companies, Guoxin
Company
                                      Group will give such opportunities to Huatai Securities (except for


                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                      Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.).




                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
I I I . TH E R E WAS N O M I SAPPRO PR IATI O N O F FU N D S O F TH E
COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

I V. STAN DAR D U N Q UAL I FI E D O PI N I O N AU D IT R E P O RT WAS



                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
PREPARED BY THE ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY

V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE
REASONS AND IMPACT OF THE CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AN D ACCOU NTI N G ESTI MATES O R CO RRECTI O N O F MAJO R
ACCOUNTING ERRORS
(I) Analysis and explanation from the Company on the reasons and impact of the



                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates

For the change of accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer to
Note 2. Major Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in this report.



                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
(II) The Company made no correction of major accounting errors




                                                                                                                                                     109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                                                        Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                               Currently employed units

          Name of the domestic accounting firm                                                        KPMG Huazhen LLP

          Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                                                  335

          Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                                                            7 years

          Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                                        KPMG

          Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                                                  250

          Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                                                            6 years

                                              Name                                 Remuneration

          Accounting firm for the                                                  Please refer to the description
                                              KPMG Huazhen LLP
          auditing of internal controls                                            below this table


          Description of appointment and removal of accounting firm

          During the Reporting Period, as approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the
          Company reappointed KPMG Huazhen LLP to audit the financial statements and conduct internal control of
          the Company and its holding subsidiaries for 2020 to issue the 2020 audit report and internal control audit
          report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million.



          VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
          TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING

          VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION
          During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation and arbitration of the Company with amount
          involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
          net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the SSE Listing Rules.

          (I) Litigation and Arbitration Disclosed in Ad hoc Announcements without
          Subsequent Development

          Summary and type of event                                              Query indexes

          A considerable overloss in futures account of Zhang Xiaodong, a Could be retrieved in the annual
          client of Huatai Futures                                        reports for the Year 2013 to 2019

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, Stone Group（四通集 Could be retrieved in the annual
          團）and Stone Group Financial Company（四通集團財務公司）                   reports for the Year 2011 to 2019

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities and Beijing Huazi Could be retrieved in the annual
          Syndicated Group（北京華資銀團集團）                                       reports for the Year 2011 to 2019

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, China Huacheng
                                                                         Could be retrieved in the annual
          Group Financial Co., Ltd.（ 中 國 華 誠 集 團 財 務 有 限 責 任 公 司 ）and
                                                                         reports for the Year 2011 to 2019
          Huacheng Investment Management Co., Ltd.（華誠投資管理有限公司）




110
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Litigation and Arbitration not Disclosed in Ad hoc Announcements or with
Subsequent Development

The litigation or arbitration of the Company which was newly raised but has not been disclosed (with an
involved amount of over RMB100 million) or has been disclosed but had progress during the Reporting Period

(1) Debt dispute between the Company and Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd.（四川聖達集團有
限公司）

The interest of corporate bond of Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd. of 2012 (“12 Shengda bond” (12 聖達債）, bond


                                                                                                                            About Us
code: 1280443) was not able to be paid to the Company in full and the principal amount of the bond was
not able to be paid for redemption in full upon maturity. the Company and other creditors jointly entrusted
the Chengdu Branch of the Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. to lodge litigation at Sichuan Higher People’s Court on
June 7, 2016 according to the decision made in the meeting of bondholders, requesting Sichuan Shengda
Group Co., Ltd. to repay the principal amounts and interests. The total principal amount was RMB300 million,
the interest shall be paid at the coupon rate of 7.25% calculated from December 6, 2014 till the date of
repayment, and the penalty interest shall be paid at the annual interest rate of 3.625% calculated from
December 6, 2015 till the date of repayment (of which RMB50 million was attributable to the Company). As
of December 31, 2018, the principal, interest and penalty interest receivable by the Company from Sichuan


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Shengda Group Co., Ltd. were RMB50 million, RMB14,758.2 thousand and RMB5,566.6 thousand, respectively.
The case was closed through mediation. Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd. agreed to pay the money above,


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
confirming that Chengdu Branch of Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. is entitled to the priority of claim for the money
from disposal of the pledge and that relevant personnel are jointly responsible for liquidation. At present,
the Intermediate People’s Court in Leshan City, Sichuan Province, the executive court, is disposing the
pledge, among which 10 million shares of “GWACG” (stock code: 000835) were auctioned for the second
time on November 21, 2018. The second largest shareholder of GWACG won the equity at RMB42.68 million.
In February 2019, the Company received the auction proceeds of approximately RMB7.01 million. As of
December 31, 2020, the principal, interest and penalty interest receivable by the Company from Sichuan
Shengda Group Co., Ltd. were RMB44.5668 million, RMB19.6256 million and RMB8.7886 million, respectively.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The disposal of the other two pledges is still in progress.

(2) Dispute over pledged securities repurchase between the Company, Chu Jinfu, Tang Fujun
and Henan Senyuan Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Senyuan Group)

Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Chu Jinfu, the Company filed a
lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting the court to order Chu Jinfu
to pay the outstanding principal of RMB571.80 million and the corresponding interest, liquidated damages
and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Tang Fujun to undertake joint settlement obligations
and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction
or sale of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Chu



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Jinfu and Senyuan Group within the scope of relevant payment obligations. In August 2020, the Intermediate
People’s Court of Nanjing has secured relevant bank accounts and stocks. Senyuan Group raised an
objection to jurisdiction during the period of submitting statement of defense and believed that the case




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
shall be placed under the jurisdiction of the High People’s Court of Henan Province. In November 2020, the
Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing ruled and rejected the objection to jurisdiction by Senyuan Group
and Senyuan Group filed an appeal to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. In January 2021, the High
People’s Court of Jiangsu Province ruled and rejected the appeal and the original judgment was upheld.
Currently, the case is still under litigation. The Company has provided the corresponding impairment losses
for the transaction.

(3) Dispute over pledged securities repurchase between the Company, Henan Senyuan
Group Co., Ltd. and Chu Jinfu

Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Senyuan Group, the Company
filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting the court to order




                                                                                                                   111
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Senyuan Group to pay the outstanding principal of RMB300 million and the corresponding interest,
          liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Chu Jinfu to undertake joint
          settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from
          the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged
          to the Company by Senyuan Group within the scope of relevant payment obligations. In August 2020, the
          Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing has secured relevant bank accounts and stocks. Senyuan Group
          raised an objection to jurisdiction during the period of submitting statement of defense and believed that
          the case shall be placed under the jurisdiction of the High People’s Court of Henan Province. In November
          2020, the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing ruled and rejected the objection to jurisdiction by Senyuan
          Group and Senyuan Group filed an appeal to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. In January 2021,
          the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province ruled and rejected the appeal and the original judgment was
          upheld. Currently, the case is still under litigation. The Company has provided the corresponding impairment
          losses for the transaction.

          (4) Dispute over pledged securities repurchase between the Company, Han Hua and Yang
          Lijun

          Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Han Hua, the Company filed a
          lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in August 2020, requesting the court to order Han
          Hua to pay the outstanding principal of RMB161,905,600 and the corresponding interest, liquidated damages
          and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Yang Lijun to undertake joint settlement obligations
          and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction
          or sale of relevant shares and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Han Hua within
          the scope of relevant payment obligations. On November 3, 2020, the case was heard at the Intermediate
          People’s Court of Nanjing and no judgment has been issued so far. The Company has provided the
          corresponding impairment losses for the transaction.

          (5) Dispute over pledged securities repurchase between the Company, Yang Lijun and Han
          Hua

          Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Yang Lijun, the Company
          filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in September 2020, requesting the court
          to order Yang Lijun to pay the outstanding principal of RMB101,268,300 and the corresponding interest,
          liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Han Hua to undertake joint
          settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the
          discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company
          by Yang Lijun. The case has not yet been heard so far. The Company has provided the corresponding
          impairment losses for the transaction.

          (6) Bill dispute under No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Bank of Huafu Xiamen（華福
          廈門銀行）of Huatai Securities in Relation to Huatai Asset Management

          Xiamen Bank Co., Ltd, the consignor of No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Bank of Huafu Xiamen of
          Huatai Securities (“No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan”), in view of disputes of the relevant bill disputes
          over No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan, filed a lawsuit on contract disputes to the High People’s
          Court of Fujian Province in October 2016 and March 2017 against the Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo
          Co., Limited（寧波銀行股份有限公司）, with a total litigation amount of RMB950 million. During the Reporting
          Period, the relevant case has been trialed in conjunction at Higher People’s Court of Fujian Province on
          March 13, 2018 and Huatai Asset Management participated in the litigation as the third person. On June 26,
          2018, the High People’s Court of Fujian Province issued the relevant judgment that the Shenzhen Branch
          of Bank of Ningbo Co., Limited., the defendant to pay a total of RMB950 million and liquidated damages
          to Bank of Huafu Xiamen within 10 days from the effective date of the judgment. On August 17, 2018, the
          Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo Co., Limited., filed an appeal to the Supreme People’s Court, requesting
          the revoking of the first-instance judgment and the rejection of all the claims of the Bank of Huafu Xiamen.
          On February 18, 2019, the Supreme People’s Court accepted the appeal lodged by Shenzhen Branch of Bank




112
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
of Ningbo. On December 12, 2020, the Supreme People’s Court issued the final judgment, which rejected the
appeal and upheld the original judgment. The case was closed.

As the manager of No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Bank of Huafu Xiamen（華 福 廈 門 銀 行）,
Huatai Asset Management was listed as third person of the civil action, and was not asked to bear the
compensation liability. There was no adverse effect on the profits of Huatai Asset Management during or
after the Period.

(7) Property mortgage dispute and bond default contract dispute under Huatai collective
asset management program of Huatai Asset Management


                                                                                                                            About Us
On February 24, 2020, Huatai Asset Management, on behalf of the collective asset management program
and as the plaintiff, lodged a lawsuit on mortgage contract dispute with the Third Intermediate People’s
Court of Beijing against Beijing Shiji Runfengyuan Asset Management Co., Ltd.（北京世紀潤豐源資產管理有限
公司）, the mortgagor and as the defendant, on that the bonds pledged repo transaction by Meicheng No.
28 Securities Private Fund（美橙二十八號證券型私募基金）under the management of Shanghai Meiqi Asset
Management Center (LLP)（ 上 海 美 期 資 產 管 理 中 心（ 有 限 合 夥 ））on Shanghai Stock Exchange constitutes
substantive debts in violation of contract and claimed for priority of claim from the mortgaged property.
The competent court issued the judgment on December 30, 2020 and believed that the mortgage contract


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
of Huatai Asset Management is legal and effective, but it rejected the claims for the reasons that the debts
suited are still under lawsuit and the amount of debts is unclear.



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
On June 24, 2020, Huatai Asset Management, on behalf of the collective asset management program and
as the plaintiff, lodged a civil lawsuit with Shanghai Financial Court on the violation of contract related to
“16 Rightway 03” bonds against Rightway Property Development Co., Ltd.（ 正 源 房 地 產 開 發 有 限 公 司 ）, the
issuer of the bonds, as the defendant and the amount involved was RMB170.8 million. The case was officially
accepted and is under first trial. Based on relevant opinions and requirements of the Supreme People’s
Court on bonds review, the case has been transferred to the Intermediate People’s Court of Dalian. Currently,
the Intermediate People’s Court of Dalian has accepted the case and it is under the first trial.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(8) Stock pledged repurchase contract dispute under No. 3 Targeted Assets Management
Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants of Huatai Asset Management

As the manager of the No. 3 Targeted Assets Management Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants
of Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Asset Management entered into relevant financing agreements on
stock pledged repurchase business with Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, on behalf of the asset
management product in May 2017, and conducted transactions on the business. The principal of financing
was RMB365 million (of which, the principal of RMB235 million and RMB130 million were financed by Liu Hujun
and Xiong Jinyu, respectively) in total and the target of the pledged stock was Liantronics (stock code:
300269.SZ). Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, breached the contract as they failed to repurchase on
time. Huatai Asset Management filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in November



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
2020 on the contract dispute on stock pledged repurchase, requesting Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the
defendants, to repay the principal of RMB365 million and undertake other responsibilities on the breach of
contract and dispose of the pledged stocks according to laws. The case is currently under the first trial on




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
civil lawsuits.

(9) Dispute between Huatai United Securities and investors of 16 Bright Oceans Bonds

Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd., the issuer, was approved to issue corporate bonds with a nominal value of no
more than RMB2.5 billion (the “16 Bright Oceans Bonds”) to qualified investors in 2015. Huatai United Securities
served as the joint lead underwriter.

China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd., the plaintiff, holds the bonds with a principal nominal
value of RMB45 million. On October 26, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to
action from the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd.
believed the bonds have breached contract and there were false and misleading statements or significant
omissions in the Prospectus and the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter failed to perform due




                                                                                                                   113
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          diligence obligations. It filed a lawsuit against the issuer, the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter,
          requesting the issuer to repay a principal of RMB45 million and interest of RMB16,481,126 and requesting the
          lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities. Currently, the case has not
          yet been heard in court.

          Shenzhen Rongtong Capital Management Co., Ltd., the plaintiff, holds the bonds with a principal nominal
          value of RMB500 million. On October 31, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to
          action from the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. Shenzhen Rongtong Capital Management Co.,
          Ltd. filed a lawsuit against the issuer, the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, requesting the
          issuer to repay a principal of RMB500 million, the interest and the fees on the realization of the creditor’s
          rights with a total amount of RMB602.4 million, and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint lead
          underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities. Currently, the case has not yet been heard in court.

          CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. ( 中信信託有限責任公司 ), the plaintiff, holds the bonds with a principal nominal value of
          RMB20 million. On November 5, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to action
          from the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. filed a lawsuit against the issuer, the
          lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, requesting the issuer to repay a principal of RMB20 million
          and the interest with a total amount of RMB23,536,500, and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint
          lead underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities. Currently, the case has not yet been heard in court.

          (10) Dispute over Magnate project between Huatai United Securities and Postal Savings Bank

          For the “Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Special Program” (the “Magnate ABS”), Shanghai Fortune HFT
          Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海富誠海富通資產管理有限公司 ) acted as the program manager and Huatai
          United Securities acted as the financial consultant.

          On September 21, 2020, Shanghai Financial Court issued the Notice of Respondence to Action and served
          it to Huatai United Securities on September 25. Since investment in Magnate ABS was not fully redeemed,
          Postal Savings Bank of China, the plaintiff, requested to order the five defendants to jointly compensate the
          plaintiff an investment loss of RMB527 million and interest of RMB72 million (as of June 1, 2020) and order the
          lawsuit fees shall be assumed by the five defendants, among which Huatai United Securities was listed as
          the fifth defendant. Currently, the case has not yet been heard in court.

          (III) Punishment and public denouncement suffered by the Company for the year

          1. On February 13, 2020, the Company received the Decision on Administrative Punishment (Bank Punishment
          Decision [2020] No. 23)(《行政處罰決定書》（銀罰字 [2020]23 號））from the People’s Bank of China. Pursuant
          to Article 32 of the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 反 洗 錢
          法 》), the People’s Bank of China imposed a fine of RMB8.80 million on the Company for failing to fulfill its
          obligation of verification of customers’ identities, a fine of RMB0.90 million for failing to report suspicious
          transactions in accordance with the requirements, and a fine of RMB0.40 million for conducting transactions
          with customers whose identities were unknown.

          The Company has paid such fine within the prescribed time. In respect of the problems stipulated in the
          Decision on Administrative Punishment, the Company investigated such problems and made rectifications
          immediately during the period under inspection and, in accordance with the requirements of the “Opinion
          on Law Enforcement Inspection” (《執法檢查意見書》) of the People’s Bank of China, formulated the “Rectification
          Plan for Problems Found in Field Inspection of Anti-Money Laundering by the People’s Bank of China” (《 關
          於 中 國 人 民 銀 行 反 洗 錢 現 場 檢 查 問 題 的 整 改 方 案》), which was considered and approved at the twenty-fifth
          meeting of the fourth session of the Board of the Company. When opening new accounts, the Company has
          verified the authenticity of customers’ identities and implemented the real-name account management
          system in strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. For the problems
          found in the inspection, the Company has made deep analyses and strictly implemented the rectification
          plan thereon to comprehensively promote the continuous identification of historical existing customers.
          Moreover, the Company has further improved its anti-money laundering work mechanism, upgraded its
          new generation of anti-money laundering system, continued to improve the function of its business system,
          optimized the process of customer identification and suspicious transaction reporting, and strengthened its




114
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
anti-money laundering supervision and inspection.

At present, the business operations of the Company are normal and the abovementioned punishment
has no material impact on the business operations and financial position of the Company. The Company
will continue to strengthen its internal control mechanism on anti-money laundering and improve internal
control compliance management in the future, so as to lay a solid foundation for anti-money laundering
related work.

2. On March 11, 2020, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the “Decision on Taking Administrative
Regulatory Measures Against Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in Hongli Road, Shenzhen by Issuing
Warning Letter” (Decision on Administrative Regulatory Measures Decision [2020] No.19)(《 關 於 對 華 泰 證 券

                                                                                                                          About Us
深圳紅荔路證券營業部採取出具警示函行政監管措施的決定》（行政監管措施決定書 [2020]19 號））to the Securities
Branch of the Company in Hongli Road, Shenzhen. The following problems were identified in the securities
branch: first, during the period from May 2018 to March 2019, the securities branch monitored and found
that there occurred abnormal trading alerts in the account of the customer surnamed Deng for 14 trading
days, but the suspicion was ruled out only through telephone inquiries and sending text messages; second,
the customer surnamed Deng said in a telephone call that he/she had handed over his/her account
to another person to operate, but the securities branch did not fully investigate the actual operator, the
actual beneficiary, the source of the account funds and other material information to prevent risks; third,



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
the securities branch did not carefully verify the customers related to the account with abnormal trading
alerts, or report such major abnormal behavior in a timely manner. Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau
decided to take an administrative supervision measure against the securities branch by issuing a warning


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
letter, requiring it to further strengthen transaction monitoring and warning of its customers to improve
the relevant work process, and diligently verify account anomalies to prevent facilitating customers’ non-
compliance in trading activities.

The Company has urged Shenzhen Branch and the Securities Branch in Hongli Road, Shenzhen to make
prompt rectification and practice responsibility investigation. The Securities Branch in Hongli Road, Shenzhen
has rectified the problems pointed out in the letter, and the relevant personnel involved in the incidents has
been strictly held accountable. In addition, the Company has set up a special group for prevention of and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
coping with over-the-counter funding activities, which organises branches to verify key clients suspected of
being engaged in over-the-counter funding activities on a quarterly basis, and makes classification based
on the verification results and reports to the regulatory departments in a timely manner.

3. On June 23, 2020, Huatai Futures received the “Decision on Issuance of Warning Letter to Huatai Futures
Co., Ltd.” (Decision on Administrative Regulatory Measures [2020] No.47)(《關於對華泰期貨有限公司採取出具警
示函措施的決定》（行政監管措施決定書 [2020]47 號））from Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau, mainly stating
that Huatai Futures held a president’s office meeting on February 17, 2020, issued a decision on appointment
and dismissal on March 13, 2020, and submitted relevant materials to Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau
on April 13, 2020, which violated Articles 30 and 31 of the Measures for the Administration of Qualification
Requirements for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Personnel of Futures Companies (《期
貨公司董事、監事和高級管理人員任職資格管理辦法》) and Article 102 of the Measures for the Supervision and


                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Administration of Futures Companies (《期貨公司監督管理辦法》). According to the Article 109 of the Measures
for the Supervision and Administration of Futures Companies, Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau decided




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
to take a regulatory measure against Huatai Futures by issuing a warning letter, and include it in the
integrity records of the securities and futures market. Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau also required
Huatai Futures to learn relevant laws and regulations to raise its awareness of standardized operation, take
practical and effective measures to prevent the recurrence of such violations, and submit a written report
by July 10, 2020.

On July 9, 2020, Huatai Futures submitted the “Rectification Report on the Delay in Reporting Change of Head
of Securities Branch” (《關 於 營 業 部 負 責 人 變 更 報 送 延 遲 事 宜 的 整 改 報 告》) to Zhejiang Securities Regulatory
Bureau. Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Notice on Passing the Acceptance on Rectification
of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. on December 29, 2020, certifying that the rectification has met relevant
requirements and passed the acceptance.

4. Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the “Decision on Issuance of Warning Letter to Huatai




                                                                                                                 115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Futures Co., Ltd.” (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》) ([2020] No. 112) on November 23,
          2020, stating that the company failed to report a significant information safety incident in August 2019. It
          required the company to attach great importance, strength internal control and enhance management to
          practically carry out relevant information safety work.

          The Company has carried out special audit on significant information safety incidents and a comprehensive
          review on the internal and external reporting procedures on information safety incidents to consistently
          improve the reporting mechanism on incidents. Meanwhile, the Company further perfected the risk
          monitoring and alarming system on the information system, fully implemented the accountability system
          on safety production, constantly enhanced the awareness of all employees on safety production and
          performed the requirements on information safety management work.




          IX. PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY
          AN D ITS D I RECTO RS, SU PERVISO RS, SEN IO R MANAG EM ENT,
          CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND
          PURCHASERS
          During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors, senior management, Shareholders holding
          over 5% of the shares or de facto controllers of the Company was investigated by competent authorities,
          imposed with coercive measures by a judicial authority or disciplinary department, transferred to a judicial
          authority or held criminally liable, banned from accessing to market, identified as an unsuitable person,
          punished by other administrative departments or publicly condemned by a stock exchange.

          For details of punishment on and rectification of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to “(III)
          Punishment and public denouncement suffered by the Company for the year” under “Material litigation and
          arbitration” under this section in this report.




          X . I N T E G R I T Y O F T H E C O M PA N Y A N D I T S C O N T R O L L I N G
          SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS IN THE REPORTING
          PERIOD
          During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good integrity and there
          were no such cases as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.




          XI. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP
          PLAN OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR
          IMPLICATION
          As considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the 2021 first
          extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
          proposes to grant no more than 45,640,000 restricted A Shares to the incentive participants. The source of
          underlying shares is the ordinary A Shares repurchased from the secondary market by the Company. The
          incentive participants granted under the scheme include the Directors, senior management and other core
          key employees of the Company, but excludes the non-executive Directors (including independent Directors)
          and Supervisors of the Company. All the incentive participants are working in the Company (including
          branches) or its wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries. The grant price shall be RMB9.10 per share and
          shall not be lower than the higher of 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for the last trading day




116
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
immediately preceding the announcement of the draft plan and 50% of the average trading price of the A
Shares for either the last 20 trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days immediately preceding the
announcement of the draft plan. The validity period of the incentive scheme shall commence from the date
of completion of registration of the granted restricted shares and end on the date when all the restricted
shares granted to the incentive participants are fully unlocked (excluding those subject to voluntary lock-
up or reduction restriction over Directors and senior management) or repurchased and deregistered, for a
maximum of six years. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 31,
2020.

In addition, the Company convened the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board on March 23,


                                                                                                                           About Us
2021, at which the Resolution on Matters Related to the Adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
of A Shares of the Company and the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares to the Incentive Participants
were considered and approved. The Board was of view that the grant conditions under the incentive
scheme have been satisfied, and determined March 29, 2021 as the grant date. For details, please refer to
the announcement of the Company dated March 23, 2021.

OTHER INCENTIVE MEASURES

For the employee incentive measures adopted by AssetMark, a controlled company of the Group, please


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
refer to Note 62. Share-based payment of a subsidiary to the consolidated financial statements in this
report.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
XII. MATERIAL RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards can be found in Note
58. Related-party relationships and transactions to the consolidated financial statements in the report.
The Company confirmed that except the following transaction, the related-party transactions shown in




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
notes to the financial statements were not qualified as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing
connected transactions” as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), and
those qualified as the connected transactions in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were fully in
compliance with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

Establishment of A Partnership (Nanjing Huatai Guoxin Medical Investment
Partnership (LP))

In order to explore potential investment opportunities and bring benefits and obtain better returns
to shareholders, on December 31, 2020, Huatai Purple Gold Investment (as a general partner and an
executive partner) and Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. (as a general partner), Nanjing



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Industrial Development Fund Co., Ltd. (as a limited partner) and Nanjing Beilian Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
(as a limited partner) entered into a partnership agreement to establish Nanjing Huatai Guoxin Medical
Investment Partnership (LP), which mainly focuses on investing in the medical and health industry, including




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
biomedicine, medical equipment, medical services and other fields. Pursuant to the partnership agreement,
the total capital contribution by all partners to the partnership shall be RMB3,000,000,000, being initial
subscription scale for the fund and of which, Huatai Purple Gold Investment shall contribute RMB600,000,000.
Huatai Purple Gold Investment serves as the fund manager, providing investment consulting, investment
management and other services to the partnership, and the partnership shall pay the fund management
fee to Huatai Purple Gold Investment. From the date of establishment of the partnership to the expiry of the
thirty-sixth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, the billing base of the management
fee that each partner shall share is the amount of subscribed capital contribution and the rate of 1% per
year; From the day after the expiry of thirty-sixth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, to
the expiry of eighty-fourth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, the billing base of the
management fee that each partner shall share is the original investment cost of the partnership that has
invested but has not yet withdrawn from the investment project, and the rate of 1% per year. On January 29,




                                                                                                                  117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2021, the Board of the Company considered and approved the Proposal on the Establishment of Industrial
          Fund by Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd., a Wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (《關於公司全資
          子公司華泰紫金投資有限責任公司投資設立產業基金的議案》) and the main rights and obligations of Huatai Purple
          Gold Investment and Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. in the partnership agreement will take
          effect upon the approval of the Board of the Company and fulfilment of the approval or decision-making
          procedures by Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the announcement of
          the Company dated January 29, 2021.

          Guoxin Group is a substantial shareholder of the Company, holding approximately 14.86% of the entire
          issued share capital of the Company, and thus is a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong
          Listing Rules. Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Guoxin Group, and
          hence Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. is an associate of Guoxin Group and a connected person
          of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transaction contemplated under the
          establishment of the partnership constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter
          14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the capital
          contribution for the establishment of the partnership is more than 0.1% but less than 5%, as calculated under
          Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the establishment of the partnership is only subject to the reporting
          and announcement requirements, but exempted from the requirements of circular and independent
          shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As all the applicable percentage
          ratios in respect of the management fees receivable by Huatai Purple Gold Investment as the fund
          manager of the partnership are less than 0.1%, as calculated under Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
          the collection of the management fees is exempted from the requirements of reporting, announcement
          and independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




118
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
XIII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

(I) The Company was not engaged in any material custody, contracting or lease

(II) Guarantees
                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                   External guarantee of the Company (excluding guarantee to subsidiaries)

Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                   -
subsidiaries)

Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding the guarantees for

                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                                                                                                                                                   -
subsidiaries)

                                      Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                      252.69

Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                          460.56
                             Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                                                 460.56

Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                     35.68

Among which:



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Amount of the guarantees provided for shareholders, actual controllers and their related parties
                                                                                                                                                   -
(C)




                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Amount of the debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an
                                                                                                                                             398.56
asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)

Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                -
Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                                                 398.56

                                                                                                        Bearing the principal, interest and other
Undue guarantees with joint and several liabilities
                                                                                                                 related expenses of the bonds

              1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
              (1) In January 2015, Huatai Asset Management was officially founded. With the steady development of the Company’s asset
              management business and the rapid expansion of the scale of asset management, in order to ensure the risk control indicators
              of Huatai Asset Management meet the supervisory requirements, the Company’s Shareholders’ meeting reviewed and




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
              approved relevant resolutions respectively on March 30, 2015 and September 13, 2016, approved the Company to offer Huatai
              Asset Management a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.2 billion and RMB5 billion and promised that,
              whenever Huatai Asset Management needs to expand businesses, it will provide cash support within the aforesaid amount
              unconditionally.
              On December 31, 2020, Shanghai Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to terminate the commitment on the
              provision of net capital guarantee with an amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai Asset Management. As at the end of the Reporting
              Period, the Company provided a total net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB4.2 billion to Huatai Asset
              Management.
              (2) In 2017, as approved and passed at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the 2016 Annual General Meeting
              of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai Asset
              Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
              (3) In 2018, as approved and passed at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company provided a net
              capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to its holding subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. The net
              capital guarantee will be available from July 1, 2019.
              (4) In 2019, as considered and approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company (as the
Conditions of guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of an




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
guarantees    unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of USD500 million for the USD bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of
              Huatai International. In 2020, as considered and approved at the second meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company
              (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of
              an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of USD400 million for the USD bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
              of Huatai International. Calculated at the exchange rate as at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of guarantees for the
              above two overseas bonds at the end of the period was RMB6,107 million.
              (5) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company provided a
              liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, which had not been utilized during the
              Reporting Period.
              2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
              During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and its subsidiaries had provided guarantees for the benefits of their
              subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which mainly supported financing guarantee, guarantees for medium-
              term notes, and guarantees for transactions with counterparties involving the signing of International Swaps and Derivatives
              Association Agreements (ISDA Agreements). The aggregate guaranteed amount was approximately RMB33.749 billion as of the
              end of 2020.
              3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an asset-liability
              ratio of more than 70% was RMB39.856 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the Company to Pioneer Reward Limited,
              a subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD900 million bonds; 2) guarantee provided by Huatai International
              to Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD50 million bonds; 3) the
              guarantee provided by Huatai International and its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                        119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Other Material Contracts

          1. According to the SSE Listing Rules, the Company did not enter into significant contracts during the
          Reporting Period.

          2. The progress of relevant significant contracts disclosed in the Reporting Period is as follows:
                                                                                                                                               Currency: RMB
          Name of                                      Date of    Price for
          contract               Contracting parties   signing    transaction   Performance

                                 Huatai Securities                              In July 2010, the Company and China Jiangsu International Economic
                                 Co., Ltd. and                                  and Technological Cooperation Group Co., Ltd. entered into the General
          General                China Jiangsu                                  Construction Contract for Huatai Securities Square. In December 2018, as
          construction           International                                  settled and audited by Jiangsu Suya Jincheng Construction Management
                                                   July 30,       RMB986.0193
          contract for           Economic and                                   Consultation Co., Ltd., the transaction price was the settlement audit price.
                                                   2010           million
          Huatai Securities      Technological                                  During the Reporting Period, the contract was duly performed and the
          Square                 Cooperation Group                              Company paid RMB1.4947 million under the general construction contract
                                 Co., Ltd.（中國江蘇國                                and sub-contracts thereof. By the end of the Reporting Period, the Company
                                 際經濟技術合作公司）                                     has paid RMB957,468,600 in total under the general construction contract.

                                                                                In March 2012, the Company and Shanghai Haode Tech Co., Ltd. entered into
                                                                                the Construction Contract for Smart Facilities at Huatai Securities Square
                                                                                and the total contract price was RMB198.8997 million. A supplementary
                                 Huatai Securities
          Construction                                                          agreement was signed on February 15, 2016 and the total contract price was
                                 Co., Ltd. and
          contract for                                                          changed to RMB213 million. In December 2018, as settled and audited by
                                 Shanghai Haode        March 6,   RMB213.8211
          smart facilities at                                                   Jiangsu Suya Jincheng Construction Management Consultation Co., Ltd., the
                                 Tech Co., Ltd.（上海     2012       million
                                 浩德科技股份有限公
          Huatai Securities                                                     price for transaction was the settlement audit price. During the Reporting

                                 司）
          Square                                                                Period, the contract was duly performed and the Company paid RMB7.1837
                                                                                million under the construction contract for smart facilities. By the end of the
                                                                                Reporting Period, the Company has paid RMB209.2858 million in total under
                                                                                the construction contract for smart facilities.

                                                                                On May 21, 2013, the Company and Zhejiang Yasha Decoration Co., Ltd.
                                                                                entered into the Construction Contract for Interior Decoration of the Second
                                                                                Bid Section of Huatai Securities Square at a contract price of RMB117.5845
          Construction
                            Huatai Securities                                   million. A supplementary agreement was signed on July 14, 2016 and
          contract
                            Co., Ltd. and                                       total contract price was changed to RMB122 million. In December 2017, as
          for interior
                            Zhejiang Yasha             May 21,    RMB141.0604   settled and audited by Jiangsu Suya Jinchen Construction Management
          decoration of
                            Decoration Co., Ltd.       2013       million       Consultation Co., Ltd., the transaction price was the settlement audit price.
                            （浙江亞廈裝飾股份有
          the second bid
                                                                                During the Reporting Period, the contract was duly performed, and the
                            限公司）
          section of Huatai
                                                                                Company paid RMB2.1159 million under the construction contract for interior
          Securities Square
                                                                                decoration of the second bid section. By the end of the Reporting Period,
                                                                                the Company has paid RMB139.6498 million in total under the construction
                                                                                contract for interior decoration of the second bid section.

                                                                                On May 21, 2013, the Company and China State Construction Engineering
                                                                                Corporation entered into the Construction Contract for Interior Decoration
                                                                                of the First Bid Section of Huatai Securities Square at a total contract price
                                                                                of RMB78.7718 million. Supplementary Agreement (2) was signed on July 9,
          Construction
                                 Huatai Securities                              2015 to change the total contract price to RMB98 million and Supplementary
          contract
                                 Co., Ltd. and China                            Agreement (3) was signed on July 14, 2016 to change the total contract
          for interior
                                 State Construction    May 21,    RMB140.0286   price to RMB120.0713 million. In December 2017, as settled and audited by
          decoration of the
                                 Engineering           2013       million       Jiangsu Suya Jincheng Construction Management Consultation Co., Ltd., the
          first bid section of
                                 Corporation（中國                                 price for transaction was the settlement audit price. During the Reporting
                                 建築集團有限公司）
          Huatai Securities
                                                                                Period, the contract was duly performed and the Company paid RMB2.1004
          Square
                                                                                million under the construction contract for interior decoration of the first
                                                                                bid section. By the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has paid
                                                                                RMB138.6258 million in total under the construction contract for interior
                                                                                decoration of the first bid section.

                                                                                In October 2013, the Company and Shenzhen Shen Zhuang Zong Decoration
                                                                                Co., Ltd. entered into the Construction Contract for Interior Decoration of
          Construction      Huatai Securities                                   the Third Bid Section of Huatai Securities Square at a total contract price of
          contract          Co., Ltd. and                                       RMB131.5863 million. A supplementary agreement was signed on February 3,
          for interior      Shenzhen Shen                                       2016 and the total contract price added RMB3.4663 million to RMB135.0526
                                                       October    RMB132.4443
          decoration of     Zhuang Zong                                         million. In December 2018, as settled and audited by Jiangsu Suya Jincheng
                                                       2013       million
          the third bid     DecorationCo., Ltd.                                 Construction Management Consultation Co., Ltd., the price for transaction
          section of Huatai （深圳市深裝總裝飾工                                          was the settlement audit price. During the Reporting Period, the contract
          Securities Square 程工業有限公司）                                            was duly performed. By the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has
                                                                                paid RMB122.7281 million in total under the construction contract for interior
                                                                                decoration of the third bid section.

                                                                                On February 12, 2014, the Company and Nanjing Suyi Industrial Co.,
                                                                                Ltd. entered into the Project Commission and Construction Contract.
          Project        Nanjing Suyi                                           In December 2018, as settled and audited by Jiangsu Suya Jincheng
          commission and Industrial Co., Ltd.          February   RMB31.5596    Construction Management Consultation Co., Ltd., the transaction price was
          construction   （南京蘇逸實業有限公                    12, 2014   million       the settlement audit price. During the Reporting Period, the contract was
          contract       司）                                                     duly performed. By the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has paid
                                                                                RMB29.7388 million in total under the project commission and construction
                                                                                contract.




120
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
XIV. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MAJOR EVENTS

(I) Capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company

For details on capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to “(IX)
Other information” under “II. Major Operations during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion
and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries

1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment                                                                                             About Us
During the Reporting Period, the fourth session of the board of directors of Huatai Purple Gold Investment
was formed, comprising Cao Qun, Fan Xin and Chen Gang. The chairman and legal representative of Huatai
Purple Gold Investment was changed from Jiang Jian to Cao Qun. Cao Qun ceased to be the general
manager of Huatai Purple Gold Investment, and Fan Xin was appointed as the general manager of Huatai
Purple Gold Investment.

During the Reporting Period, Jiangsu Huatai Ares Fund Management Co., Ltd., a joint venture of Huatai Purple


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Gold Investment, and Shanghai Jingrui Investment Center (Limited Partnership)（上海京瑞投資中心（有限合
夥））, Jining Ruilian Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership)（（濟寧瑞聯股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）,


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
formerly known as Beijing Huatai Ruilian M&A Fund (Limited Partnership)（北京華泰瑞聯併購基金中心（有限合
夥））and Shanghai Daohan Investment Center (LimitedPartnership)（上海道韓投資中心（有限合夥））under
the management of Nanjing Huatai Ruitong Investment Management Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Purple Gold Investment, completed their industrial and commercial deregistration.

2. Huatai International

During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Financial, Inc., a subsidiary of Huatai International, acquired three




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
wholly-owned overseas subsidiaries, namely WBI OBS Financial, LLC (incorporated in Ohio, USA), OBS
Holdings, Inc. (incorporated in Ohio, USA) and OBS Financial Services, Inc. (incorporated in Delaware, USA).

During the Reporting Period, Huatai International incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Huatai
International Corporate Finance Limited, in Hong Kong.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai International completed the structure reorganization of its U.S.
subsidiaries and directly held Huatai International Investment Holdings Limited and U.S. subsidiaries, which
were no longer indirectly held through its subsidiary, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong).

3. During the Reporting Period, the chairman of Jiangsu Equity Exchange was changed to Ms. Li Yun
from Mr. Hu Zhi.




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
4. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures completed the change of sessions of the board of
directors. Mr. Hu Zhi was appointed as the chairman of the fifth session of the board of directors of




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Huatai Futures.

5. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management completed the change of sessions of the
board of directors. Mr. Chen Tianxiang and Ms. Jiao Xiaoning were appointed as directors of the third
session of the board of directors of Huatai Asset Management.


(III) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please
refer to the appendix.




                                                                                                                    121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XV. PERFORMANCE OF CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

          (I) Poverty alleviation efforts of the Company

          1. Targeted poverty alleviation planning

          The Company strives to display the industrial advantages of the capital market and professional financial
          advantages, integrate the capital, technology, talents, management and other modern production factors
          into rural areas and focus on party building and joint development, industrial assistance, consumption
          support and public welfare support to contribute to the comprehensive vitalization of rural areas in the new
          times.

          (1) Party building and joint development

          The Company follows the leadership of the party in rural vitalization. With the improvement of the organization
          ability as the focus, it strengthens communications and cooperation through resources sharing, the
          cultivation of party members, jointly organization of activities and creation of brands and advances party
          building together with party organizations in rural areas.

          (2) Industrial assistance

          The Company inspects rural enterprises in parks and provides differentiated financial services for
          enterprises of different sizes and types and in different development stages based on accurate market
          demands for enterprise capitals. Meanwhile, it focuses on increasing the revenue of village collectives and
          provides assistance to industrial projects to boost the collective economy and support the development of
          featured industries in rural areas through various measures.

          (3) Consumption support

          It establishes a new type of production and sales partnership. Leveraging on the platform advantage of the
          Company, it assists in the sales of agricultural and sideline products, promotes the application of Internet
          recourses and facilitates the establishment of Internet-based marketing platforms to expand online sales
          channels for agricultural and sideline products.

          (4) Public welfare support

          The Company actively participates in public welfare projects in rural areas and supports the development
          of rural roads, culture, education, medical treatment and other public utilities to further enhance the senses
          of happiness and fulfillment of local residents.

          2. Outline of targeted poverty alleviation of the year

          2020 was a decisive year for poverty alleviation in China. The Company firmly practiced the ESG principles
          and earnestly performed social responsibilities. Under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with
          Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, the Company accurately satisfied the demands of poverty alleviation
          in impoverished regions with its talents, technology and resources. It assisted in high-efficient agricultural
          facilities in Feng County, Jiangsu, beef and mutton processing factories and water purification projects in
          Xinghe County, Inner Mongolia, the “Healthy Growth Program on Girls in Guizhou” in Tongren City, Guizhou,
          the “Special Support Program on Love Rescue” in Susong County, Anhui, the “Glorious Life” care program
          of the Yangzi Veteran Care Foundation in Jiangsu, the “99 Public Welfare Day”, the “Drop • Dream Poverty
          Alleviation and Scholarship Project of Provincial Enterprises” and other assistance projects. It procured
          “Sihong rice” from Jiangsu, “Dazhaoshengquan（ 大 昭 聖 泉 ）” mineral water from Tibet, camellia oil from
          Hubei, “Love apples” from Shaanxi and other poverty alleviation products in the form of consumption. The
          Company continued to visit impoverished families in Jinzhai and Feng County on the New Year’s Day, the
          Spring Festival and other important festivals. It visited a total of 59 families and brought care and warmth
          from the society and organizations to them. The branches and subsidiaries of the Company participated




122
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
in poverty alleviation with a high sense of political responsibilities. The Northwest Branch organized poverty
alleviation campaigns for Suasu Village in Tekes County. The Guangdong Branch conducted live commerce
in Shangwei Village, Liuhuang Town, Fengshun County, Meizhou City. Investment banking subsidiaries
actively raised funds for enterprises in impoverished areas in the capital market. Huatai Futures entered
into strategic cooperation agreements on targeted poverty alleviation with Pingxiang City, Jiangxi Province,
Tongbai County, Henan Province and Jiange County, Sichuan Province. It expanded the pilot “insurance
+ futures” program in Jiangcheng County, Yunnan and Nanjiang County, Sichuan. The results in poverty
alleviation were recognized by all walks of life and the Company was awarded the “Advanced Unit in Poverty
Alleviation in the Province in 2018-2019” by the Leading Group on Poverty Alleviation of Jiangsu Province.

On the basis of the success in eradicating poverty of supported targets, the Company provided targeted
assistance to 10 villages in the middle and north parts of Jiangsu Province in the campaign of “Enterprises                        About Us
Join Hands with Villages in Vitalization”. After in-depth research and study, the Company set out 14 projects
for joint construction and strived to explore “insurance + futures”, “Internet + agriculture” and other joint
construction models by villages and enterprises with the characteristics of Huatai to actively contribute to
rural vitalization.

3. Achievements of targeted poverty alleviation
                                                                                  Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB



                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Index                                                                  Number and implementation information

                                              I. General information


                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Including: 1.Funds                                                                                           3,240.81

           2.Goods converted to money                                                                               －
           3.Number of poor people who are removed from
           administrative record for poverty administration with                                                    －
           the help of the Company (Persons)
                                                 II. Itemized input




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
1. Poverty alleviation through industrial development

                                                                       √ Poverty alleviation through agriculture
                                                                         and forestry industry
                                                                       □ Poverty alleviation through tourism
                                                                       □ Poverty alleviation through E-commerce
Including: 1.1 Types of industrial poverty alleviation projects        □ Poverty alleviation through assets and
                                                                         income
                                                                       □ Poverty alleviation through science and
                                                                         technology
                                                                       □ Others
           1.2 Number of industrial poverty alleviation projects



                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                                                                     2
           (Projects)

           1.3 Amount invested in industrial poverty alleviation
                                                                                                              260.00
           projects



                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
           1.4 Number of poor people who are removed from
           administrative record for poverty administration with                                                    –
           the help of the Company (Persons)
2. Poverty alleviation through education

Including: 2.1 Amount invested in subsidizing poor students                                                     50.82

           2.2 Number of students receiving allowance (Persons)                                                     －
           2.3 improvement of education resources in poverty
                                                                                                               100.00
           areas




                                                                                                                          123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Index                                                                  Number and implementation information

          3. Poverty alleviation in ecological protection

                                                                                 √ Carrying out ecological protection and
                                                                                   construction
                                                                                 □ Establishing compensation mode of
          Including: 3.1 Name of projects                                          ecological protection
                                                                                 □ Setting up ecological public welfare
                                                                                   posts
                                                                                 □ Others
                     3.2 Amount invested                                                                           279.00
          4. Social poverty alleviation

          Including: 4.1 Amount invested in poverty alleviation in East and
                                                                                                                    20.00
                     West China

                     4.2 Amount invested in targeted poverty alleviation                                            386.10

                     4.3 Public funds for poverty alleviation                                                       201.55
          5. Other projects

          Including: 5.1 Number of projects (Project)                                                                   4

                     5.2 Amount invested                                                                          1,943.34

                     5.3 Number of poor people who are removed from
                     administrative record for poverty administration with                                              -
                     the help of the Company (Persons)

                                                                                    Supporting charity and public welfare
                     5.4 Details of other projects                                 undertakings and fighting the COVID-19
                                                                                                                 epidemic
                                                     III. Awards (content and level)

          “Advanced Unit in Poverty Alleviation in the Province in 2018-2019” awarded by the Leading Group on
          Poverty Alleviation of Jiangsu Province



          4. Follow-up targeted poverty alleviation plan

          With the success in battling poverty as the new starting point, the Company will maintain high investments
          and comprehensively advance the effective linkage between the overall elimination of poverty and the
          vitalization of rural areas. It will continue to well-targeted assistance with the “linkage of five parties” and
          dispatch poverty alleviation members to provide on-site assistance. It will promote the implementation of
          poverty alleviation projects through financial assistance, supporting industries and public welfare programs
          and continuously consolidate the local results in the battle against poverty. The Company will proactively
          participate in rural vitalization, earnestly perform the campaign of “Enterprises Join Hands with Villages in
          Vitalization” and provide targeted assistance to 10 villages in the middle and north parts of Jiangsu Province
          to promote the implementation of live pig futures, cultural tourism in rural areas, e-commerce storage and
          other projects under joint construction as soon as possible. It will give play to the roles of CPC members and
          volunteers, carry forward the volunteering spirit of dedication, kindness, mutual assistance and progress,
          guide all employees to actively perform ESG principles and help those need help with love to display the
          value pursuit and undertaking of Huatai staff.




124
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Social Responsibilities

The Company is listed as a financial company on SSE and also listed inside and outside China. While
disclosing its 2020 Annual Report, the Company will also disclose the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility
Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. For details of the report, please check the website of SSE (www.sse.com.
cn), the HKEXnews website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of the Company (www.htsc.com.cn)
on March 24, 2021.

1. Social Responsibility Management



                                                                                                                                   About Us
Responsibility Principles

Huatai Securities has always been adhering to its core values of “efficiency, honesty, prudency, and
innovation” and its business philosophy of “centering on customer service, driven by customer demand, and
aiming for customer satisfaction”, striving to create value for customers, shareholders, employees, society
and other stakeholders.




                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
The Company always places
its customers at the center and



                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
strives to create value for its                       Trust of
customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                    The Company values people that
trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                    are both talented and morally
services.
                                                                                    respectable, for whom it has
                                                                                    built a solid career development
                                                                                    platform and fostered an
                                                       Social
                                                                                    optimistic corporate culture, so
                                                   Responsibility                   as to achieve common growth
                                 Satisfaction of                     Pride of
                                                    Principles of                   with its employees.
                                 Shareholders                       Employees
                                                       Huatai




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                     Securities




The Company standardizes its                         Respect of
corporate governance structure                        Society
and attaches great importance                                                       The Company values the
to risk management and                                                              harmonious development of the
compliant operation, aiming to                                                      financial system and community,
achieve a stable increase in asset                                                  gives full play to its professional
value and ensure sustainable                                                        strengths to facilitate social




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
returns to its shareholders.                                                        advances. It also actively partici-
                                                                                    pates in social welfare promotion
                                                                                    and green development, fulfilling
                                                                                    its responsibilities as a corporate




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                                    citizen.




                                                                                                                          125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Management Structure of Social Responsibility

          Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) are the three major aspects of corporate social
          responsibility management. Employing ESG management as part of its development strategy, the
          Company established an ESG committee and ESG implementation teams to continuously improve its
          ESG management structure and continued to improve the systematicness and effectiveness of its ESG
          management.

          In 2020, the Company convened two meetings of the ESG Committee, considered and approved the
          Environmental and Social Management Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., the Responsible Investment
          Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., the Due Diligence Work Guideline on Environmental, Social and
          Corporate Governance (ESG) of Customers of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Customers ESG Due Diligence
          Guideline”) and other documents to promote the standard and effective implementation of the ESG
          management.




          Social Responsibility Management Structure
          of Huatai Securities

          Supervision level                                                 Board of
          · Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                             Directors


                                                                         Senior
          Management level                                             management
          · Formulate ESG strategies for the Company
          · Evaluate the importance of ESG-
          related affairs which will be taken into                     ESG Committee
                                                           (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
          consideration in business operations            Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
          · Supervise the implementation and
          progress of ESG strategies
                                                   Permanent members                      Professional
          · Identify ESG-related                   (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                            members
          opportunities and risks                   departments  and  subsidiaries)


                                                                 ESG Management Team
          Execution level                      Fixed Income Department
                                               Research Institute                       Persons-in-charge of other
          · Actual implementation              Human Resources Department               relevant departments and
                                               Risk Management Department               subsidiaries and backbone
          of ESG relevant work                 Strategy and Development Department      members with expertise
                                               Huatai Asset Management                  knowledge and professional
                                               Huatai International                     capabilities in ESG
                                               Huatai Purple Gold
                                               Huatai United Securities




          2. Steady operation and return the trust of shareholders

          In strict accordance with the dual regulatory requirements for listed companies and securities companies,
          the Company conscientiously implements the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Standards for the
          Governance of Listed Companies (《上 市 公 司 治 理 準 則》) and other documents, keeps promoting the
          modernization of its corporate governance system and governance capacity.

          The Company optimizes the operation mechanism for operation and management of general meetings,
          scientific decision-making of the Board, efficient implementation of senior management and strict
          supervision of the Supervisory Committee following the principles of independent operation, effective
          checks and balances, mutual cooperation and coordinated operation of various governance bodies to
          improve its corporate governance efficiency.




126
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Acted in strict accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Disclosure of Information of Listed
Companies issued by the CSRC and other legal norms and relevant requirements, the Company also
formulated the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, the Internal Reporting System for Material
Information, Registration Management and Confidentiality System for Insiders of Inside Information and
other rules and regulations to provide comprehensive regulation on information disclosure of the Company,
so as to disclose information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner, and ensure that all




                                                                             A
shareholders have equal access to relevant information of the Company.




                     AA                                                                                                About Us
     In 2020, Huatai Securities continued to be            In 2020, the Company was rated the
     rated Class AA under Category A by the                highest-level Class A in the 2019-2020
     China Securities Regulatory Commission                information disclosure evaluation of
     in its categorized assessment of securities           listed companies by the Shanghai Stock
     companies.                                            Exchange.




                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
3. Devoted to Long-term Development of Sustainable Finance



                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Strengthening ESG Risk Management

Huatai Securities always considers the management of ESG risks as an important factor in its sustainable
development and has formulated and released the Environmental and Social Management Statement of
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. It practices the commitment on sustainable development through consistently
improving management and enhancing practice.

In 2020, the Company released and promoted the implementation of the Guidelines for Due Diligence on
Clients’ Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Clients’




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
ESG Due Diligence Guidelines”), integrating the ESG due diligence management mechanism into the full
process of the financing, equity investment and investment banking businesses of relevant departments
of the headquarters of the Company and its subsidiaries and achieving the organic integration of ESG and
credit risks management and business development.

Practice the Concept of Responsible Investment

Huatai Securities actively responds to domestic and overseas development trends and formulated the
Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020. The Company integrated the
concept of responsible investment into various businesses and gradually established a responsible
investment framework system, which prevents investment risks, creates economic benefits and enhances




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
social benefits of investments at the same time.

In 2020, the Company vigorously participated in green bonds investment and impact investment and
balance social and environmental benefits while seek economic benefits. As of the end of 2020, the



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Company held a total amount of RMB1.92 billion of green bonds and RMB1.6 billion of poverty alleviation
bonds. Besides, the company and its partners held the “One Yangtze River” Sustainable Development
Forum in Beijing with the theme of “Exploring the Ecological and Environmental Access to ESG Investments”
to establish a platform for dialogue between the capital market and ecological protection and promote
capital inflow.

The development of green finance

Huatai Securities is fully aware of the impact of climate change on the global economy and the urgency
of responding to climate change. By actively serving green industries such as environmental protection,
energy conservation, and clean energy, Huatai Securities has guided and encouraged more social funds
to invest in the green economy and help China achieve the goal of carbon neutrality. In 2020, Huatai United




                                                                                                              127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Securities assisted Jiangbei Public to successfully issue the first domestic non-financial corporate climate
          bond. This bond not only met the domestic green certification standards, but also successfully obtained the
          "Water Facility" green certification of The Climate Bonds Initiative.

          The development of green finance is an important driving force for achieving green development. Huatai
          Securities has promoted the development of green finance with a high sense of responsibility and mission,
          and contributed to the sustainable development of our country's green finance by supporting the listing of
          energy-saving and environmentally friendly companies, the issuance of green bonds, and the establishment
          of innovative products. In 2020, Huatai Securities helped Yuanda Environmental to issue special green asset-
          backed plans and helped Nanjing Environment to become one of the first listed companies under the GEM
          registration system. In 2020, Huatai Securities underwrote 27 green bonds, with a total financing scale of
          RMB22.122 billion.

          Serving the real economy

          Huatai Securities actively responded to national policies, promoted multiple epidemic prevention and
          control support projects, including guiding the flow of funds to epidemic prevention material manufacturers,
          virus detection kits and vaccine research and development companies, epidemic prevention medical
          infrastructure construction companies and other anti-epidemic front-line companies, to pool financial
          power to help fight the epidemic and win the battle against the epidemic. In 2020, Huatai Securities issued
          32 bonds for epidemic prevention and control, with a total financing scale of RMB16.105 billion.

          The Company has been committed to providing continuous liquidity guarantee for the steady development
          of technological innovation enterprises and continuously introducing new innovation and development
          forces into the capital market, through financial services such as boosting the listing of these enterprises on
          the Science and Technology Innovation Board. In 2020, the Company successfully promoted 13 companies
          including Trina Solar, Farasis Energy, Aidea Pharmaceuticals, Shijia Photons and other companies to log on
          to the Sci-tech Innovation Board, ranking No.2 in the number of enterprises sponsored by us.

          The Company is committed to providing professional financial services for high growth private enterprises
          and innovative enterprises. Focusing on the needs of various stages of enterprise development, the Company
          provides comprehensive full-cycle financial services for the entire industry chain, and grows together with the
          enterprises. In 2020, the Company has provided continuous services to 14 companies, including Aier Eye and
          WuXi AppTec, fully supporting the sustainable and healthy development of private companies.

          As the only company in China that has both GDR issuer and underwriter experience, Huatai Securities has
          actively conformed to the national strategy and made full use of domestic and foreign resources to provide
          professional and comprehensive financial services for Chinese companies to "go global", and all-round
          support for building a new pattern of opening capital market to the outside world. In 2020, the Company has
          successfully promoted Yangtze Power and China Pacific Insurance’s GDR Issuance and listing.

          4. Improving Customer Experience with Fintech

          Finance is the foundation of Huatai Securities, and technology is an important driver of business innovation.
          The Company has always adhered to the concept of "Technology empowering the future, data driving
          development", and focused on the strategic goal of "digital transformation", continued to promote digital
          transformation, with an aim to provide customers with high-quality products and services.

          In 2020, the Company has continued to deepen the research and application of new technologies such
          as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and fast trading, focused on optimizing the layout
          of financial technology infrastructure, strengthened data governance and data asset precipitation, and
          used financial technology to innovate financial scenarios and ecology, thus continuing to empower the
          Company's business development.

          Since the launch of the mobile wealth management terminal "Zhangle Fortune Path" in 2014, the Company
          has continued to optimize and upgrade it. In 2020, the Company's "Zhangle Wealth Link" released a total of
          22 versions, with more than 64 online functions, completing the user experience innovation and optimization
          of multiple modules such as homepage, market information, trading, wealth management, and account,
          making it more efficient, intelligent and convenient to meet the diversified needs of customers.




128
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
  Zhangle Fortune Path


the cumulative downloads                    the number of active users in              becoming the first brokerage
since its launch was about                  July 2020 exceeded                         APP with monthly activity
                                                                                       exceeding tens of millions



58,062,500                                  10,000,000                                    1
                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                            for the first time




5. Support for Employee Development Based on the Concept of “People-Oriented”

Strictly observed the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 勞 動 法 》), Labour
Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 勞 動 合 同 法 》) and other laws and
regulations, the Company firmly opposed discrimination in employment, equally treated every jobseeker


                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
and employee, and ensured fair employment and occupational development that does not be affected by
race, belief, sex, religion, nationality, ethnic group, age, marital status, disability, social status, etc. In addition,


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
the Company paid attention to the employment of female candidates and minority ethnic candidates, and
provided equal and fair employment opportunities for female candidates.

The Company strictly observed the Law on the Protection of Minors (《中華人民共和國未成年人保護法》), the
Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour (《禁止使用童工規定》) and other laws and regulations,
by strictly verifying employees’ information to resolutely put an end to the recruitment of child labour.
Meanwhile, the Company formulated the Attendance Checking System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., which
clearly specifies employees’ working hours, and examined employees’ work intensity on a regular basis to




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
avoid the occurrence of forced labour. In 2020, no confirmed event concerning illegal employment and
labour was found in the Company.

Based on the technology-empowered “two-pronged” strategy and empowering people, the Company
built a talent development system with the quality as an international investment banking employee
should have, customer value-added capabilities and digital transformation capabilities, so as to practically
improve the systematization, pertinence and practicality of training. In 2020, the Company conducted
Huatai “STAR”, “HIPO” and “BAL” series training programs, effectively supporting employees to continuously
improve their comprehensive qualities and professional competence at every stage of their career.




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
  In 2020




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
   Staff training attendance                   Average training hours                    Percentage of staff trained
                                             completed per employee (for
                                                 parent company)



        77,957                                        64.06                                      100%
         person times                                     hours




                                                                                                                            129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          6. Giving Back to the Community so as to Create Common Value

          Supporting Poverty Alleviation

          At the critical moment for poverty alleviation, Huatai Securities persistently took poverty alleviation as a
          major political task, major development task, major people’s livelihood task and major action deployment
          and sincerely served the national poverty alleviation strategy.

          The Company has actively responded to the initiative of “One Company Helps One County” assistance in
          pair and the “Five-Party Linkage” targeted assistance in the economically unprivileged counties of northern
          Jiangsu, proactively assumed the social responsibility for poverty alleviation, and explored the targeted
          poverty alleviation model in various aspects. 2020 has been a critical year to overcome the challenges of
          poverty alleviation. The Company has taken assisting poverty alleviation as principal political mission and
          continued to increase its efforts in assistance.

          In 2020, Huatai Securities got full marks in the special evaluation of social responsibility performance such
          as poverty alleviation by the Securities Association of China, and was awarded the honorary title of “2018-2019
          Advanced Unit for Provincial Assistance” by the Jiangsu Leading Group for Poverty Alleviation.

          Dedicating to Public Welfare

          Huatai Securities launched the campaign “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River” in 2018 in
          active response to the national strategy of Great Protection of Yangtze River, and cooperated with NGOs
          such as the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and Shan Shui Nature Conservation Center, as well as other private
          protection authorities, university research institutions and the public, to jointly protect the biodiversity
          of the Yangtze River Basin and promote sustainable development. In 2020, the Company has launched
          “Citizen Scientist Actions” in Wuhan, Beijing, Suzhou, Shenzhen and other places. As an important part of the
          ecological protection project of “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River”, more and more
          customers, the public and employees could be able to take the first step in understanding biodiversity “from
          home” through nature observation projects, and became the “seed power” to promote the concept of
          ecological protection.

          Providing high-quality growth environment for rural children, plays a vital role in the development of
          education. Huatai Securities adheres to the concept of “people-oriented” and has launched the “One
          Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education program for five consecutive years. The
          Company offered targeted services to left -behind children and teachers according to the di-fferentiated
          demands of the schools, including neighborly action, summer training for class teachers, funding for
          children in need, natural education, psychological counselling, expert lectures in schools and heritage of folk
          dance of Tujia nationality. As at December 31, 2020, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow”
          rural education program benefited 48,582 children and 2,773 teachers.

          In addition, faced with the tense situation of epidemic prevention and control, Huatai Securities responded
          quickly, while ensuring prevention and control of the epidemic within the Company, immediately took such
          actions as establishing special fund of public health, donating epidemic prevention materials and providing
          special support for special groups involved in the epidemic to support epidemic prevention and control in
          infected areas, and demonstrate responsibility with practical actions.




130
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(III) Environmental Information

The Company is a financial company, which is not in the list of severely polluting units and their major
subsidiaries published by the environmental protection authority. The Company entrusts qualified third-
party organizations to conduct inspection for the wastewater, exhaust gases and noises of the headquarters
office every year. According to the 2020 environmental assessment report, the levels of exhaust gases, water
quality and noises are in line with the national standards.

In 2020, Huatai Securities Square consumed approximately 153,800 tons of water, representing a decrease
of 25,700 tons or 5.9% as compared to 2019. The total consumption of natural gas in 2020 was approximately
885,400 cubic meters, representing a decrease of 240,000 cubic meters or 27.19% as compared to 2019.

                                                                                                                         About Us
The solar photovoltaic power generation system of the Company saved 85,578 kWh of electricity in 2020
and has cumulatively saved more than 400,000 kWh of electricity through such measures as light-guided
lighting system, water pumps in gardens and intelligent lighting control in office areas. Its power factors
reached the incentive standards of the power supply bureau each month and it has met the annual
energy-saving indexes for the year and was granted an incentive of approximately RMB240,000.

At the same time, in order to protect the ecology, prevent pollution, and fulfill its environmental
responsibilities, the Company has adopted many measures to promote energy conservation and
environmental protection:

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
1. The greening rate of Huatai Securities Square is 27.9%, which is higher than that of general office areas



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
for business. Around the concept of garden-like office, the Company created a multi-level landscape to
optimize the environment of the office with more comfort, in addition to the greening in central area.

2. The underground garage of Huatai Securities Square is equipped with charging piles for new energy
vehicles and electric motorcycles to encourage employees to practice green commuting.

3. In November 2019, the Company started the low-nitrogen transformation of six Viessmann boilers in
Huatai Securities Square, and as of July 31, 2020, six steam boilers had been transformed. The nitrogen oxide
emission concentration of a single boiler after transformation will be reduced from 120-150 mg/m³ to 30 mg/




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
m³, which is lower than the requirement of 50 mg/m³ in Nanjing City.

4. With the popularity of cloud desktop in recent years, the demand for printed products has been gradually
declined and the advantage of centralized procurement has been reduced. Environmental pollution as
a result of the reliance on logistic transportation of printed products has been attracting attention. As a
result, the Company delegated the power in the procurement of printed products to all branches to reduce
the logistic transportation cost and the exhaust emission and oil and gas consumption in transportation
through local procurement.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XVI. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS

          XVII. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
          COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATING RESULTS
          For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operating
          results, please refer to “(II) Guarantees” under “Major Events” under “XIII. Material Contracts and Performance
          Thereof” in this report.


          XVIII. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

          (I) Changes in shareholders, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
          Company

          1. On February 8, 2021, the Resolution in Relation to the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of
          the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved at the 2021 first extraordinary
          general meeting of the Company and Mr. Ke Xiang was elected as a non-executive Director of the fifth
          session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Ke Xiang has replaced Mr. Xu Qing to serve as a non-executive
          Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company since February 8, 2021 until the end of the term of
          the current session of the Board.

          2. On March 1, 2021, Mr. Sun Hanlin was elected as chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Equity
          Exchange at the meeting of the board of directors of Jiangsu Equity Exchange.

          (II) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution

          Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report.

          (III) Material Investment and financing activities

          Please refer to note 65 to the financial statements headed “Events after the reporting date” in this report.

          (IV) Material litigation and arbitration

          After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

          (V) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary

          After the Reporting Period, the Company did not conduct any business combination or disposal of
          subsidiary.




132
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(VI) Establishment and relocation of securities sales departments and branches

                                                                                                  Issue Date
No. Name before Relocation        Name after Relocation         Address after Relocation          of License

     Securities Branch in    Securities Branch in               No. 16-1 to 16-3 Fenghuang
                                                                                                  January
1    Dongfang Road, Danyang, Fenghuang Road, Danyang,           Road, Danyang Development
                                                                                                  12, 2021
     Zhenjiang               Zhenjiang                          Zone

     Securities Branch in                                       East Half of Jinxin Mansion,
                                  Securities Branch in Renmin                                     January
2    Renmin Middle Road,                                        No. 79 Renmin Middle Road,

                                                                                                                         About Us
                                  Middle Road, Nantong                                            12, 2021
     Nantong                                                    Chongchuan District, Nantong

                                                                Room 703, 7/F, Unit 1, Building
     Securities Branch in
                                  Securities Branch in Renmin   1, New Hope Mansion, No. 45       January
3    Renmin South Road,
                                  South Road, Chengdu           Section 4, Renmin South Road,     25, 2021
     Chengdu
                                                                Wuhou District, Chengdu

                                                                Rooms L1805 and L1806, China
                                  Securities Branch in China    Resources Building, No. 2666


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
     Securities Branch in Haide                                                                 January
4                                 Resources Building, Keyuan    Keyuan South Road, Haizhu
     Third Avenue, Shenzhen                                                                     25, 2021
                                  South Road, Shenzhen          Community, Yuehai Sub-district,


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                Nanshan District, Shenzhen

     Securities Branch
                                  Securities Branch in          No. 46, 47, 48 and 49 Miaojing
     in Wangyuan South                                                                            January
5                                 Wangyuan South Road,          New Village, Fengxian District,
     Road, Fengxian District,                                                                     27, 2021
                                  Fengxian District, Shanghai   Shanghai
     Shanghai

                                                                Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
     Securities Branch in                                       Block D, China Resources Land
                                  Securities Branch in China
     Xinnan First Avenue, High                                  Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,       January
6                                 Resources Land Building,
     and New-tech Zone,                                         Dachong Community, Yuehai         27, 2021
                                  Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
     Shenzhen                                                   Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                                Shenzhen



(VII) Share Incentive Scheme

After the Reporting Period, relevant events of the Company have been disclosed in ad hoc announcements.
Please see “XI. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentives




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Measures and their Implication” under “Important Events” for details.


(VIII) Other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
operation and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period

The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of operation
and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                133
3   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                            S
                                                        E
                                                    I
                                                T
                                            I
                                        R
                                    U
                                C
                            E
                        S

                    I
                A
            T
        A
    U
H




                            Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders           136

                            Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff   152

                            Corporate Governance                                  174

                            Corporate Bonds                                       224
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CHANGES IN ORDINARY
          SHARES AND
          SHAREHOLDERS




          I. CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in ordinary shares

          1. Statement of changes in ordinary shares

          During the Reporting Period, the total number of ordinary shares of the Company and the share capital
          structure remained unchanged.

          2. Other contents that the Company deemed necessary or securities regulatory authorities required to
          disclose

          On April 1, 2020, Guoxin Group notified the Company that it planned to increase its holding of H Shares of the
          Company via Southbound Trading within the six months from April 3, 2020, with the increased shareholding
          percentage in aggregate not less than 0.2203% (20 million shares) of the Company’s total shares and not
          higher than 0.5% of the Company’s total shares (see Shanghai Stock Exchange announcement 2020-030 for
          details).

          On June 4, 2020, Guoxin Group notified the Company that the implementation of the shareholding increase
          plan had been completed. During the period from April 3, 2020 to June 4, 2020, Guoxin Group has increased
          its holding of H Shares of the Company by 20,009,400 shares through Southbound Trading, accounting for
          approximately 0.2204% of the Company’s total shares, which reached the lower limit but did not exceed
          the upper limit of the shareholding increase plan; the cumulative amount of shareholding increase
          was RMB231,336,025.29 (exclusive of service fees). After the increase in shareholding, Guoxin Group held
          1,349,233,436 shares of the Company, accounting for approximately 14.8649% of the total shares of the
          Company (see Shanghai Stock Exchange announcement 2020-047 for details).




136
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

(I) Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                      Unit: Shares Currency: RMB

                                                 Issue                                             Number of
Types of shares and their                    price (or       Number of                              securities Ending date
                               Date of issue                                Date of listing
derivative securities                         interest securities issued                      permitted to be of the trading
                                                 rate)                                      listed for trading

Convertible corporate bonds, detachable convertible bonds, corporate bonds


                                                                                                                                            About Us
Corporate bonds                  2013-06-05     5.10%     RMB6.0 billion       2013-07-17     RMB6.0 billion     2023-06-05

Corporate bonds                   2016-12-06    3.78%     RMB2.5 billion        2016-12-13    RMB2.5 billion      2021-12-05

Corporate bonds                   2016-12-14    3.97%     RMB3.0 billion       2016-12-22     RMB3.0 billion       2021-12-13

Corporate bonds                   2018-11-26    3.88%     RMB3.0 billion        2018-12-11    RMB3.0 billion       2021-11-25

Corporate bonds                   2018-11-26     4.17%     RMB1.0 billion       2018-12-11     RMB1.0 billion     2023-11-25

Corporate bonds                   2019-03-19    3.68%     RMB7.0 billion      2019-03-29       RMB7.0 billion     2022-03-18

Corporate bonds                  2019-04-22     3.80%     RMB5.0 billion      2019-04-29      RMB5.0 billion      2022-04-21



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Corporate bonds                 2020-03-26      2.99%     RMB8.0 billion      2020-04-02      RMB8.0 billion     2023-03-25

Corporate bonds                 2020-04-29      2.90%     RMB3.5 billion     2020-05-08       RMB3.5 billion     2025-04-28



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Corporate bonds                  2020-05-21     3.20%     RMB3.0 billion      2020-05-27      RMB3.0 billion     2025-05-20

Corporate bonds                  2020-06-18     2.58%     RMB2.3 billion      2020-06-24       RMB2.3 billion     2021-06-17

Corporate bonds                  2020-06-18     3.10%     RMB3.2 billion      2020-06-24       RMB3.2 billion     2023-06-17

Corporate bonds                   2020-11-24    3.90%     RMB3.5 billion       2020-11-30     RMB3.5 billion      2023-11-23

Corporate bonds                  2020-12-09     3.67%     RMB4.0 billion       2020-12-18     RMB4.0 billion      2022-12-08

Corporate bonds                  2020-12-09     3.79%     RMB4.0 billion       2020-12-18     RMB4.0 billion      2023-12-08




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Short-term Corporate bonds       2020-08-31     3.10%     RMB5.5 billion      2020-09-07      RMB5.5 billion     2021-08-30

Short-term Corporate bonds       2020-08-31     3.05%      RMB1.5 billion     2020-09-07       RMB1.5 billion     2021-05-27

Short-term Corporate bonds        2020-09-11    3.20%     RMB5.0 billion      2020-09-17      RMB5.0 billion      2021-08-10

Short-term Corporate bonds       2020-09-17     3.15%     RMB4.0 billion      2020-09-24      RMB4.0 billion      2021-04-16

Subordinated bonds               2017-07-27     4.95%     RMB5.0 billion       2017-08-16     RMB5.0 billion     2020-07-26

Subordinated bonds                2018-03-15    5.65%      RMB1.0 billion     2018-03-30       RMB1.0 billion    2020-03-14

Subordinated bonds               2018-05-10     5.20%     RMB2.8 billion      2018-05-25      RMB2.8 billion     2021-05-09

Subordinated bonds                2020-11-13    4.48%     RMB5.0 billion       2020-11-24     RMB5.0 billion       2025-11-12

Non-public Corporate bonds       2017-02-24     4.65%     RMB2.0 billion      2017-03-09      RMB2.0 billion     2020-02-23




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Non-public Corporate bonds        2017-05-15    5.25%     RMB6.0 billion      2017-09-20      RMB6.0 billion     2020-05-14

Non-public Corporate bonds       2019-05-27     3.94%     RMB5.0 billion      2019-06-06      RMB5.0 billion     2022-05-26




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Non-public Corporate bonds        2019-10-24    3.68%     RMB4.0 billion       2019-10-31     RMB4.0 billion      2022-10-23

Non-public Corporate bonds       2020-07-24     3.20%    RMB10.0 billion      2020-07-30      RMB10.0 billion    2022-07-23

Financial bonds                   2019-08-21    3.40%     RMB6.0 billion      2019-08-22      RMB6.0 billion     2022-08-19

Short-term financing bonds         2019-10-11   2.83%     RMB5.0 billion       2019-10-12     RMB5.0 billion     2020-01-08

Short-term financing bonds         2019-11-14   3.05%     RMB5.0 billion        2019-11-15    RMB5.0 billion      2020-02-11

Short-term financing bonds        2019-12-06    3.02%     RMB5.0 billion       2019-12-09     RMB5.0 billion     2020-03-04

Short-term financing bonds       2020-01-06     2.80%     RMB6.0 billion      2020-01-07      RMB6.0 billion     2020-04-03

Short-term financing bonds       2020-02-10     2.65%     RMB5.0 billion       2020-02-11     RMB5.0 billion     2020-05-09

Short-term financing bonds       2020-02-27     2.39%     RMB3.0 billion      2020-02-28      RMB3.0 billion     2020-05-26




                                                                                                                                   137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                          Issue                                            Number of
          Types of shares and their                   price (or       Number of                             securities Ending date
                                        Date of issue                               Date of listing
          derivative securities                        interest securities issued                     permitted to be of the trading
                                                          rate)                                     listed for trading

          Short-term financing bonds     2020-03-06       2.31%    RMB4.0 billion    2020-03-09       RMB4.0 billion   2020-06-03

          Short-term financing bonds     2020-06-09      1.90%     RMB4.0 billion     2020-06-10      RMB4.0 billion    2020-08-27

          Short-term financing bonds     2020-06-16      2.20%     RMB4.0 billion     2020-06-17      RMB4.0 billion     2020-09-11

          Short-term financing bonds      2020-07-15     2.55%     RMB4.0 billion     2020-07-16      RMB4.0 billion     2020-10-12

          Short-term financing bonds     2020-08-14      2.62%     RMB3.0 billion     2020-08-17      RMB3.0 billion      2020-11-11

          Short-term financing bonds     2020-09-15      2.70%     RMB4.0 billion     2020-09-16      RMB4.0 billion     2020-12-11

          Short-term financing bonds      2020-12-15     2.94%     RMB5.0 billion      2020-12-16     RMB5.0 billion     2021-03-12


          Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period (for the bonds with different interest
          rates in the duration period, please explain separately):

          1. Corporate bonds

          (1) Corporate bonds issued in previous years but still in the duration period

          On June 5, 2013, the Company publicly issued the 2013 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities to public
          investors with an amount of RMB6 billion at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 10-year fixed rates
          with a coupon rate of 5.10%. Such bonds were listed for trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on July
          17, 2013. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “13 Huatai 02” and “122262.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB6 billion with the trading ended on June
          5, 2023.

          On December 6, 2016, the Company publicly issued the 2016 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
          Tranche) (Type II) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.5 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.78%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on December 13, 2016, the abbreviation and code were “16 Huatai G2” and
          “136852.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.5
          billion with the trading ended on December 5, 2021.

          On December 14, 2016, the Company publicly issued the 2016 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second
          Tranche) (Type II) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.97%. Such bonds were listed for trading on the
          Shanghai Stock Exchange on December 22, 2016, the abbreviation and code were “16 Huatai G4” and “136874.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3 billion with
          the trading ended on December 13, 2021.

          On November 26, 2018, the Company publicly issued the 2018 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
          Tranche) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB3
          billion with a coupon rate of 3.88%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB1 billion with a
          coupon rate of 4.17%. Such bonds were listed for trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on December 11,
          2018. The abbreviation and code of the 3-year bonds were “18 Huatai G1” and “155047.SH”, respectively, and
          the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3 billion with the trading ended on
          November 25, 2021; the abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “18 Huatai G2” and “155048.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1 billion with the
          trading ended on November 25, 2023.

          On March 19, 2019, the Company publicly issued the 2019 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First Tranche)
          to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB7 billion at an issue price of RMB100 per
          bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.68%. Such bonds were listed for trading on March
          29, 2019. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “19 Huatai G1” and “155240.SH”, respectively, and




138
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB7 billion with the trading ended on
March 18, 2022.

On April 22, 2019, the Company publicly issued the 2019 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second
Tranche) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.80%. Such bonds were listed for trading
on April 29, 2019. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “19 Huatai G3” and “155358.SH”, respectively,
and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5 billion with the trading ended
on April 21, 2022.

(2) Corporate bonds issued during the Reporting Period

On March 26, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First                     About Us
Tranche) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB8 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.99%. Such bonds were listed for trading
on April 2, 2019. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai G1” and “163353.SH”, respectively,
and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB8 billion with the trading ended
on March 25, 2023.

On April 29, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Tranche) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.5 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.90%. Such bonds were listed for trading



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
on May 8, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai G3” and “163482.SH”, respectively,
and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.5 billion with the trading
ended on April 28, 2025.

On May 21, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third Tranche)
to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3 billion at an issue price of RMB100 per
bond, carrying 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.20%. Such bonds were listed for trading on May 27,
2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai G4” and “163558.SH”, respectively, and the
amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3 billion with the trading ended on May




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
20, 2025.

On June 18, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
Tranche) to qualified investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.5 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 1-year and 3-year fixed rates. The amount of the 1-year bonds came to RMB2.3
billion with a coupon rate of 2.58%, while the amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB3.2 billion with a
coupon rate of 3.10%. Such bonds were listed for trading on June 24, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the
1-year bonds were “20 Huatai G5” and “163669.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to
be listed for trading came to RMB2.3 billion with the trading ended on June 17, 2021; the abbreviation and
code of the 3-year bonds were “20 Huatai G6” and “163670.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.2 billion with the trading ended on June 17, 2023.



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
On November 24, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.5 billion at an issue price




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.90%. Such bonds were listed for
trading on November 30, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai G7” and “175473.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.5 billion with the
trading ended on November 23, 2023.

On December 9, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB8 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year and 3-year fixed rates. The amount of the 2-year bonds came to RMB4
billion with a coupon rate of 3.67%, while the amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB4 billion with a coupon
rate of 3.79%. Such bonds were listed for trading on December 18, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the
2-year bonds were “20 Huatai G8” and “175534.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to
be listed for trading came to RMB4 billion with the trading ended on December 8, 2022; the abbreviation and




                                                                                                               139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          code of the 3-year bonds were “20 Huatai G9” and “175535.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
          permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4 billion with the trading ended on December 8, 2023.

          2. Short-term corporate bonds

          (1) Short-term corporate bonds issued in previous years but still in the duration period

          None.

          (2) Short-term corporate bonds issued during the Reporting Period

          On August 31, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB7 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 1-year and 270-day fixed rates. The amount of the 1-year bonds came to
          RMB5.5 billion with a coupon rate of 3.10%, while the amount of the 270-day bonds came to RMB1.5 billion with
          a coupon rate of 3.05%. Such bonds were listed for trading on September 7, 2020. The abbreviation and code
          of the 1-year bonds were “20 Huatai S1” and “163823.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
          to be listed for trading came to RMB5.5 billion with the trading ended on August 30, 2021; the abbreviation
          and code of the 270-day bonds were “20 Huatai S2” and “163824.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.5 billion with the trading ended on May 27, 2021.

          On September 11, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 short-term corporate bonds of Huatai
          Securities (second tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5 billion at
          an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 11-month fixed rate with a coupon rate of 3.20%. Such bonds
          were listed for trading on September 17, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai S3”
          and “163828.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5
          billion with the trading ended on August 10, 2021.

          On September 17, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 short-term corporate bonds of Huatai
          Securities (third tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4 billion at
          an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 7-month fixed rate with a coupon rate of 3.15%. Such bonds
          were listed for trading on September 24, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai S4”
          and “163830.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4
          billion with the trading ended on April 16, 2021.

          3. Subordinated bonds

          (1) Subordinated bonds issued in previous years but still in duration period

          On July 27, 2017, the Company non-publicly issued the 2017 subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities (first
          tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai C2; bond code: 145664.SH) with an amount of RMB5 billion, a fixed
          term of 3 years and a coupon rate of 4.95%, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during
          the Reporting Period.

          On March 15, 2018, the Company non-publicly issued the 2018 subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities
          (first tranche) (abbreviation: 18 Huatai C1; bond code: 150175.SH) with an amount of RMB1 billion, a fixed term
          of 2 years and a coupon rate of 5.65%, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
          Reporting Period.

          On May 10, 2018, the Company non-publicly issued the 2018 subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities (second
          tranche) (type I) (abbreviation: 18 Huatai C2; bond code: 150386.SH) with an amount of RMB2.8 billion, a fixed
          term of 3 years and a coupon rate of 5.20%.

          (2) Subordinated bonds issued during the Reporting Period

          On November 13, 2020, the Company publicly issued the 2020 subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities (first
          tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed rate with a coupon rate of 4.48%. Such bonds were listed for




140
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
trading on November 24, 2020. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “20 Huatai C1” and “175409.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5 billion with the
trading ended on November 12, 2025.

4. Non-public corporate bonds

(1) Non-public corporate bonds issued in previous years but still in duration period

On February 24, 2017, the Company non-publicly issued the 2017 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (first
tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai 02; bond code: 145352.SH) came to RMB2 billion, a fixed term of
3 years and a coupon rate of 4.65%, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the

                                                                                                                             About Us
Reporting Period.

On May 15, 2017, the Company non-publicly issued the 2017 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (second
tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai 04; bond code: 145538) came to RMB6 billion, a fixed term of
3 years and a coupon rate of 5.25%, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.

On May 27, 2019, the Company non-publicly issued the 2019 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (first
tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 19 Huatai 02; bond code: 151579.SH) with an amount of RMB5 billion, a 3-year


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
fixed rate and a coupon rate of 3.94%.

On October 24, 2019, the Company non-publicly issued the 2019 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (second


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
tranche) (abbreviation: 19 Huatai 03; bond code: 162324.SH) with an amount of RMB4 billion, a 3-year fixed
rate and a coupon rate of 3.68%.

(2) Non-public corporate bonds issued during the Reporting Period

On July 24, 2020, the Company non-publicly issued the 2020 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (first
tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 20 Huatai 02; bond code: 167293.SH) with an amount of RMB10 billion, a term
of 2 years (with redemption option for the issuer at the end of the first year) and a coupon rate of 3.20%.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
5. Financial bonds

(1) Financial bonds issued in previous years but still in duration period

On August 21, 2019, the Company publicly issued the 2019 first tranche of financial bonds of RMB6 billion for a
fixed duration of 3 years, at a coupon rate of 3.40%. The bonds (“19 HTSC Financial Bond 01”, code: 091900018.
IB) were listed on August 22, 2019 and the amount approved for trading was RMB6 billion. The trading was
terminated on August 19, 2022.

(2) Financial bonds issued during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
No financial bonds issued during the Reporting Period.

6.Short-term debt instruments




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
(1) Short-term debt instruments issued in previous years but still in duration period

On October 11, 2019, the Company issued the 2019 fifth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB5 billion for
a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.83%. The debt instruments (“19 HTSC CP005”, code: 071900111.IB) were
listed on October 12, 2019 and the amount approved for trading was RMB5 billion. The trading was terminated on
January 8, 2020, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the Reporting Period.

On November 14, 2019, the Company issued the 2019 sixth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB5
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 3.05%. The debt instruments (“19 HTSC CP006”, code:
071900145.IB) were listed on November 15, 2019 and the amount approved for trading was RMB5 billion. The
trading was terminated on February 11, 2020, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during
the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                    141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          On December 6, 2019, the Company issued the 2019 seventh tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB5
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 3.02%. The debt instruments (“19 HTSC CP007”, code:
          071900163.IB) were listed on November 15, 2019 and the amount approved for trading was RMB5 billion. The
          trading was terminated on March 4, 2020, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
          Reporting Period.

          (2) Short-term debt instruments issued during the Reporting Period

          On January 6, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 first tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB6
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.80%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP001”, code:
          072000001.IB) were listed on January 7, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB6 billion. The
          trading was terminated on April 3, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On February 10, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 second tranche of short-term debt instruments of
          RMB5 billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.65%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP002”,
          code: 072000026.IB) were listed on February 11, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB5 billion.
          The trading was terminated on May 9, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On February 27, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 third tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.39%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP003”, code:
          072000047.IB) were listed on February 28, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3 billion.
          The trading was terminated on May 26, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On March 4, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 fourth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.31%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP004”, code:
          072000053.IB) were listed on March 9, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4 billion. The
          trading was terminated on June 3, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On June 9, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 fifth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4 billion
          for a duration of 80 days, at a coupon rate of 1.90%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP005”, code: 072000147.
          IB) were listed on June 10, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4 billion. The trading was
          terminated on August 27, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the Reporting Period.

          On June 16, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 sixth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.20%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP006”, code:
          072000156.IB) were listed on June 17, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4 billion. The
          trading was terminated on September 11, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On July 15, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 seventh tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.55%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP007”, code:
          072000180.IB) were listed on July 16, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4 billion. The trading
          was terminated on October 12, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the Reporting
          Period.

          On August 14, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 eighth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.62%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP008”, code:
          072000202.IB) were listed on August 17, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3 billion. The
          trading was terminated on November 11, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
          Reporting Period.

          On September 15, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 ninth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4
          billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.70%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP009”, code:
          072000225.IB) were listed on September 16, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4 billion. The




142
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
trading was terminated on December 11, 2020, and principal and interest payments were made during the
Reporting Period.

On December 15, 2020, the Company issued the 2020 tenth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB5
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.94%. The debt instruments (“20 HTSC CP010”, code:
072000225.IB) were listed on December 16, 2020 and the amount approved for trading was RMB5 billion. The
trading was terminated on March 12, 2021.

7. Offshore bonds

(1) Offshore bonds issued in previous years but still in the duration period

On May 23, 2019, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, completed the issuance of                 About Us
USD500 million bonds with a three-year maturity and a coupon rate of 3.375%. The listing place is the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. The guarantee of this issuance is provided by the Company with amount of USD500
million.

(2) Offshore bonds issued during the Reporting Period

On February 12, 2020, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, completed the issuance of


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
USD400 million bonds with a three-year maturity and floating rates. The listing place is the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. The guarantee of this issuance is provided by the Company with amount of USD400 million.



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
On November 27, 2020, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, completed
the issuance of USD50 million Medium Term Note Programme with a one-year maturity and a coupon rate
of 0.5%. The guarantee of this issuance is provided by Huatai International with amount of USD50 million.

8. Structured notes

During the Reporting Period, the Company cumulatively issued 3,716 structured notes, with a total amount of
RMB87.089 billion. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 859 structured notes in duration




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
period, with an amount of RMB20.458 billion.

(II) The Company had no employee shares


III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
(I) Total number of shareholders

Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                     303,041
Period



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                     316,378
the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                           –
as of the end of the Reporting Period

Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been
restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                          –
shall be disclosed

Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
shareholders of A Shares came to 295,271 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,770. Among
the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 28, 2021) prior
to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 308,714 and
registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,664.




                                                                                                                143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Shareholding of top ten shareholders and top ten holders of tradable shares (or
          holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions) as of the end of the Reporting
          Period
                                                                                                                    Unit: Shares
                                            Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                                    Increase/   Number of                Number of      Pledged or frozen
                                    decrease shares held as            shares held           shares
          Name of shareholder                               Percentage                                                Class of
                                   during the at the end of                 subject
          (in full name)                                           (%)                                            shareholder
                                   Reporting the Reporting                to selling   Statusof    Number of
                                       Period        Period             restrictions     shares       shares
          HKSCC Nominees                                                                                        Foreign legal
                                 -34,867,000 1,571,088,527      17.3091           -          Nil            -
          Limited                                                                                                     person

          Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Investment Group       20,009,400 1,349,233,436      14.8649            -          Nil            -
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Limited

          Jiangsu
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Communications          -5,000,000    484,065,418      5.3331           -          Nil            -
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Holding Co., Ltd.

          Govtor Capital                                                                                        State-owned
                                           - 356,233,206        3.9247            -          Nil            -
          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                        legal person

          Hong Kong
                                                                                                                Foreign legal
          Securities Clearing     113,657,258   275,419,648     3.0344            -          Nil            -
                                                                                                                      person
          Company Limited

                                                                                                                Domestic
          Alibaba (China)                                                                                      non state-
                                           -    268,199,233     2.9548            -          Nil            -
          Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                owned legal
                                                                                                                  person

          China Securities
          Finance Corporation              -    246,720,811      2.7182           -          Nil            -      Unknown
          Limited

          Essence Securities
          – China Merchants
          Bank – Essence
          Securities
                                 -48,870,526    198,675,067      2.1889           -          Nil            -      Unknown
          Dingzengbao No.
          1 Collective Asset
          Management
          Program
          Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Holdings Group Co.,      2,746,419    153,405,454      1.6901           -          Nil            -
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Ltd.

          China Construction
          Bank Corporation
          – Guotai CSI All
          Share Securities
                                  80,779,982     126,464,161     1.3933           -          Nil            -      Unknown
          Company Trading
          Index Securities
          Investment Open-
          ended Fund




144
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                      Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions

                                                 Number of tradable                         Class and number of shares
Name of shareholder                             shares not subject to
                                                  selling restrictions Class                                                         Number

HKSCC Nominees Limited                                       1,571,088,527 Overseas listed foreign shares                       1,571,088,527

Jiangsu Guoxin Investment                                                      Ordinary shares in RMB                           1,271,072,836
                                                            1,349,233,436
Group Limited                                                                  Overseas listed foreign shares                      78,160,600

Jiangsu Communications                                                         Ordinary shares in RMB                            447,065,418

                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                             484,065,418
Holding Co., Ltd.                                                              Overseas listed foreign shares                     37,000,000

                                                                               Ordinary shares in RMB                           342,028,006
Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                               356,233,206
                                                                               Overseas listed foreign shares                      14,205,200

Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                              275,419,648 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 275,419,648
Company Limited
Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd.                          268,199,233 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 268,199,233

China Securities Finance

                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                               246,720,811 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 246,720,811
Corporation Limited

Essence Securities -China


                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Merchants Bank – Essence
Securities Dingzengbao No. 1                                  198,675,067 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 198,675,067
Collective Asset Management
Program

Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group                                                    Ordinary shares in RMB                            138,427,054
                                                             153,405,454
Co., Ltd.                                                                      Overseas listed foreign shares                      14,978,400

China Construction Bank




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Corporation – Guotai CSI All
Share Securities Company                                       126,464,161 Ordinary shares in RMB                                  126,464,161
Trading Index Securities
Investment Open-ended Fund

                                                Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                                SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly-owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
Description of the connected
                                                Apart from the above, the Company is not aware of any connection
relationships or action in concert
                                                among other shareholders or whether such shareholders are parties
among the above shareholders
                                                acting in concert as specified in the Regulations on the Takeover of
                                                Listed Companies.

Explanation of shareholders of



                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
preferred shares with restored
                                                There are no shareholders of preferred shares in the Company
voting rights and number of
shares held



                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Notes:
1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A shares) represents the class of account held by shareholders registered with Shanghai
Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.
2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
Nominees Limited. During the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co.,
Ltd. severally purchased 78,160,600, 37,000,000, 14,205,200 and 14,978,400 H Shares of the Company through Southbound Trading. Such shares are
also held by HKSCC Nominees Limited on their behalves and are listed separately in this report. If such shares are included, the actual number of
shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited shall be 1,715,432,727, accounting for 18.90% of the total share capital of the Company.
3. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 5,000,000 A Shares held by Communications Holding remained outstanding due to refinancing. When
fully returned, the actual shareholding of Communications Holding in the Company will be 452,065,418 A Shares and 37,000,000 H Shares,
representing 5.3882% of the Company’s total shares.
4. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
5. According to the statistics provided by Citibank, National Association, the depositary of the Company’s GDRs, the Company had a total of
1,073,130 GDRs in the duration period as of the end of the Reporting Period, accounting for 1.30% of the approved number of issuance by the CSRC.




                                                                                                                                                    145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Strategic investors or common legal persons who became one of the top ten
          shareholders as a result of subscription of new shares allotted to them

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
          became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription of new shares allotted to them.




          IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          (I) Controlling Shareholders

          There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.

          (II) De facto controllers

          1. Legal Person

                                                                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
          Name                                                                          Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

          Person in charge or legal representative                                      Xu Guoping



          2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
          facto Controllers


                                                                   Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited




                                                                                                                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                                        14.8649%                                                                             100%




                                        5.3882%                    Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,Ltd.                   100%




                                        3.9247%                          Govtor Capital Group Co.,Ltd.                       100%




           Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.
                                        1.6901%                                                            Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                          Holdings Group     100%
                                        0.9118%    Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.       53.20%         Co.,Ltd.



                                                                                                25.42%
                                        0.2424%    Jiangsu Credit Re-guarantee Group Co.,Ltd.
                                                                                                10.51%
                                                                                                          Other provincial   100%
                                                                                                            enterprises


                                        0.2424%                   Jiangsu Coast Development Group Co.,Ltd.                   100%




                                        0.0314%                         Jiangsu Overseas Group Co.,Ltd.                      100%




          3. De facto controllers did not control the Company through trust or other asset management
          programs




146
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
V. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10%
SHAREHOLDING
                                                                               Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                Person in
Name of      charge or legal
legal-person representative     Date of                           Registered      Main businesses or
shareholder    of the unit   establishment    Organization code    capital       management activities

                                                                                   Investment, management,


                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                  operation, transfer of state-
Jiangsu
                                                                                    owned capital; enterprise
Guoxin
                 Xie Zhengyi   2002-02-22    91320000735724800G      300       trusteeship, assets restructuring,
Investment
                                                                               management consultation, house
Group Limited
                                                                                 leasing and other businesses
                                                                                         upon approval.

                Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
Remarks
                Shares.


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
VI. THE COMPANY HAD NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING
REDUCTION




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                      147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VII. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
          As of December 31, 2020, as far as the Directors are aware after having made all reasonable enquiries, the
          following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) held interests
          or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the Company under the
          provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register required to be kept by
          the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                   Percentage of     the total issued A Long position (Note
                 Number of                                                                        the total issued    Shares/H Shares      2)/short position
                 substantial                                                  Number of shares       shares of the    of the Company         (Note 3)/shares
           No.   shareholders        Class of shares    Nature of interests      held (share)       Company (%)                     (%) available for lending

                                                        Beneficial owner
                                          A Shares                                1,271,072,836           14.0038             17.2756         Long position
                                                                 (Note 1)
                 Jiangsu Guoxin
           1     Investment              H Shares
                 Group Limited                          Beneficial owner
                                     (Southbound                                    78,160,600              0.8611             4.5467         Long position
                                                                 (Note 1)
                                         Trading)

                                                        Beneficial owner
                                          A Shares                                 447,065,418            4.9254               6.0762         Long position
                                                                 (Note 1)
                 Jiangsu
           2     Communications          H Shares
                 Holding Co., Ltd.                      Beneficial owner
                                     (Southbound                                   37,000,000             0.4076               2.1524         Long position
                                                                 (Note 1)
                                         Trading)

                                                        Persons acting in
                                                          concert as one
                 Rosefinch Fund                          of the parties to
           3     Management               H Shares          the purchase           139,074,200             1.5322              8.0902         Long position
                 Co., Ltd.                                    agreement
                                                       described in 317(1)
                                                              (a) (Note 1)

                                                         Person having a
                                                                                    103,132,296             1.1362            5.9994          Long position
                                                        security interest/

                                                              interest of
           4     Citigroup Inc.           H Shares            controlled              894,400             0.0099               0.0520         Short position
                                                           corporations/

                                                       approved lending
                                                                                   100,249,706              1.1362             5.8317          Lending pool
                                                          agent (Note 1)

                                                             Interests of
                                                              controlled
                                                                                   86,922,622             0.9577               5.0564         Long position
                                                            corporations
                                                                 (Note 1)
           5     BlackRock, Inc.          H Shares
                                                             Interests of
                                                              controlled
                                                                                      1,168,800            0.0129             0.0680          Short position
                                                            corporations
                                                                 (Note 1)




148
Note 1: According to the information disclosed on the websites of HKEX (www.hkex.com.hk) and China Securities Depository and Clearing Co.,                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Ltd (www.chinaclear.cn). Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the Company upon
satisfaction of certain conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the Company and the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial shareholders’ latest
shareholdings in the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; Citigroup Inc., through a series
of its controlled corporations, indirectly held long position in 103,132,296 H Shares of the Company, of which 100,249,706 shares were held in the
capacity of approved lending agent, and a short position in 894,400 H Shares of the Company.
Note 2: A shareholder has a “long position” if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing
financial instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder (i) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (ii) is under an
obligation to purchase the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (iv) has a
right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases; and
Note 3: A shareholder has a “short position” if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or holds,
writes or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (i) has a right to require another person to purchase


                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
the underlying shares; (ii) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying
shares declines; or (iv) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.



Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2020 which shall be recorded in the register pursuant
to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
VIII. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS                                                                                                          and Strategies


In July 2015, due to the significant fluctuation in share price of the Company, Mr. Zhou Yi and Mr. Zhu Xuebo,
both being directors of the Company, purchased H Shares of the Company through the targeted asset
management scheme for Qualified Domestic Institutional Investor (QDII) in compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations, so as to actively help maintain the stability of the capital market. In May 2020, both




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Directors redeemed all shares held under the targeted asset management scheme for QDII.

As at December 31, 2020, the Company was not aware of any Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which
had been taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which would be required, pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of interests, or would be required, pursuant to the
Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                            149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES
          OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
          On March 30, 2020, the Company convened the fifth meeting of the fifth session of the Board, at which the
          Resolution on Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding was considered and approved.
          On April 7, 2020, the Company implemented the initial repurchase of A Shares by way of centralized
          price bidding through the trading system of Shanghai Stock Exchange. On January 8, 2021, the Company
          completed the repurchase. The Company has actually repurchased 90,766,495 A Shares of the Company,
          accounting for 0.9999999% of the total share capital of the Company. The monthly reports during the
          repurchase period are as follows:



                       Quantity of shares   Highest trading                                      Total amount (RMB,
                           repurchased         price (RMB/      Lowest trading price (RMB/     excluding transaction
          Month                  (shares)            share)                         share)                    costs)

          April 2020            1,425,400             17.99                           17.73            25,403,805.00

          May 2020             39,294,371             18.40                            17.19            695,511,121.90

          June 2020            31,280,263             18.88                           17.57          563,808,455.24

          July 2020            10,510,026            23.08                            20.16           223,954,169.72

          August
                               5,580,935              21.70                           20.61             117,724,601.02
          2020

          September
          to
                                       –                 -                                -                         -
          December
          2020

          January
                                2,675,500             18.48                           18.23            48,959,144.00
          2021


          Save as disclosed above, the Company or any of its subsidiaries did not repurchase, sell or redeem any
          listed securities of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2020.




150
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
X. INFORMATION ON PREFERENTIAL SHARES
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no preferred shares.




XI . ARR AN G E M E NT FO R D I RECTO RS AN D S U PE RV I SO RS TO
PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

                                                                                                                          About Us
Save the incentive plan stated in “XI. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Major Events” in this report, at no time during
the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries,
entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors and Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of the
purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate bodies.




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS,
          SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
          STAFF




          I. CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE AND REMUNERATION
          (I) Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and retired
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                           Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                 Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                                                        remuneration received Whether received
                                                                                                               Number of Shares      Number of Changes in                  from the Company remuneration from
                                                                                                                    held at the   Shares held at shareholding   Reason during the Reporting    any connected
                                                                     Start of the term of    Expiration of the beginning of the   the end of the   during the       for       Period (RMB Ten      party of the
          Name            Position (note)             Gender   Age                  office     term of office              year            year          year   change        Thousand Yuan) Company or not

          Zhang Wei       Chairman                      Male   56        2019-12-16          2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               75.86                 No

                          Executive Director                           2007-12-06            2022-12-15

                          Chief executive officer,
          Zhou Yi                                       Male   51                                                            -               -             -         -               241.22                No
                          Chairman of the Executive                    2019-10-29            2022-12-15
                          Committee

          Ding Feng       Non-executive Director        Male   52       2018-10-22           2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

          Chen Yongbing   Non-executive Director        Male   46       2018-10-22           2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

          Ke Xiang        Non-executive Director        Male   46     2021-02-08             2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

          Hu Xiao         Non-executive Director      Female   41       2018-10-22           2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -               No

          Wang Tao        Non-executive Director        Male   52        2019-12-16          2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

          Zhu Xuebo       Executive Director            Male   58       2018-10-22           2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               89.08                Yes

                         Independent non-
          Chen Chuanming                                Male   63      2016-03-18            2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               24.00                 No
                         executive Director

                          Independent non-
          Lee Chi Ming                                  Male   67     2015-04-30             2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               24.00                 No
                          executive Director

                          Independent non-
          Liu Yan                                     Female   47        2016-12-21          2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               24.00                 No
                          executive Director

                          Independent non-
          Chen Zhibin                                   Male   55      2018-06-13            2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -               24.00                 No
                          executive Director

                          Independent non-
          Wang Jianwen                                  Male   46     2020-06-18             2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                14.00                No
                          executive Director

                          Employee Supervisor                         2019-04-26             2022-12-15
          Zhai Jun        Chairman of the               Male   46                                                            -               -             -         -              351.80                 No
                                                                      2020-02-18             2022-12-15
                          Supervisory Committee

          Zhang Ming      Supervisor                    Male   46        2019-12-16          2022-12-15                      -               -             -         -                     -              Yes




152
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                                                                         Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                                                remuneration received Whether received
                                                                                                      Number of Shares       Number of Changes in                  from the Company remuneration from
                                                                                                            held at the   Shares held at shareholding   Reason during the Reporting    any connected
                                                          Start of the term of    Expiration of the    beginning of the   the end of the   during the       for       Period (RMB Ten      party of the
Name             Position (note)             Gender   Age                office     term of office                year             year          year   change        Thousand Yuan) Company or not

Yu Lanying       Supervisor                  Female   49      2018-10-22          2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

Zhang Xiaohong   Supervisor                  Female   53       2019-12-16         2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -                     -              Yes

Fan Chunyan      Supervisor                  Female   44       2019-12-16         2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -                     -               No

Gu Chengzhong    Employee Supervisor           Male   55     2019-04-26           2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -             348.90                  No

Wang Ying        Employee Supervisor         Female   41       2019-12-16         2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -              249.70                 No

                 Member of the Executive


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Li Shiqian                                     Male   52     2020-03-10           2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -               106.10                No
                 Committee

                 Member of the Executive
Sun Hanlin                                     Male   55       2019-12-16         2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -               137.92                No
                 Committee

                 Member of the Executive
Jiang Jian                                     Male   54       2019-12-16         2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -               137.92                No
                 Committee

                 Member of the Executive
                                                               2019-12-16         2022-12-15
                 Committee
Zhang Hui                                      Male   45                                                             -               -             -         -              378.40                 No
                 Secretary to the Board of
                                                             2017-04-26           2022-12-15
                 Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                 Member of the Executive
Chen Tianxiang                                 Male   42     2020-02-18           2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -              416.30                 No
                 Committee

Jiao Xiaoning    Chief financial officer     Female   50 2020-03-05               2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -              211. 3 6               No



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                 General legal counsel                         2019-12-16         2022-12-15
Jiao Kai                                       Male   46                                                             -               -             -         -              228.95                 No
                 Chief compliance officer                    2020-02-18           2022-12-15

Wang Chong       Chief risk officer            Male   48      2017-03-16          2022-12-15                         -               -             -         -             366.40                  No

                 Former non-executive
Xu Qing                                        Male   48     2016-06-07 2021-02-08                                   -               -             -         -                     -              Yes
                 Director

                 Former independent non-
Liu Hongzhong                                  Male   55       2013-11-29 2020-06-18                                 -               -             -         -                12.00                No
                 executive Director

Total            /                                /     /                    /                   /                   -               -             -         -             3,461.91                   /




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Notes:
1. Upon consideration and approval by the Company at the third meeting of the fifth session of the Board held on January 23, 2020, Ms. Jiao Xiaoning was
appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company.
2. On January 22, 2020, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Jiao Kai as Senior Management of Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian Xu
Ke [2020] No. 3)(《關於核准焦凱證券公司經理層高級管理人員任職資格的批覆》                                （蘇證監許可字 [2020]3 號））from the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau. On February
17, 2020, the Company received the No-objection Letter on Appointment of Jiao Kai as Chief Compliance Officer of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Su Zheng Jian
Han [2020] No. 71)(《關於焦凱任华泰証券股份有限公司合規 負責人的無異議函》                              （蘇證監函 [2020]71 號））from the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau. Pursuant to the
relevant requirements and the resolution at the first meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company, the appointment of Mr. Jiao Kai as the chief
compliance officer of the Company has taken effect from February 17, 2020.
3. On February 18, 2020, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Zhai Jun as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Securities Companies
(Su Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No.8)(《關於核准翟軍證券公司監事會主席任職資格的批覆》                                （蘇證監許可字 [2020]8 號））from the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau,
pursuant to which, Mr. Zhai Jun’s qualification as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Securities Companies has been approved. Pursuant to the
relevant requirements and the resolution at the first meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, the appointment of Mr. Zhai
Jun as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company has taken effect from February 18, 2020. On the same date, the Company received the
Approval on Qualification of Chen Tianxiang as Senior Management of Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No.9)(《關於核准陳天翔證券公司經理層
高級管理人員任職資格的批覆》              （蘇證監許可字 [2020]9 號））from the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau, the appointment of Mr. Chen Tianxiang as the member




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
of the Executive Committee of the Company has taken effect from February 18, 2020.
4. According to the new Securities Law and the CSRC’s Announcement on Various Issues in relation to the Cancellation or Adjustment of Certain
Administrative Approval Projects of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2020] No.18)(《關於取消或調整證券公司部分行政審批項目等事項的公告》                                    （證監會
公告 [2020]18 號））, senior management of securities companies no longer need regulatory authorities to approve their qualifications before taking office. Ms.
Jiao Xiaoning formally performs her duties as the chief financial officer of the Company from March 5, 2020. Mr. Li Shiqian formally performs his duties as a




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
member of the Executive Committee of the Company from March 10, 2020. Mr. Han Zhencong will serve as a member of the Company’s executive committee
and chief information officer (concurrently) after fulfilling the filing of his qualifications as a manager of a securities company, and his remuneration applies
the remuneration assessment system of the Company.
5. On June 18, 2020, the Company considered and approved the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Wang Jianwen as an Independent Non-executive Director of
the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company at 2019 annual general meeting, and elected Mr. Wang Jianwen as an independent non-executive Director of
the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Wang Jianwen has replaced Mr. Liu Hongzhong to serve as an independent non-executive Director of the
fifth session of the Board of the Company from June 18, 2020, and the term of office shall expire at the end of the term of the current session of the Board.
6. On February 8, 2021, the Resolution in Relation to the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company
was considered and approved at the 2021 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company and Mr. Ke Xiang was elected as a non-executive Director of
the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Ke Xiang has replaced Mr. Xu Qing to serve as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of
the Company from February 8, 2021 to the end of the term of the current session of the Board.
7. Total remuneration received by Directors, Supervisors and senior management from the Company during the Reporting Period was implemented in
accordance with relevant policies of governing authorities and the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment and deferred compensation system.
8. Total pre-tax remuneration received from the Company during the Reporting Period excluded pension insurance and enterprise annuity.
9. The remuneration of the Directors and senior management that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises during the Reporting Period
shall be implemented in accordance with the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises
in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).
10. Mr. Zhu Xuebo, an executive director of the Company, received remuneration from the Company from January to November 2020 and started to receive
remuneration from China Southern Asset Management from December.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name                                       Primary work experience

                        Master of business administration, senior engineer and senior economist. He once worked in
                        Jiangsu Electronic Industry Research Institute ( 江蘇省電子工業綜合研究所 ). He also served as
                        cadre at department level of Jiangsu Electronic Industry Bureau and the deputy director of
                        Asset Management Division. He worked as secretary to the board of directors and assistant
                        general manager, deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the
                        party committee of Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇宏圖高科技股份有限公司 ). He also
            Zhang Wei
                        served as director, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary of
                        the party committee and chairman of the board of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科
                        技投資集團有限公司 ). Mr. Zhang served as secretary of the party committee of the Company
                        from March 2019 to December 2019 and has been chairman of the Board of Directors and
                        secretary of the party committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
                        in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

                        Bachelor of computer communications. Mr. Zhou once taught at Jiangsu Posts &
                        Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ); engaged in technology management at the
                        Telecommunications Center of Jiangsu Posts & Telecommunications Bureau ( 江 蘇 省 郵 電
                        管 理 局 電 信 中 心 ) and administrative management at Jiangsu Mobile Communication Co.,
                        Ltd. ( 江 蘇 移 動 通 信 有 限 公 司 ); served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu
                        Bei’er Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇貝爾有限公司 ) and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視
                        訊科技股份有限公司 ), deputy general manager of Shanghai Beier Fortune Communications
                        Company ( 上海貝爾富欣通信公司 ), president of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company
                        ( 华 泰 证 券 有 限 责 任 公 司 ) from February 2007 to December 2007 and director of the same
                        company from September 2007 to December 2007. Mr. Zhou served as Director, President
             Zhou Yi
                        and deputy secretary of the party committee of the Company from December 2007 to
                        October 2011; Director, President and secretary of the party committee of the Company from
                        November 2011 to June 2016; chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and secretary of
                        the party committee of the Company from June 2016 to March 2019; chairman of the Board
                        of Directors, President and party committee member of the Company from March 2019 to
                        October 2019; chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer, chairman of the
                        Executive Committee and party committee member of the Company from October 2019 to
                        December 2019, and has been chief executive officer, chairman of the Executive Committee
                        and party committee member of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in
                        this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

                        Master of business administration and senior accountant. He served as assistant accountant
                        of the finance department of China Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中 國 嵩 海 實 業 總 公 司 )
                        in Xiamen Special Economic Zone from August 1990 to November 1992; chief accountant
                        of the finance department of China North Industries Corporation Xiamen Branch ( 中 國
                        北 方 工 業 廈 門 公 司 ) from December 1992 to September 1995; deputy section chief of the
                        finance department of Jiangsu International Trust and Investment Company ( 江 蘇 省 國 際
                        信 託 投 資 公 司 ) from October 1995 to August 2002; deputy project manager of the finance
                        department of Guoxin Group from August 2002 to September 2004; head of the finance
            Ding Feng   department (manager assistant) and deputy general manager of Jiangsu International
                        Trust Corporation Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 ) from September 2004 to December
                        2009; deputy general manager of the finance department of Guoxin Group from December
                        2009 to December 2010; vice president of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 國 信 集
                        團財務有限公司 ) from December 2010 to December 2011; president and deputy secretary of
                        the Party Committee of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. from January 2012 to March
                        2018; and has served as the general manager of finance department of Guoxin Group since
                        March 2018. He has been a Director of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office
                        from December 2019 to December 2022.




154
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 Name                                         Primary work experience

           Bachelor of economic management. He served as clerk and staff member of the enterprise
           division of State-owned Assets Administration Bureau of Jiangsu Provincial Government ( 江蘇
           省國有資產管理局 ) from August 1996 to November 2000; a staff member of the Administrative
           Office of State-owned Assets of the Department of Finance of Jiangsu Province ( 江 蘇 省
           財政廳國有資產管理辦公室 ) from November 2000 to January 2002; senior staff member of
           the Administrative Office of State-owned Assets of the Department of Finance of Jiangsu
           Province from January 2002 to March 2004; cadre at sub-section level of Jiangsu SASAC
           from March 2004 to June 2004; senior staff member of the Division of Enterprise Reform and
           Development ( 企業改革發展處 ) of Jiangsu SASAC from June 2004 to January 2005; principal
  Chen     staff member of the Division of Enterprise Reform and Development of Jiangsu SASAC                          About Us
Yongbing   from January 2005 to December 2009; principal staff member of the Division of Enterprise
           Development and Reform ( 企 業 發 展 改 革 處 ) of Jiangsu SASAC from December 2009 to
           May 2014; deputy director of the Division of Enterprise Development and Reform of Jiangsu
           SASAC from May 2014 to October 2016; deputy head of the investment and development
           department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from October 2016 to January
           2018; has served as head of the investment and development department of Jiangsu
           Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from January 2018 to September 2020; and has served as

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
           head of the development and reform department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,
           Ltd. since September 2020. He has been a Director of the Company since October 2018 with


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
           a term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

           Doctoral degree in corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to
           October 2002, he successively served as staff member of the infrastructure investment
           division, staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
           Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at Jiangsu
           Communications Holding Company Limited and successively served as assistant to the
           director of the office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
           safety department, deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network of
Ke Xiang   Jiangsu Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office, director
           of the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director of the
           investment and development department, director of the strategic research office, deputy
           director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director of the
           strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been deputy general manager,
           member of the party committee and general counsel of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. He
           has been a Director of the Company since February 2021 with a term of office in this session
           of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

           Master of business administration. Ms. Hu served as accountant of KPMG Huazhen LLP from



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
           September 2002 to July 2003; assistant analyst of the stock research department of China
           International Capital Corporation Limited from July 2003 to July 2006; manager and then
           vice president of Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited from July 2008 to July 2012; vice




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Hu Xiao    president and then director of Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2012 to March
           2017; and has successively served as director and researcher of the strategic investment
           department of Alibaba Group Holding Limited since March 2017. She has been Director of the
           Company since October 2018 with a term of office in this session of Board from December
           2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                              155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name                                        Primary work experience

                        Master of politics and economics. He served as assistant to president of Shenzhen Branch
                        of China Construction Bank and deputy general manager of the finance and accounting
                        department of the head office of China Construction Bank from June 1989. He joined the
                        head office of China Merchants Bank as general manager of the finance and accounting
                        department of the head office in June 2014, and has served as general manager of the
                        retail credit department of the head office since December 2016. He has also served as
            Wang Tao
                        director of inclusive financial service center of the head office since February 2018. He has
                        been in charge of the establishment of CMB Wealth Management Company Limited ( 招
                        銀 理 財 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) since July 2019 and has been director and president of CMB Wealth
                        Management Company Limited since November 2019. He has been Director of the Company
                        since December 2019 with a term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to
                        December 2022.

                        Bachelor of monetary banking. Mr. Zhu worked at Nanjing Artillery Academy and Jiangsu
                        Branch of the People’s Bank of China. He joined Huatai Securities in March 2001 and
                        successively served as general manager of human resources department, head of
                        organization department of the Party Committee and assistant to the president, etc. He
            Zhu Xuebo   served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the Company from March 2013 to
                        December 2020, and has served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee of China
                        Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. since December 2020. He has been Director of the
                        Company since October 2018 with a term of office in this session of Board from December
                        2019 to December 2022.

                     Doctor of business management, a professor. In 1978, Mr. Chen was selected by the Ministry
                     of Education of China to study social and economic management at the University of
                     Brittany in France ( 法 國 上 布 列 塔 尼 大 學 ). He was assigned to work at the Institute of World
                     Economics and Politics of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences after returning to China
                     in 1981. He has been teaching at Nanjing University since December 1982, during which
             Chen
                     he studied for the Doctoral degree in economics at the School of Economics of Nankai
           Chuanming
                     University from September 1990 to June 1993. Currently, he serves as professor of Nanjing
                     University Business School, and concurrently as vice chairman of Chinese Institute of
                     Business Administration and Jiangsu Association of Science and Technology Innovation. He
                     has served as independent non-executive Director of the Company since March 2016 with a
                     term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

                        Master of business administration. Mr. Lee served as assistant assessor and then assessor
                        of Inland Revenue Department of the Government of Hong Kong from October 1976
                        to November 1989; the senior manager/ director of Licensing Department, director of
                        Corporate Planning, and director of Finance and Administration of the Securities and Futures
           Lee Chi Ming Commission of Hong Kong from July 1989 to July 2014; and director and managing partner
                        of Nan Guo International Asset Management Limited from October 2014 to February 2020.
                        He has been director and managing partner of Benington Capital Partners Limited since
                        February 2020, and independent non-executive Director of the Company since April 2015 with
                        a term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

                        Master of comparative law, with qualification as a lawyer both in China and the United States
                        (New York State). Ms. Liu joined Beijing Tian Yuan Law Firm in 1995 and has been partner of
             Liu Yan    Tian Yuan Law Firm since 2002. She has been independent non-executive Director of the
                        Company since December 2016 with a term of office in this session of Board from December
                        2019 to December 2022.




156
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
  Name                                       Primary work experience

            Doctor of business management, a professor and doctoral student supervisor of the Faculty
            of Finance and Accounting at Southeast University. Mr. Chen also serves as managerial
            accounting consultant to the Ministry of Finance and vice director of the governmental
Chen Zhibin
            accounting committee of the Accounting Society of China. He has been independent non-
            executive Director of the Company since June 2018 with a term of office in this session of
            Board from December 2019 to December 2022.

            Ph.D. degree in civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught at Nanjing


                                                                                                                    About Us
            Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he taught at Hohai University School of Law.
            From May 2016 to March 2021, he has been a professor, doctor-postgraduate supervisor and
            dean at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University of Aeronautics
            and Astronautics, and has been a professor at the Law School of Nanjing University since
  Wang      March 2021. He currently serves as a managing director of China Commercial Law Society,
 Jianwen    the vice president and secretary-general of Jiangsu Commercial Law Society ( 江蘇省法學會
            商法學研究會 ), and concurrently as a member of the legal experts’ pool of Jiangsu Provincial
            Committee of the Communist Party of China, a decision-making consulting expert of The
            Standing Committee of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress. He has been independent


                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
            non-executive Director of the Company since June 2020 with a term of office in this session
            of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.


                                                                                                                  and Strategies
            Bachelor’s degree in auditing. From August 1994 to July 2002, he worked in Jiangsu
            International Trust and Investment Company ( 江 蘇 省 國 際 信 託 投 資 公 司 ); from July 2002 to
            August 2009, he served as the general manager of Nanjing Xuanwumen securities business
            office, deputy manager of the securities investment department and deputy manager of the
            brokerage business department of Xintai Securities Co., Ltd. ( 信泰證券有限責任公司 ) (acquired
            by the Company at the end of July 2009); from August 2009 to March 2019, he served as a
 Zhai Jun   deputy general manager of the Company’s head office of retail customer service, deputy




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
            general manager of the head office of brokerage business, general manager of Zhejiang
            Branch, and general manager of Shanghai Branch of the Company. Since March 2019, he
            has been director of the general office of the Company. Since April 2019, he has been an
            employee Supervisor of the Company. Since February 2020, he has been the chairman
            of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, with a term of office in this session of the
            Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.

           Master’s degree, a senior accountant. He worked at the finance department of Yangzhou
           No. 2 Power Plant Company Limited ( 揚 州 第 二 發 電 有 限 公 司 ) from August 1995 to June
           1998, served as the general ledger of the finance department, deputy director of finance
           department, director of finance department, deputy chief accountant and head of finance




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
           department of Yangzhou No. 2 Power Plant Company Limited from July 1998 to December
           2009; deputy general manager of the finance department of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment
           Group ( 江蘇省國信集團 ) from December 2009 to December 2016; deputy general manager,
Zhang Ming
           chief financial officer and general manager (chief at group departmental level) of the



                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
           finance department of Jiangsu Guoxin Corporation Limited ( 江 蘇 國 信 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) as
           well as secretary of the board from December 2016 to August 2019, and general manager,
           party committee member,chief accountant of the finance department of Jiangsu Guoxin
           Investment Group since August 2019. Since December 2019, he has been the Supervisor of the
           Company, with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from December
           2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                           157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name                                        Primary work experience

                         Master’s degree in industrial economics, a principal senior accountant. She served at the
                         finance department of Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading Company ( 南京潤泰實業貿易公司 )
                         from August 1993 to August 1996. She pursued master’s studies of industrial economics in
                         Nanjing University of Science and Technology ( 南京理工大學 ) from September 1996 to April
                         1999, served at the finance and audit department of Jiangsu United Trust and Investment
                         Company ( 江 蘇 聯 合 信 託 投 資 公 司 ) from May 1999 to December 2002. She worked at the
                         finance and audit division of Jiangsu Communications Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產
                         業集團有限公司 ) from January 2003 to September 2004, the finance and audit department
                         of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) from October 2004
                         to May 2008. She successively served as the vice manager (in charge of work), manager
                         of the finance and accounting division, deputy chief financial officer (departmental level),
            Yu Lanying
                         chief financial officer and of Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited ( 江 蘇 寧 滬 高 速 公 路 股 份
                         有 限 公 司 ) from June 2008 to November 2016. She served as the deputy general manager,
                         chief financial officer and Party Committee member of Jiangsu Expressway Company
                         Limited from November 2016 to March 2018, head of the audit and risk control department
                         of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to August 2018 and has
                         served as head of the audit and risk control department and supervisor of audit center of
                         Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from August 2018 to November 2019 and head of
                         the financial management department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since
                         November 2019. She has served concurrently as Supervisor of the Company since October
                         2018, with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019
                         to December 2022.

                         Master degree in business administration. Ms. Zhang served as the export sales business
                         manager of Nanjing Native Produce and Animal Byproducts Import and Export Co., Ltd. ( 南
                         京 市 土 產 畜 產 進 出 口 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) from July 1989 to November 1996; business manager of
                         Jiangsu Xinsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇鑫蘇投資管理有限公司 ) from December
                         1996 to April 2000; manager of Jiangsu Venture Capital Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省創業投資公司 ) from
              Zhang
                         May 2000 to April 2005; senior investment manager, deputy general manager of the asset
            Xiaohong
                         management department, general manager of the investment operations department of
                         Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 ) from May 2005 to June 2020; and
                         vice general manager of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. since July 2020. She has served as a
                         Supervisor of the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in this session of the
                         Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.

                      College degree in financial accounting. Ms. Fan served as the director assistant of the
                      settlement center of the headquarter of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from February 2002 to
                      February 2004; deputy general manager and financial director for the Guangzhou region
                      of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from February 2004 to August 2011; executive deputy general
                      manager for the Guangzhou Region and assistant to the executive president of the regional
                      headquarter of South China of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from August 2011 to January 2013;
                      executive vice president of the e-commerce operation headquarter and executive vice
          Fan Chunyan president of the operation headquarter of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from January 2013
                      to September 2014; vice president of Suning Retail Group ( 蘇 寧 零 售 集 團 ) and president of
                      Internet Platform Company ( 互 聯 網 平 台 公 司 ) from August 2016 to January 2018; and has
                      served as vice president of Suning Retail Group and president of Internet Platform Company
                      as well as general manager of the customer service management center since January
                      2018. She served as a Director of the Company from October 2018 to December 2019. She has
                      been a Supervisor of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in this session
                      of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.




158
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
   Name                                          Primary work experience

           Master’s degree in coastal engineering. From July 1990 to May 1998, he worked in Nanjing
           Public Security Bureau. From May 1998 to November 2005, he worked in the technical
           supervision office, head office of brokerage management, and Nanjing Hanzhong Road
           securities business office of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华 泰 证 券 有 限 责 任
           公司 ). From November 2005 to January 2019, he served as a deputy general manager (in
    Gu     charge of work) and general manager of Xi’an North Wenyi Road securities business office,
Chengzhong general manager of Xi’an regional center securities business office, general manager of
           Nanjing Ruijin Road securities business office, and general manager of Nanjing branch

                                                                                                                          About Us
           of Huatai Securities. He has been the general manager of the compliance and legal
           department of the Company since January 2019 and an employee representative Supervisor
           of the Company since April 2019, with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory
           Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.

              Master’s degree in public administration. She worked in the organization department of the
              Municipal Committee of Yangzhong and the Municipal Party Committee of Youth League in
              Yangzhong from August 2000 to June 2004. From June 2004 to January 2016, she worked at
              the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
              People’s Government, successively serving as the principal staff member of the enterprise
              leadership personnel management division, principal staff member of the administrative


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
 Wang Ying    office, deputy division chief of the public working division, deputy division chief of the Party
              construction work division and deputy division chief of the enterprise leadership personnel
              management division, etc. She joined Huatai Securities in January 2016 and has been serving
              as the head of the Communist Party union working department of the Company since April
              2016. She has been an employee representative Supervisor of the Company since December
              2019 with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019
              to December 2022.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
              Doctor of business economics. He used to be a cadre of supervision bureau, chief officer
              and deputy director of financial audit division of the internal auditing department, deputy
              director of general office information division of the PBOC, deputy director of the news and
              information division of the general office, deputy director and director of the financial and
              accounting department audit division, director of audit division of the first division of the
              supervisory administration bureau in China Banking Regulatory Commission ( 中 國 銀 行
              業 監 督 管 理 委 員 會 ), member of Party Committee and secretary of the discipline inspection
              commission of Xinjiang Office of China Banking Regulatory Commission, deputy director
 Li Shiqian   of the disposal of illegal fund raising office and deputy director of city bank supervision
              department of the CBRC. He was deputy director of the city commercial bank supervision
              department of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ( 中 國 銀 行 保 險 監 督 管



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
              理 委 員 會 ) from September 2018 to May 2019, the monitor of the city commercial bank
              supervision department of the CBIRC from May 2019 to June 2019, and first class monitor of
              the city commercial bank supervision department of the CBIRC from June 2019 to December




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
              2019. He joined Huatai Securities in December 2019 and has been a member of Executive
              Committee of the Company since March 2020 with a term of office in this session of senior
              management from December 2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                                 159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name                                         Primary work experience

                         Master of business administration. Mr. Sun once worked as a clerk, officer and deputy chief
                         of the cadre section of human resources division of Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC; deputy
                         chief (presiding) and chief of human resources division of Jiangsu Securities Company
                         ( 江蘇省證券公司 ); chief of human resources division, chief of the organization department,
                         general manager of the human resources department, secretary of the discipline inspection
                         commission, chief inspection officer, a member of the Party Committee and vice president
            Sun Hanlin   of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ). He was vice president,
                         secretary of the discipline inspection commission and a member of the Party Committee of
                         the Company from December 2007 to December 2015. He was vice president and a member
                         of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2015 to November 2019. He was vice
                         president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019, and has been a member
                         of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in this
                         session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.

                         Master of agricultural economics and management. Mr. Jiang once taught at Nanjing
                         Agricultural University ( 南京農業大學 ). He worked at Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券
                         公司 ) as an employee of the human resources division, chief of the training and education
                         section of the human resources division, deputy general manager of the stock affairs
                         department under the investment banking head office, deputy general manager of No. 1
                         investment banking department, senior manager of No. 1 investment banking department,
                         deputy general manager of the investment banking head office and general manager of
                         the issuance department, general manager of the asset management head office, general
                         manager of the investment banking business Nanjing head office, director of investment
            Jiang Jian   banking business and general manager of Nanjing head office, assistant to the president
                         and general manager of Shanghai head office, assistant to the president, secretary to the
                         Board of Directors, assistant to the president and general manager of institutional customer
                         service department, vice president and secretary to the Board of Directors, and a member of
                         the Party Committee. He was vice president, secretary to the Board of Directors and a member
                         of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2007 to April 2017, vice president
                         and a member of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to November 2019
                         and vice president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019. He has been a
                         member of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
                         in this session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.

                         Doctor of technology economics and management. Mr. Zhang once worked at Dongcheng
                         District Personnel Exchange Service Center of Beijing ( 北京東城區人才交流服務中心 ), Brilliance
                         Group ( 華 晨 集 團 ) Shanghai Office, Tongshang Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 通 商 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) and
                         Beijing Lianchuang Investment and Management Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 聯 創 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). He
                         served as a senior manager of the asset management head office of Huatai Securities
                         and deputy general manager of the business office at Nantong Yaogang Road. Mr. Zhang
                         served as the general manager of the business office at Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy
                         general manager of securities investment department of the Company; general manager
            Zhang Hui    of the Company’s general affairs department from July 2012 to January 2016; general
                         manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department
                         of the Party Committee of the Company from January 2016 to April 2017; secretary to the
                         Board of Directors, general manager of the human resources department and head of the
                         organization department of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to March
                         2019; and secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company from March 2019 to December
                         2019. He has been a member of the Executive Committee and secretary to the Board of
                         Directors of the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in this session of senior
                         management from December 2019 to December 2022.




160
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
   Name                                         Primary work experience

              Bachelor’s degree in communication engineering. Mr. Chen once was an engineer of
              Eastcom Co., Ltd. ( 東方通信股份有限公司 ), project manager of Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
              Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), senior engineer of the information technology
              department, website operation manager of customer service center, head of network
              marketing team and assistant to general manager of financial service center of Huatai
   Chen       Securities. He served as the deputy general manager of the head office of brokerage
 Tianxiang    business of the Company from April 2015 to August 2015; deputy general manager of the
              internet finance department of the Company (in charge of work) from August 2015 to June

                                                                                                                       About Us
              2017; and general manager of the internet finance department of the Company since June
              2017. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Company since February
              2020, with a term of office in this session of senior management from December 2019 to
              December 2022.

              Master’s degree of accounting, an accountant. She once was a cadre of Industrial and
              Commercial Bank of China Limited ( 中國工商銀行股份有限公司 ) Beijing Branch as well as a
              cadre, deputy chief clerk and chief clerk of the comprehensive division of the accounting
              department of Ministry of Finance ( 財 政 部 ). She served as the deputy division chief


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
              of the second division of standards of the accounting department of Ministry of Finance,
              investigator of the second division of the system from November 2003 to November 2009;
Jiao Xiaoning


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
              a cadre, investigator, director and leading cadre of the system division of the accounting
              department of the CSRC from November 2009 to January 2014; deputy inspector and deputy
              director of the accounting department of the CSRC from January 2014 to January 2020.
              She joined Huatai Securities in January 2020 and has been the chief financial officer of the
              Company since March 2020, with a term of office in this session of senior management from
              December 2019 to December 2022.

              Doctor of finance. Mr. Jiao was once the manager and director assistant of trading operation




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
              department, director assistant and deputy director of trading management department,
              deputy director of executive office and general manager’s secretary, and director of board
              of governors office and deputy director of executive office of Shanghai Stock Exchange. He
              served as the director of board of governors office and deputy director of executive office,
              director of CPC Committee Office and director of board of supervisors office of Shanghai
  Jiao Kai
              Stock Exchange from January 2013 to March 2014; director of Beijing center of Shanghai Stock
              Exchange from March 2014 to February 2017; general manager of membership department of
              Shanghai Stock Exchange from February 2017 to December 2019. He joined Huatai Securities
              in December 2019 serving as the general legal counsel of the Company and has been the
              chief compliance officer of the Company since February 2020 with a term of office in this
              session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
           Master of computer and finance. Mr. Wang served as the principal staff member of the
           treasury department/global financial marketing department of Bank of China ( 中 國 銀 行 )
           from July 1995 to March 2003; middle office chief of internal risk control for European treasury



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
           operations at the London Branch of Bank of China from March 2003 to May 2007; leader of
           interest rate derivative product and fixed income risks team of J.P. Morgan Securities (JP 摩根
Wang Chong
           證券 ) from June 2007 to January 2010; risk compliance officer of China International Capital
           Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中 國 國 際 金 融 有 限 公 司 ( 英 國 )) from January 2010 to November
           2014. He has been general manager of risk management department of the Company since
           December 2014 and chief risk officer of the Company since March 2017 with a term of office
           in this session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                              161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Explanation of other information
          1. During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or senior management of the Company directly held any share of the Company.
          2. During the Reporting Period, the Company actively advanced the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company. On
          December 31, 2020, the Board of the Company considered and approved the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures
          Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary, the Administration Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.,
          the Administration Measures for the Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures
          Co., Ltd. and other resolutions and agreed to submit them to the general meeting of the Company for consideration. On February 8, 2021, the
          above resolutions were considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company did not
          carry out any option incentive scheme for its Directors, Supervisors and senior management.
          3. During the Reporting Period, none of the current or retired Directors, Supervisors or senior management of the Company was punished by any
          securities regulatory authorities within the past three years.
          4. During the Reporting Period, Mr. Han Zhencong was a member of the Executive Committee (proposed) and chief information officer (proposed)
          of the Company, and his main work experience is as follows: Mr. Han Zhencong, Doctor of management science and engineering. He served as
          a secretary of student affairs office, teacher, deputy secretary of Youth League Committee, director of educational affairs section and director
          of teaching and research office and vice-principal of Jiangsu Post and Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ). He also served as deputy
          director of Jiangsu Telecom Staff Training Center ( 江蘇省電信職工培訓中心 ), manager of enterprise planning department, office director, general
          manager of Wuxi Branch, deputy general manager, member of the Leading Party Members’ Group of Jiangsu Telecom Company Limited ( 江
          蘇省電信公司 ). He was the general manager and secretary of the Leading Party Members’ Group of Heilongjiang Branch of China Telecom from
          September 2009 to February 2012. He was the general manager of the government and enterprise customer business division of China Telecom
          from February 2012 to July 2016, and was the general manager and secretary of the Party Committee of China Telecom Zhejiang Branch from
          July 2016 to December 2019. He joined HTSC in December 2019 and was proposed to be a member of the Executive Committee and the chief
          information officer of the Company.




          II . EMPLOYMENT OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
          MANAGEMENT AT PRESENT AND THOSE RETIRED DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                                       Name of the                                                                         Expiration of
                                       Shareholder’s                                                    Commencement of the term of
          Name of employee             companies                       Position                         the term of office office

                                       Jiangsu Guoxin
                                       Investment Group
                                       Limited (formerly
                                                                       General manager
                                       known as Jiangsu
          Ding Feng                                                    of the finance                   March 8, 2018               -
                                       Guoxin Asset
                                                                       department
                                       Management Group
                                       Limited ( 江蘇省國信資
                                       產管理集團有限公司 ))

                                       Jiangsu                         Head of the
          Chen Yongbing                Communications                  development and                  September 23, 2020 -
                                       Holding Co., Ltd.               reform department

                                                                       Deputy general
                                       Govtor Capital Group            manager, party
          Ke Xiang                                                                                      August 17, 2020             -
                                       Co., Ltd.                       committee member,
                                                                       general legal counsel

                                       Jiangsu Guoxin
                                       Investment Group
                                       (formerly known as              Party committee
          Zhang Ming                   Jiangsu Guoxin Asset            member, chief                    October 18, 2020            -
                                       Management Group                accountant
                                       Limited ( 江蘇省國信資
                                       產管理集團有限公司 ))




162
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                       Name of the                                                       Expiration of
                       Shareholder’s                                  Commencement of the term of
Name of employee       companies              Position                the term of office office

                       Jiangsu                Head of the financial
Yu Lanying             Communications         management              November 22, 2019   -
                       Holding Co., Ltd.      department

                       Govtor Capital Group   Deputy general
Zhang Xiaohong                                                        July 8, 2020        -
                       Co., Ltd.              manager


                                                                                                                     About Us
                                             Vice president of
                                             Suning Retail Group
                       Suning.com Group Co., and president of         August 16, 2016     -
                       Ltd. (formerly known  Internet Platform
Fan Chunyan            as Suning Commerce Company
                       Group Co., Ltd. ( 蘇寧雲
                       商集團股份有限公司 ))          General manager of
                                             the customer service     January 29, 2018    -
                                             management center


                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                       Govtor Capital Group
                                              Deputy president        May 16, 2016        August 14, 2020
                       Co., Ltd.

Xu Qing                Jiangsu Re-guarantee                                                                        and Strategies
                       Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省 chairman of the
                                                                   August 20, 2020        -
                       信用再擔保集團有限公            supervisory committee
                       司)

Explanation of
the employment




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                               Nil
at the Shareholders’
Companies




                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                            163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Employment at other companies

          Name of                                                               Commencement of      Expiration of the
          employee Name of other companies                    Position          the term of office   term of office
                    Jiangsu Purple Gold Cultural
                                                              Deputy chairman
                    Industry Development Fund (Limited                                               January 21,
                                                              and executive     January 8, 2016
                    Partnership) ( 江蘇紫金文化產業發展基金                                                      2020
                                                              partner
                    ( 有限合夥 ))
                    Jiangsu Purple Gold Cultural Industry
          Zhang Wei Investment Fund Phase II (Limited                                                October 13,
                                                              Deputy chairman   January 8, 2016
                    Partnership) ( 江蘇紫金文化產業二期投資                                                      2020
                    基金 ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                              Chairman of
                     Zking Property & Casualty Insurance                                             February 24,
                                                              the supervisory   May 15, 2009
                     Co., Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                                      2021
                                                              committee
                     CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方
                                                        Chairman                November 7, 2017     -
                     東英資產管理有限公司 )
          Zhou Yi    AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.       Director          October 31, 2016     -
                    Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            Director            November 28, 2006 -
                    Limited
                    Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd.
                                                            Director            June 14, 2019        -
                    ( 江蘇省聯合徵信有限公司 )
          Ding Feng Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing
                    Guarantee Co., Ltd ( 江蘇省國信信用融資 Director                     August 12, 2019      -
                    擔保有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Yunshan Capital Management Chairman & Legal
                                                                         May 6, 2020                 -
                     Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇雲杉資本管理有限公司 )         representative
                     Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited
                                                              Director          April 8, 2018        -
                     ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省
                                                              Director          May 17, 2018         -
          Chen       鐵路集團有限公司 )
          Yongbing   Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省港口
                                                              Director          July 9, 2018         -
                     集團有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                              Supervisor        March 17, 2018       -
                     金融租賃股份有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd.
                                                              Director          June 26, 2019        -
                     ( 江蘇省聯合徵信有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset
                     Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資 Director                    November 4, 2020     -
                     產管理有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co.,
                                                              Director          December 8, 2020     -
                     Ltd. ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Sutong Bridge Company                                                   November 24,
                                                              Director          September 13, 2018
                     Limited ( 江蘇蘇通大橋有限責任公司 )                                                        2020
                     Suzhou Jinling Nanlin Hotel Co., Ltd. ( 蘇
                                                               Director         April 1, 2017        -
          Ke Xiang   州金陵南林飯店有限責任公司 )
                     Jiangsu Expressway Network Operation Chairman of
                                                                                                     November 24,
                     and Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高速公 the supervisory           May 6, 2020
                                                                                                     2020
                     路聯網營運管理有限公司 )                        committee

                     Jiangsu Yanjiang Expressway Co., Ltd.                                           November 24,
                                                              Supervisor        July 4, 2018
                     ( 江蘇沿江高速公路有限公司 )                                                                2020
                     Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                     Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江 Director            November 25, 2020 -
                     蘇豐海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )




164
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Name of                                                                Commencement of      Expiration of the
employee Name of other companies                    Position           the term of office   term of office
                                                    Researcher
                                                    of strategic
            Alibaba Group Holding Limited                              January 1, 2020      -
                                                    investment
                                                    department
            1919 Wines & Spirits Platform Technology
            Co., Ltd. ( 壹玖壹玖酒類平台科技股份有限 Director                        October 24, 2018     April 16, 2020
            公司 )
            Tianxianpei (Shanghai) Technology Co.,

                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                     Director          November 11, 2019    -
            Ltd. ( 天鮮配（上海）科技有限公司 )
Hu Xiao     Shanghai Wanxiang Culture
            Development Co., Ltd. ( 上海萬象文化發 Director                   May 22, 2019         -
            展有限公司 )
            Shanghai Wanxiang Culture Distribution
                                                     Director          May 7, 2019          -
            Co., Ltd. ( 上海萬象文化配送有限公司 )
            Guangzhou Wanzhixiang Logistics Co.,
                                                     Director          June 21, 2019        -
            Ltd.( 廣州萬之象物流有限公司 )



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
            Dianwoba Holdings Limited               Director           May 30, 2020         -
            YTO Express Group Co., Ltd. ( 圓通速遞股
                                                Director               February 25, 2021    -
            份有限公司 )

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
            CMB Wealth Management Company           Director and
Wang Tao                                                               November 1, 2019     -
            Limited ( 招銀理財有限責任公司 )                  president

                                                    Deputy secretary
            China Southern Asset Management
Zhu Xuebo                                           of the Party       December 10, 2020 -
            Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                    Committee
            Business School of Nanjing University
                                                    Professor          November 1, 2006     -
            ( 南京大學商學院 )




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
            Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股 Independent
                                                                       May 6, 2016          -
            份有限公司 )                                director

Chen      GCL System Integration Technology         Independent                             February 9,
                                                                       March 31, 2016
Chuanming Co., Ltd. ( 協鑫集成科技股份有限公司 )                director                                2021

            Shanghai Dehui Group Co., Ltd. ( 上海德 Independent
                                                                       March 1, 2016        -
            匯集團有限公司 )                            director
            Leysen Jewelry Co., Ltd. ( 萊紳通靈珠寶股
                                               Director                May 14, 2019         -
            份有限公司 )
            Nanguo International Asset
                                               Managing partner                             February 11,
            Management Limited ( 南國國際資產管理



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                       October 27, 2014
                                               and director                                 2020
            有限公司 )
            DIT Group Limited ( 築友智造科技集團
            有限公司 ) (formerly known as China    Independent



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                                                       December 30, 2014 -
            Minsheng Drawin Technology Group   director
            Limited ( 中民築友科技集團有限公司 )
Lee Chi     Chung Ying Theatre Company (HK)
                                               Director                December 10, 2015    -
Ming        Limited ( 中英劇團有限公司 )
                                                    Independent
            Cango Inc.                                                 July 31, 2018        -
                                                    director

            Wanlian Securities Co., Ltd. ( 萬聯證券股 Independent
                                                                       April 12, 2019       -
            份有限公司 )                              director

            Benington Capital Partners Limited( 柏   Managing partner
                                                                     February 11, 2020      -
            寧頓資本有限公司 )                              and director




                                                                                                                165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name of                                                               Commencement of      Expiration of the
          employee Name of other companies                   Position           the term of office   term of office
                     Beijing Tian Yuan Law Firm ( 北京市天元
                                                             Partner            January 1, 2002      -
                     律師事務所 )
                     Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd. ( 華新水泥股份有 Independent
                                                                                September 26, 2014 -
          Liu Yan    限公司 )                             director

                     WuXi Pharma Tech Co., Ltd. ( 無錫藥明康 Independent
                                                                                March 17, 2017       -
                     德新藥開發股份有限公司 )                      director
                     School of Economics and Management
                     of Southeast University ( 東南大學經管學 Professor                July 1, 2012         -
          Chen       院)
          Zhibin     Jiangsu Phoenix Publishing & Media
                                                        Independent
                     Corporation Limited ( 江蘇鳳凰出版傳媒                             May 10, 2018         -
                                                        director
                     股份有限公司 )
                                                             Professor, doctor-
                                                             postgraduate
                                                             supervisor
                     Nanjing University of Aeronautics and
                                                             and dean of        May 20, 2016         March 15, 2021
          Wang       Astronautics
                                                             the College of
          Jianwen                                            Humanities and
                                                             Social Sciences

                                                             Professor of the
                     Nanjing University                                         March 16, 2021       -
                                                             Law School
                     Jiangsu Guoxin Corporation Limited ( 江
                                                             Supervisor         August 20, 2019      -
                     蘇國信股份有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu International Trust Corporation
                                                             Director           August 28, 2019      -
                     Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )
                     Jiangsu International Talents Advisory
                     Services Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國際人才諮詢服 Director                   February 20, 2016    -
                     務有限公司 )
                     Jiangsu Sainty Corp., Ltd. ( 江蘇舜天股份
                                                             Supervisor         July 12, 2019        -
                     有限公司 )
                     Suzhou Industrial Park Co., Ltd. ( 蘇州工
                                                             Supervisor         June 24, 2015        -
          Zhang      業園區股份有限公司 )
          Ming       China Coal Pingshuo No. 1 Coal Gangue
                     Power Generation Co., Ltd. ( 中煤平朔第 Director                September 19, 2019 -
                     一煤矸石發電有限公司 )
                     Tongmei Datang Tashan II Power
                     Generation Company Limited ( 同煤大 Director                  September 17, 2019 -
                     唐塔山第二發電有限責任公司 )
                     Yangzhou No. 2 Power Plant Company
                                                             Director           June 5, 2018         -
                     Limited ( 揚州第二發電有限責任公司 )
                     Jiangsu Guoxin Yangzhou Power
                     Generation Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇國信揚州發電有 Director                  June 5, 2018         -
                     限責任公司 )




166
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Name of                                                                Commencement of      Expiration of the
employee Name of other companies                     Position          the term of office   term of office
                                              Chairman of
           Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited
                                              the supervisory          April 8, 2018        -
           ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 )
                                              committee
           Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd.
                                                     Supervisor        May 27, 2018         -
           ( 江蘇省信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
                                                     Chairman of
Yu         Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江
                                                     the supervisory   December 3, 2018     -
Lanying    蘇省鹽業集團有限責任公司 )

                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                     committee
           Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
           Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資           Director          December 3, 2018     -
           發展有限公司 )
           Bank of Nanjing Co., Ltd. ( 南京銀行股份
                                                     Director          September 16, 2020 -
           有限公司 )
           Jiangsu Gaoxin Venture Capital Co., Ltd. Director and                            November 4,
                                                                       June 20, 2018
           ( 江蘇高新創業投資有限公司 )                         general manager                         2020



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
           Jiangsu International Trust Corporation                                          September 23,
                                                   Director            November 1, 2019
           Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )                                                        2020
           Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                                            November 25,
           Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江 Director             March 5, 2018
                                                                                            2020
           蘇豐海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
           Jiangsu Software Industry Co., Ltd. ( 江                                          November 4,
                                                     Director          August 10, 2016
           蘇省軟件產業股份有限公司 )                                                                   2020
           Jiangsu Proprietary Technology
                                              Independent
           Exchange Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省技術產                          January 5, 2018      -
                                              director
Zhang      權交易市場有限公司 )




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Xiaohong   Jiangsu Hongtu Electronic Research
                                                                                            November 4,
           Institute Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省宏圖電子綜合研 Director                   August 31, 2016
                                                                                            2020
           究所有限公司 )
           Jiangsu Talent Innovation and Venture Legal
           Service Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省人才創新 representative &         September 9, 2019    -
           創業服務中心有限公司 )                          Director

           RE-energy Electric (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. ( 蘇                                        November 4,
                                                     Director          August 16, 2016
           州能健電氣有限公司 )                                                                      2020

           Nanjing Guanya Power Equipment Co.,                                              November 4,
                                               Director                August 9, 2016
           Ltd. ( 南京冠亞電源設備有限公司 )                                                            2020



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
           Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd.                                          November 4,
                                                     Supervisor        July 19, 2019
           ( 江蘇省聯合徵信有限公司 )                                                                  2020
           Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                                     Supervisor        January 18, 2019     -
Gu         ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )
Chengzhong Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                     Director          March 18, 2020       -
           股權交易中心有限責任公司 )
           Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
Sun Hanlin                                           Chairman          March 1, 2021        -
           股權交易中心有限責任公司 )
           Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份
                                                     Director          May 16, 2012         -
           有限公司 )
Jiang Jian                                           Director          August 19, 2013      March 5, 2020
           Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.
           ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )                          Chairman          September 7, 2017    -
          China Southern Asset Management
Zhang Hui                                            Director          October 18, 2016     -
          Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )




                                                                                                                167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name of                                                                       Commencement of      Expiration of the
          employee Name of other companies                          Position            the term of office   term of office
                          Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
          Chen
                          Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) Director                   March 30, 2018       -
          Tianxiang
                          資產管理有限公司 )
                          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.        Chairman            April 21, 2020       -
          Jiao            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
          Xiaoning        Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券（上海） Director                      August 10, 2020      -
                          資產管理有限公司 )
                          Huatai International Financial Holdings
                          Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有 Director                          February 28, 2018    -
                          限公司 )
          Wang            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                                  Chief risk officer    July 30, 2018        -
          Chong           Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
                          Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.      Director            September 28, 2018 -

                          Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.             Director            September 28, 2018 -

                                                                    Party committee
                                                                    member,
                          Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd.      chairman of         August 20, 2020      -
                                                                    the supervisory
                                                                    committee
                          Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
          Xu Qing         Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投 Supervisor                     February 9, 2017     -
                          資基金管理有限公司 )
                                                                    Legal
                          Jiangsu Gaohui Asset Operation and        representative,
                                                                                                         October 9,
                          Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高匯資產經            executive director December 28, 2016
                                                                                                         2020
                          營管理有限公司 )                                 and general
                                                                    manager
                          International Finance Department,
                          School of Economics, Fudan University     Professor           May 1, 1999          -
                          ( 復旦大學經濟學院國際金融系 )
                          Shenyin & Wanguo Futures Company          Independent
                                                                                        February 1, 2008     -
                          Limited ( 申銀萬國期貨有限公司 )                    director

                          Donghai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 東海期貨有限 Independent
                                                                                        June 29, 2009        -
                          責任公司 )                             director
          Liu
                    China International Fund Management Independent
          Hongzhong                                                                     May 28, 2013         -
                    Co., Ltd. ( 上投摩根基金管理有限公司 )          director

                          Industrial Securities Co., Ltd. ( 興業證券股 Independent
                                                                                        January 12, 2018     -
                          份有限公司 )                                 director

                          Bank of Communications International Independent
                                                                                        April 20, 2019       -
                          Trust Co., Ltd. ( 交銀國際信託有限公司 )       director
                          Jin Jiang International (Holdings) Co.,
                                                                    External director   October 21, 2019     -
                          Ltd. ( 錦江國際集團有限公司 )
          Explanation
                                                                           Nil
          of other jobs




168
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
III. REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT

                             The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for
Decision-making              advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the Directors
procedures of                and senior management of the Company. The Board makes decisions on
remuneration of the          matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and punishment of senior
Directors, Supervisors and   management in accordance with relevant national policies, and matters
senior management            relating to the remuneration of Directors and Supervisors shall be determined

                                                                                                                       About Us
                             at the general meeting.

                             The external Directors and external Supervisors of the Company do not
                             receive remuneration from the Company; standard of remuneration of the
The basis for determining    independent Directors is determined with reference to that of the listed peers
the remuneration of the      and based on actual situation of the Company; remuneration of internal
Directors, Supervisors and   Directors, employee Supervisors and the senior management applies relevant
senior management            policies of governing authorities and the remuneration assessment system



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                             of the Company, and determined in accordance with job responsibilities and
                             the result of annual performance, as it is linked to position and performance.



                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Actual payments of
remuneration of the          Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
Directors, Supervisors and   Directors, Supervisors and senior management” in this report.
senior management

Total remuneration
actually obtained by all
Directors, Supervisors and
                             Approximately RMB34.6191 million




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
senior management at
the end of the Reporting
Period




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. CHANGES IN DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

          Name                 Position                             Change          Reason for Change

          Ke Xiang             Non-executive Director               Elected         Elected at the First Extraordinary General Meeting in 2021

          Wang
                               Independent Director                 Elected         Elected at 2019 Annual General Meeting
          Jianwen

                               Chairman of the                                      Elected by the Supervisory Committee in 2019 and
          Zhai Jun                                                  Elected
                               Supervisory Committee                                duly discharge duty during the Reporting Period

                               Member of the Executive           Appointed by the Board in 2019 and duly discharge
          Li Shiqian                                   Appointed
                               Committee                         duty during the Reporting Period

          Chen                 Member of the Executive           Appointed by the Board in 2019 and duly discharge
                                                       Appointed
          Tianxiang            Committee                         duty during the Reporting Period

          Jiao Xiaoning        Chief financial officer              Appointed Appointed by the Board

                               Chief compliance officer,           Appointed by the Board in 2019 and duly discharge
          Jiao Kai                                       Appointed
                               general counsel                     duty during the Reporting Period

                                                                                    Due to work arrangements, he will no longer serve as
          Xu Qing              Non-executive Director               Resigned
                                                                                    a non-executive director of the Company

                                                                                    Due to the expiration of his term, he will no longer
          Liu Hongzhong Independent Director                        Resigned
                                                                                    serve as an independent director of the Company

          Notes:
          1. Upon consideration and approval by the Company at the first meeting of the fifth session of the Board held on December 16, 2019, Mr. Li Shiqian
          and Mr. Chen Tianxiang were appointed as members of the Executive Committee of the Company and Mr. Jiao Kai was appointed as the chief
          compliance officer and general legal advisor of the Company. At the same date, upon consideration and approval by the Company at the
          first meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee, Mr. Zhai Jun was elected as the Chairman of the fifth session of the Supervisory
          Committee.
          2. Upon consideration and approval by the Company at the third meeting of the fifth session of the Board held on January 23, 2020, Ms. Jiao
          Xiaoning was appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company.
          3. On January 22, 2020, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Jiao Kai as Senior Management of Securities Companies (Su
          Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 3)(《關於核准焦凱證券公司經理層高級管理人員任職資格的批覆》( 蘇證監許可字 [2020]3 號 )) from the Jiangsu Securities
          Regulatory Bureau. On February 17, 2020, the Company received the No-objection Letter on Appointment of Jiao Kai as Chief Compliance Officer
          of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Su Zheng Jian Han [2020] No. 71)(《關於焦凱任华泰证券股份有限公司合規負責人的無異議函》( 蘇證監函 [2020]71 號 )) from
          the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau. Pursuant to the relevant requirements and the resolution at the first meeting of the fifth session of the
          Board of the Company, the appointment of Mr. Jiao Kai as the chief compliance officer of the Company has taken effect from February 17, 2020.
          4. On February 18, 2020, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Zhai Jun as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of
          Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 8)(《 關 於 核 准 翟 軍 證 券 公 司 監 事 會 主 席 任 職 資 格 的 批 覆》( 蘇 證 監 許 可 字 [2020]8 號 )) from
          the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau, pursuant to which, Mr. Zhai Jun’s qualification as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of
          Securities Companies has been approved. Pursuant to the relevant requirements and the resolution at the first meeting of the fifth session of
          the Supervisory Committee of the Company, the appointment of Mr. Zhai Jun as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company
          has taken effect from February 18, 2020. On the same date, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Chen Tianxiang as Senior
          Management of Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No.9)(《關於核准陳天翔證券公司經理層高級管理人員任職資格的批覆》( 蘇證監許可字
          [2020]9 號 )) from the Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau, the appointment of Mr. Chen Tianxiang as the member of the Executive Committee
          of the Company has taken effect from February 18, 2020.
          5. According to the new Securities Law and the CSRC’s Announcement on Various Issues in relation to the Cancellation or Adjustment of Certain
          Administrative Approval Projects of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2020] No. 18)(       《關於取消或調整證券公司部分行政審批項目等事項的公
          告》( 證監會公告 [2020]18 號 )), senior management of securities companies no longer need regulatory authorities to approve their qualifications
          before taking office. Ms. Jiao Xiaoning formally performs her duties as the chief financial officer of the Company from March 5, 2020. Mr. Li Shiqian
          formally performs his duties as a member of the Executive Committee of the Company from March 10, 2020.
          6. On June 18, 2020, the Company considered and approved the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Wang Jianwen as an Independent Non-
          executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company at 2019 annual general meeting, and elected Mr. Wang Jianwen as an
          independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Wang Jianwen has replaced Mr. Liu Hongzhong to
          serve as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company from June 18, 2020, and the term of office shall
          expire at the end of the term of the current session of the Board.
          7. On February 8, 2021, the Company considered and approved the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of the
          Fifth Session of the Board of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting in 2021, and elected Mr. Ke Xiang as a non-executive Director
          of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Ke Xiang has replaced Mr. Xu Qing to serve as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of
          the Board of the Company from February 8, 2021 to the end of the term of the current session of the Board.


          Save as disclosed above, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director, Supervisor and senior
          management during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, there is no change of information about the Directors,
          Supervisors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.




170
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
V. AS OF THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD, NONE OF THE
INCUMBENT DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
OR DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS OR SENIOR MANAGEMENT WHO LEFT
OFFICE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD HAD BEEN SUBJECT TO ANY
PENALTY IMPOSED BY THE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITIES
DURING THE LAST THREE YEARS

                                                                                                                      About Us
VI. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD
Five special committees, namely, Compliance and Risk Management Committee, Audit Committee,
Development Strategy Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
were established under the Board, members of which were as follows:

The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Yongbing, Hu
Xiao and Wang Tao and Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy Committee;

                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang



                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Jianwen and Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;

The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
for more than 1/2): Lee Chi Ming, Ding Feng and Chen Zhibin and Lee Chi Ming is the chairman (convener) of
the Audit Committee;

The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
accounting for more than 1/2): Chen Chuanming, Zhu Xuebo and Liu Yan and Chen Chuanming is the
chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
Directors): Chen Chuanming, Liu Yan and Chen Zhibin and Chen Chuanming is the chairman (convener) of
the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                             171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VII. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY
          AND MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES
          (I) Information about the staff

          Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                                                            7,375

          Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                                                             3,141

          The total number of staff employed                                                                                                       10,516

          Number of retired staff of the parent company and its subsidiaries that need to
                                                                                                                                                      218
          be paid for the cost

                                                                    Profession Composition

          Profession                                                                                                                      Number of staff

          Wealth management professionals                                                                                                          5,550

          Institution and investment professionals                                                                                                 2,598

          Info-tech professionals                                                                                                                    1,124

          Others                                                                                                                                    1,244

          Total                                                                                                                                    10,516

                                                                              Education

          Level of education                                                                                                          Number (persons)

          Doctor                                                                                                                                      133

          Master                                                                                                                                   4,440

          Bachelor                                                                                                                                  4,814

          Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                          397

          Total                                                                                                                                     9,784


          Notes: 1. the number of service personnel from the institution we cooperated with for IT business was amounted to 2,370.
          2. Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics do not include those of AssetMark.



          (II) Remuneration policy

          The Company attaches importance to external competitiveness and internal fairness of salary incentive,
          and implements a remuneration distribution system based on market standards and weighted by
          performance evaluation. Staff remuneration of the Company consists of fixed salary, performance
          bonus and employee benefits. Moreover, the Company is actively promoting the A-share restricted stock
          equity incentive plan, and establishing and improving the Company’s long-term incentive and restraint
          mechanism.

          Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances (pension
          insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, job-related injury insurance and maternity
          insurance) and housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company
          has established the supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve
          supplementary medical care and retirement treatment of staff.




172
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(III) Training programs

In line with the development trend of industry innovation and transformation, the Company continued
to centralize its training on the aspects including business innovation, professional ability, management
capability, technology empowerment, international horizon and internal trainers. The Company propelled
training programs with a combination of centralized training and external training as well as on-site
training and HTSC Cloud Academy training; its annual training plan was implemented smoothly. Firstly, it
was committed to meeting the dynamic development demands of employees, upgrading development
projects covering all life careers and the entire business chain and concerning about the long-term
cultivation of employees. It organized and carried out 13 sessions of career programs, including the BAL for

                                                                                                                            About Us
managers, the HIPO for potential employees and the STAR of Huatai for new employees; and 27 sessions
of business programs on investment advisory, BD, institutional RM and compliance, which polished key
brand projects, integrated the contents of “internal courses, capability evaluation, copyright management
courses, action learning, Mentor empowerment and growth tracking” and developed integrated solutions
covering single training to long-term cultivation for employees. Secondly, it established learning platforms
with organic online-offline synergy, upgraded the functions of the Cloud Academy and sped up in the
digital transformation of trainings and development. It launched R2 online carnival learning activities during
the pandemic. Over 1,883,000 participants studied through the Cloud Academy and completed 315,000
hours of learning. Thirdly, it established a think tank focusing on the development of the financial industry to

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
create high-quality knowledge under an ecological synergy model. It launched 512 live broadcast trainings
as business courses; organized HTALK speeches and promoted employees to communicate on valuable


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
thoughts; and organized micro-class contests on investment advisory and encouraged employees to share
their own knowledge and experiences and contribute to the knowledge ecosystem and think tank of the
enterprise. Fourthly, it adhered to the future growth concept of Meet & Foresee, and trained organizations
to foresee the direction of future development of the Company’s business, and the needs of employees’
future ability development. It organized 6 sessions of “cloud forums on reaching overseas directly” and
assisted employees in establishing platforms for communications with experts in the global capital market.
It arranged live broadcast courses on the entire business chain and stimulated employees to break through
their own working restrictions and consider business cooperation from the perspective of the entire business




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
chain.

(IV) No labor outsourcing



VIII. CUSTOMER SOLICITATION AND CUSTOMER SERVICES BY THE
BROKERS COMMISSIONED BY THE COMPANY
As of end of December 2020, the Company had a total of 674 securities brokers.



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The Company achieved a unified broker management through the improvement of rules and regulations.
Broker management system covered qualification management, training management, performance
evaluation, behavioral code, certification management and compliance risk control and management, etc.



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
All branches of the Company could implement corporate rules on the daily operation management of sales
staff stringently.




                                                                                                                   173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE
          GOVERNANCE




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas, the Company has been operating business
          in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the Company
          are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the Company
          in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance risk control
          and internal control system according to the requirements under the Company Law, the Securities Law,
          the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules for Governance of
          Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance
          Code and Corporate Governance Report (the relevant code is set out on https://en-rules.hkex.com.hk/sites/
          default/files/net_file_store/new_rulebooks/h/k/ HKEX4476_3828_VER10.pdf) as set out in Appendix 14 to
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association,
          in order to establish a modern corporate system, and shape a corporate governance structure where
          checks and balances among the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the operation
          management are maintained, with each of them being separated from the other and performing its own
          functions and responsibilities corresponding to its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby
          ensuring all the operational activities of the Company are carried out smoothly and in accordance with
          relevant laws and regulations.

          (I) Corporate governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory documents to regulate the
          Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, to further improve corporate governance, the Company
          amended and improved the Articles of Association in accordance with the Company Law (《公司法》), the
          Reply of the State Council on the Adjustment of the Provisions Applicable to the Notice Period of Convening
          General Meetings of Shareholders and Other Matters Applicable to the Companies Listed Abroad (《國務院
          關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東大會通知期限等事項規定的批覆》), Code of Corporate Governance for Listed
          Companies (《上市公司治理準則》), Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies (《上市公司章
          程指引》), Provisions on the Administration of Equities of Securities Companies(《證 券 公 司 股 權 管 理 規 定》),
          Provisions on Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Provisions on the Administration of Equities of
          Securities Companies (《關於實施 < 證券公司股權管理規定 > 有關問題的規定》), Rules Governing the Listing of




174
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所股票上市規則》) and other relevant laws, regulations
and regulatory documents and in light of the Company’s actual condition, which was considered and
approved at the general meeting of the Company. Meanwhile, to further strengthen the communications
between the Company and investors, promote investors’ understanding of the Company and maximize the
corporate value and the interests of shareholders, the Company amended and improved the Administrative
System Regarding Investor Relationship. To strengthen the management of inside information, maintain
the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information disclosure and protect the legitimate rights
and interests of investors, the Company amended and improved the System Regarding Insider Registration
and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and approved by the Board of the Company.
In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered and approved by the Board and at the general

                                                                                                                           About Us
meeting, the Company adjusted the members of the fifth session of the Board and the special committees
of the Board to fully display professional advantages and improve the decision-making efficiency and level.
Through the establishment and improvement as well as the full implementation of the above systems, the
Company’s governance structure and level have been continuously standardized and improved.

The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board of Directors and the
Supervisory Committee of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed
truthful and accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor
relationship management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
management and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System regarding
Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant rules. The


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Company adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when practicing
corporate governance. The Company was once again rated Class A Level AA in the assessment of securities
firms conducted by the CSRC in 2020, and was rated as the highest level A in the 2019-2020 information
disclosure evaluation of listed companies organized by the Shanghai Stock Exchange during the Reporting
Period. In addition, with its outstanding performance in environmental, social and corporate governance,
the Company was included in the Hang Seng (China A) Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index and the
Company’s MSCI ESG rating in 2020 was BBB, currently the highest rating in the domestic securities industry.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
1. Shareholders and the General Meeting

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely. The largest
shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company exercised their rights in accordance with the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither directly or indirectly intervened in the decisions and
operations of the Company beyond the general meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or
requested the Company to provide any external guarantee. The Company was completely independent




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
from its largest shareholder and de facto controller in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and
business.

2. Directors and the Board


                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number
and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The
Board has continuously improved its rules of procedures. All the Board meetings were duly convened and
held, and all voting procedures at the meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the
Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
objectively worked to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders, and
played a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. All Directors performed
their respective responsibilities with due diligence in accordance with relevant requirements, and worked to
protect the interests of the Company and all shareholders.




                                                                                                                  175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

          The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support
          its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company should, when
          determining the composition of the Board, consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects,
          including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational background, professional experience, skills,
          knowledge and popularity in service. The determination of the members should be based on the value of
          the candidates and the contribution that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should
          be in the principle of “merit-based”. When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity
          of Board members should be taken into full consideration according to their objective conditions. The
          Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual report,
          inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and review
          such policy in due course so as to ensure its effectiveness.

          In 2019, the Company set up the fifth session of the Board of Directors, with members including strategic
          Shareholder representatives introduced through the non-public issuance of A Shares, forming a Board with
          diversified composition and complementary advantages.


          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

          By age group                 5 persons                      4 persons             2 persons     2 persons
                                 Aged 50 and below                   aged 51-55            aged 56-60 aged over 60

          By category      3 persons                     5 persons                            5 persons
          of Directors Executive Directors         non-executive Directors        independent non-executive Directors

          By gender        2 persons                                     11 persons
                         Female Directors                              male directors

          Professional background: finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, economic
          management, enterprise management, electronic communication, monetary banking, etc.



          3. Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

          The election and change of the Supervisors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The
          number and composition of the Supervisory Committee conformed to the requirements of the relevant
          laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee has continuously improved its rules of procedure. All the
          meetings of the Supervisory Committee were duly convened and held, and all voting procedures at the
          meetings were legal and valid. The Supervisory Committee is responsible to the general meeting. Based on
          the principle of being responsible to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the
          legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by the Board and the
          management of the Company. All Supervisors diligently performed their duties, attended all meetings of the
          Supervisory Committee and sat in the meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates, made reports to the
          general meeting and submitted its work report.

          4. Senior Management of the Company

          The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of
          Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management complied with the Company Law
          and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of the CEO and
          the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and
          regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
          legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to
          maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.




176
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
5. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict
compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders
had an equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of
the Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure
in strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
of the Company. The Board designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the Company’s
information disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information disclosure.


                                                                                                                           About Us
Meanwhile, the Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of investors
and questions from investors via e-mails, actively interacted with institutional investors during their on-site
surveys, and set up maintained an investor relations section on the Company’s website.

6. Stakeholders

The Company gave full respects to the shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and
protected their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of
business operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
standard way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
Company’s profits and social benefits.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied with
the requirements of the regulatory documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate governance
of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions as set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report, and met most of the recommended best
practices in the Corporate Governance Code.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
System

The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, regulatory documents
and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.

In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30)(《關 於 上 市 公 司 建 立 內 幕 信


                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011]30 號 )) by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records of Insiders
by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501)(《 關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 檔 案 報 送
工 作 的 通 知 》( 上 證 公 函 [2011]1501 號 )) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the
second session of the Board.

In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares
of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
third session of the Board.

In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and
approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.




                                                                                                                  177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          In August 2020, according to relevant requirements of the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders
          Reporting by Listed Companies of the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents,
          the Company made amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
          Confidentiality, which was considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
          information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
          records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
          planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
          preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
          requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept
          records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively
          prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
          derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
          use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
          disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
          punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the implementation of
          the Insider Registration and Management System or the possible involvement in insider dealing.

          (III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
          Governance

          The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles
          in the Corporate Governance Code and the Corporate Governance Report to be its own corporate
          governance policies. In respect of the corporate governance function, the terms of reference of the Board
          shall at least include:

          (1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;

          (2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
          senior management;

          (3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory
          requirements;

          (4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
          monitor employees and Directors;

          (5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
          Corporate Governance Report.

          (IV) Securities Transactions by Directors, Supervisors and Employees

          During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
          of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities
          transactions of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. According to the domestic regulatory
          requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth meeting of the third session of the Board on November
          25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative System regarding the Shares of the Company Held
          by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management (the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the
          holding and dealing in the shares of the Company by Directors, Supervisors and senior management. On
          March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System in order to meet the relevant
          regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares of the Company, which were considered and
          approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third session of the Board. The compulsory provisions contained
          in the Administrative System are stricter than those under the Model Code. Having made all enquiries with
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the Company confirmed that all Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management had strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the Administrative




178
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
System and Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, from time to time,
carry out inspection on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in order to ensure the
relevant provisions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules were well observed and to protect the interests of the
shareholders. Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and retired
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under “Changes in Shareholding
Structure and Remuneration” under “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Staff” in this report for
details of the shareholding of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



II. BRIEF INTRODUCTIONS TO THE GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                       Enquiry index
                                                                                                                            Date of
                                                                                                                            disclosure                  About Us
                                                                                                       of the websites      of the
                                                                                                       designated for       publication
                Convening                                                                              publication of       of the
Meeting         date            Resolutions                                              Status        the resolutions      resolutions

                                1. To consider and approve the 2019 Work Report
                                of the Board of the Company;
                                2. To consider and approve the 2019 Work Report
                                of the Supervisory Committee of the Company;
                                3. To consider and approve the 2019 Final


                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                Financial Report of the Company;
                                4. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                                2019 Annual Report of the Company;


                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                5. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                                2019 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                                6. To consider and approve the resolution on
                                the estimated ordinary transactions with related
                                parties of the Company for 2020;
                                7. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                                estimated investment amount for the proprietary
                                business of the Company for 2020;                                      http://www.sse.
                                                                                         All           com.cn
                                8. To consider and approve the resolution on             resolutions
2019 Annual                     the reappointment of the accounting firm of the
                June 18,                                                                 were          http://www.          June 19,
General




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                2020            Company;                                                 considered    hkexnews.hk          2020
Meeting                         9. To consider the proposal on the election of           and
                                Mr. Wang Jianwen as an independent non-                  approved      http://www.htsc.
                                executive Director of the fifth session of the                         com.cn
                                Board of the Company;
                                10. To consider and approve the resolution on
                                amendments to the Articles of Association of
                                Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                11. Debriefing of the Work Report of Independent
                                Directors of the Company for 2019;
                                12. Debriefing of the Report on Performance
                                Assessment and Remuneration of the Directors
                                of the Company in 2019;
                                13. Debriefing of the Report on Performance
                                Assessment and Remuneration of the




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                Supervisors of the Company for 2019;
                                14. Debriefing of the Report on Execution of Duty,
                                Performance Assessment and Remuneration of
                                Senior Management of the Company for 2019.




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, the Company held one general meeting in total, the details of which were as follows:
The 2019 annual general meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at Renaissance Nanjing Olympic
Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of Directors and hosted by the
Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and certain senior management
of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with relevant regulations such as the
Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the general meeting can be
found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and
our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times
published on June 19, 2020.
None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered. Therefore, none of the extraordinary
general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be
convened, convened or chaired by the holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                               179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                       Meeting form and
          Meeting name Date                                        Meeting motion                                                                   Status
                                       place

                                                                                                                                                    The
          The Third                                                                                                                                 resolution
          Meeting of the   January     By means of                 To consider the resolution on the appointment of Ms. Jiao Xiaoning as the        was
          Fifth Session    23, 2020    teleconference              Chief Financial Officer of the Company.                                          considered
          of the Board                                                                                                                              and
                                                                                                                                                    approved


                                                                                                                                                    The
          The Fourth                                                                                                                                resolution
          Meeting of the   February    By means of                 To consider the resolution on the engagement of the external evaluation          was
          Fifth Session    28, 2020    teleconference              institution for compliance management effectiveness for 2019.                    considered
          of the Board                                                                                                                              and
                                                                                                                                                    approved


                                                                   1. To consider the 2019 Work Report of the Senior Management of the
                                                                   Company;
                                                                   2. To consider the 2019 Financial Final Report of the Company;
                                                                   3. To consider the 2020 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                                   4. To consider the proposal on the 2019 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                                                                   5. To consider the 2019 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                       By means of on-site         6. To consider the resolution on the 2019 Annual Report of the Company;
                                       & video meetings.           7. To consider the resolution on the 2019 Annual Compliance Report of the
                                       Address: Large              Company;
                                       Conference Room,            8. To consider the resolution on the 2019 Annual Risk Management Report of
                                       Floor 12, Building 1,       the Company;
                                       Huatai Securities           9. To consider the resolution on the 2019 Annual Internal Control Evaluation
                                       Square, No. 228, Middle     Report of the Company;
                                       Jiangdong Road,             10. To consider the resolution on the Special Report on Information
                                       Nanjing; Simulated          Technology Management of the Company for 2019;
                                       Video Conference            11. To consider the resolution on the 2019 Social Responsibility Report of the
                                       Room, Huatai United         Company;
                                       Securities, Floor 6,        12. To consider the proposal on the estimated ordinary transactions with
                                       Building A, Fengming        related parties of the Company for 2020;
                                       International Building,     13. To consider the proposal on the estimated investment amount for the
                                       No. 22 Fengsheng            proprietary business of the Company for 2020;
                                       Alley, Xicheng District,    14. To consider the Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of Raised
                                       Beijing; Simulated          Funds of the Company for 2019;
                                       Video Conference            15. To consider the resolution on the reappointment of the accounting firm       All
          The Fifth                    Room, Shanghai              by the Company;                                                                  resolutions
          Meeting of the   March 30,   Branch Office of            16. To consider the proposal on the election of Mr. Wang Jianwen as an           were
          Fifth Session    2020        Huatai Securities,          independent nonexecutive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the       considered
          of the Board                 Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No.   Company;                                                                         and
                                       18, Dongfang Road,          17. To consider the resolution on amendments to the Articles of Association      approved
                                       Pudong New Area,            of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                       Shanghai; Simulated         18. To consider the resolution on amendments to the System for Investor
                                       Video Conference            Relationship Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                       Room, Shenzhen              19. To consider the resolution on the repurchase of A Shares of the
                                       Branch Office of            Company through centralized price bidding;
                                       Huatai Securities, 42/      20. To consider the resolution on the Key Work Plan for Promoting the
                                       F, Fund Mansion, No.        Establishment of First-Class Enterprises by Huatai Securities (2020);
                                       5999 Yitian Road,           21. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration
                                       Shenzhen; Simulated         of Directors of the Company for 2019;
                                       Video London                22. To consider the Report on Execution of Duty, Performance Assessment
                                       Conference Room,            and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2019;
                                       Huatai Financial            23. To consider the resolution on convening the 2019 Annual General
                                       Holdings (Hong Kong)        Meeting of the Company;
                                       Limited, 62/F, The          24. Debriefing of the Work Report of Independent Directors of the Company
                                       Center, 99 Queen’s          for 2019;
                                       Road Central, Hong          25. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit
                                       Kong.                       Committee of the Board of the Company for 2019;
                                                                   26. Debriefing of the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                                                   Company for 2019;
                                                                   27. Debriefing of the Work Report on Antimoney Laundering of the Company
                                                                   for 2019;
                                                                   28. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators of
                                                                   the Company for 2019.




180
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                              Meeting form and
Meeting name Date                                         Meeting motion                                                                   Status
                              place

                              By means of on-site &
                              video meetings.
                              Address: Large
                              Conference Room,
                              Floor 12, Building 1,
                              Huatai Securities
                              Square, No. 228, Middle
                              Jiangdong Road,
                              Nanjing; Medium
                              Conference Room,
                              Beijing Branch Office
                              of Huatai Securities,
                              Floor 18, Building


                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                              A, China Pacific
                              Insurance Plaza, No.
                              28 Fengsheng Alley,
                              Xicheng District,
                              Beijing; The Seventh
                                                                                                                                           All
                              Poly Conference
The Sixth                                                 1. To consider the resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company       resolutions
                              Room, Shanghai
Meeting of the   April 29,                                for 2020;                                                                        were
                              Branch Office of
Fifth Session    2020                                     2. To consider the resolution on the Work Outline for the Cultural               considered
                              Huatai Securities,
of the Board                                              Construction of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.                                      and
                              Floor 18, Poly Plaza, No.
                                                                                                                                           approved
                              18, Dongfang Road,
                              Pudong New Area,
                              Shanghai; Simulated
                              Video Conference



                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                              Room, Shenzhen
                              Branch Office of
                              Huatai Securities, 42/
                              F, Fund Mansion, No.




                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                              5999 Yitian Road,
                              Shenzhen; Simulated
                              Video London
                              Conference Room,
                              Huatai Financial
                              Holdings (Hong Kong)
                              Limited, 62/F, The
                              Center, 99 Queen’s
                              Road Central, Hong
                              Kong.


                              By means of on-site &
                              video meetings.




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                              Address: Large
                              Conference Room,
                              Floor 12, Building 1,
                              Huatai Securities
                              Square, No. 228, Middle
                              Jiangdong Road,
                              Nanjing; Medium
                              Conference Room,
                              Beijing Branch Office
                              of Huatai Securities,
                              Floor 18, Building
                              A, China Pacific
                              Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                          1. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Interim Report of the Company;
                              28 Fengsheng Alley,
                                                          2. To consider the resolution on amendments to the System regarding
                              Xicheng District,
                                                          Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality of Huatai
                              Beijing; Simulated
                                                          Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                            All
                              Video Conference
The Seventh                                               3. To consider the resolution on investment in the construction of the R&D       resolutions
                              Room, Shanghai
Meeting of the   August 26,                               and training center;                                                             were




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                              Branch Office of
Fifth Session    2020                                     4. To consider the resolution on providing guarantees to the liquidity of a      considered
                              Huatai Securities,
of the Board                                              holding subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. by the Company;            and
                              Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No.
                                                          5. To consider the resolution on application for increasing the line of credit   approved
                              18, Dongfang Road,
                                                          for refinancing business;
                              Pudong New Area,
                                                          6. Examination on the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control
                              Shanghai; Simulated




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                                          Indicators of the Company for the First Half of 2020.
                              Video Conference
                              Room, Shenzhen
                              Branch Office of
                              Huatai Securities, 42/
                              F, Fund Mansion, No.
                              5999 Yitian Road,
                              Shenzhen; Simulated
                              Video Beijing
                              Conference Room,
                              Huatai Financial
                              Holdings (Hong Kong)
                              Limited, 62/F, The
                              Center, 99 Queen’s
                              Road Central, Hong
                              Kong.




                                                                                                                                                         181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                       Meeting form and
          Meeting name Date                                        Meeting motion                                                                Status
                                       place

                                                                   1. To consider the resolution on the Implementation Plan on the               All
          The Eighth                                               Improvement Action of Benchmarking World-class Management of Huatai           resolutions
          Meeting of the   September   By means of                 Securities;                                                                   were
          Fifth Session    30, 2020    teleconference              2. To consider the resolution on terminating the provision of guarantees      considered
          of the Board                                             to certain net capitals for a wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Securities       and
                                                                   (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. by the Company.                         approved

                                       By means of on-site &
                                       video meetings.
                                       Address: Large
                                       Conference Room,
                                       Floor 12, Building 1,
                                       Huatai Securities
                                       Square, No. 228, Middle
                                       Jiangdong Road,
                                       Nanjing; Medium
                                       Conference Room,
                                       Beijing Branch Office
                                       of Huatai Securities,
                                       Floor 18, Building
                                       A, China Pacific
                                       Insurance Plaza, No.                                                                                      The
          The Ninth                    28 Fengsheng Alley,                                                                                       resolution
          Meeting of the   October     Xicheng District,           To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company for   was
          Fifth Session    30, 2020    Beijing; Simulated          2020.                                                                         considered
          of the Board                 Video Conference                                                                                          and
                                       Room, Shanghai                                                                                            approved
                                       Branch Office of
                                       Huatai Securities,
                                       Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No.
                                       18, Dongfang Road,
                                       Pudong New Area,
                                       Shanghai; Simulated
                                       Video London
                                       Conference Room,
                                       Huatai Financial
                                       Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                       Limited, 62/F, The
                                       Center, 99 Queen’s
                                       Road Central, Hong
                                       Kong.

                                                                                                                                                 The
          The Tenth                                                                                                                              resolution
                                                                   To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Basic System for Anti-
          Meeting of the   November    By means of                                                                                               was
                                                                   Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Fifth Session    30, 2020    teleconference                                                                                            considered
                                                                   Ltd.
          of the Board                                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                                                                 approved




182
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                            Meeting form and
Meeting name Date                                       Meeting motion                                                                    Status
                            place

                            By means of on-site &
                            video meetings.
                            Address: Large
                            Conference Room,
                            Floor 12, Building 1,
                            Huatai Securities
                            Square, No. 228, Middle
                            Jiangdong Road,
                            Nanjing; Medium
                            Conference Room,
                                                        1. To consider the resolution on amendments to the Strategic Management
                            Beijing Branch Office
                                                        System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                            of Huatai Securities,
                                                        2. To consider the resolution on the Composition Adjustment of Special
                            Floor 18, Building


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                                                        Committees of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company;
                            A, China Pacific
                                                        3. To consider the proposal on the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-
                            Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                        executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company;
                            28 Fengsheng Alley,
                                                        4. To consider the resolution on amendments to the Rules of Procedures of
                            Xicheng District,
                                                        the General Meeting of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.;
                            Beijing; Simulated
                                                        5. To consider the resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and                 All
                            Video Conference
The Eleventh                                            Overseas Debt Financing Instruments of the Company;                               resolutions
                            Room, Shanghai
Meeting of the   December                               6. To consider the resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A       were
                            Branch Office of
Fifth Session    31, 2020                               Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary;                       considered
                            Huatai Securities,
of the Board                                            7. To consider the resolution on the Administration Measures for the              and
                            Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No.
                                                        Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.;        approved
                            18, Dongfang Road,
                                                        8. To consider the resolution on the Administration Measures for the
                            Pudong New Area,
                                                        Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                            Shanghai; Simulated
                                                        of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.;
                            Video Conference
                                                        9. To consider the resolution on the Authorization Granted by the General



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                            Room, Shenzhen
                                                        Meeting to the Board to Deal with Relevant Matters on the Restricted Share
                            Branch Office of
                                                        Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                            Huatai Securities, 42/
                                                        10. To consider the resolution on the convening of the 2021 first extraordinary
                            F, Fund Mansion, No.
                                                        general meeting of the Company.



                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                            5999 Yitian Road,
                            Shenzhen; Simulated
                            Video London
                            Conference Room,
                            Huatai Financial
                            Holdings (Hong Kong)
                            Limited, 62/F, The
                            Center, 99 Queen’s
                            Road Central, Hong
                            Kong.



Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                        183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          Meeting name Date            Meeting form and place          Meeting motion                                                                Status

                                                                       1. To consider the 2019 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee of the
                                                                       Company;
                                                                       2. To consider the Proposal on the 2019 Profit Distribution of the Company;
          The Second                   By means of on-site meeting.    3. To consider the Resolution on the 2019 Annual Report of the Company;       All
          Meeting                      Address: Small Conference       4. To consider the Resolution on the 2019 Annual Internal Control             resolutions
                           March
          of the Fifth                 Room, Floor 12, Building 1,     Evaluation Report of the Company;                                             were
                           30,
          Session of the               Huatai Securities Square, No.   5. To consider the Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of Raised     considered
                           2020
          Supervisory                  228, Middle Jiangdong Road,     Funds for 2019;                                                               and
          Committee                    Nanjing.                        6. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration          approved
                                                                       of the Supervisors of the Company for 2019;
                                                                       7. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2019;
                                                                       8. Debriefing of the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2020.


          The Third                    By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                  The
          Meeting                      Address: Small Conference                                                                                     resolution
          of the Fifth     April 29,   Room, Floor 12, Building 1,     To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company       was
          Session of the   2020        Huatai Securities Square, No.   for 2020.                                                                     considered
          Supervisory                  228, Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                                                   and
          Committee                    Nanjing.                                                                                                      approved

          The Fourth                   By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                  The
          Meeting                      Address: Small Conference                                                                                     resolution
                           August
          of the Fifth                 Room, Floor 12, Building 1,                                                                                   was
                           26,                                         To consider the Resolution on 2020 Interim Report of the Company.
          Session of the               Huatai Securities Square, No.                                                                                 considered
                           2020
          Supervisory                  228, Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                                                   and
          Committee                    Nanjing.                                                                                                      approved

          The Fifth                    By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                  The
          Meeting                      Address: Small Conference                                                                                     resolution
          of the Fifth     October     Room, Floor 12, Building 1,     To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company       was
          Session of the   30, 2020    Huatai Securities Square, No.   for 2020.                                                                     considered
          Supervisory                  228, Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                                                   and
          Committee                    Nanjing.                                                                                                      approved

                                                                       1. To consider the resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
          The Sixth                    By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                  All
                                                                       Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary;
          Meeting of the               Address: Small Conference                                                                                     resolutions
                                                                       2. To consider the resolution on the Administration Measures for the
          Fifth Session    December    Room, Floor 12, Building 1,                                                                                   were
                                                                       Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.;
          of the           31, 2020    Huatai Securities Square, No.                                                                                 considered
                                                                       3. To consider the resolution on the Administration Measures for the
          Supervisory                  228, Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                                                   and
                                                                       Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive
          Committee                    Nanjing.                                                                                                      approved
                                                                       Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.



          Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Supervisory Committee can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www. hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.
          com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




184
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
V. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
(I) Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and General Meetings

                                                                                                              Attendance
                                                   Attendance at Board meetings                                at general
                                                                                                                meetings

                    Whether                                                                       Whether
                   or not he/                                                                   or not he/
Name of                          Times of
                    she is an attendance                                                        she failed
Director                                                                                                         Times of
                independent                                  Attendance                          to attend
                                 at Board Attendance                    Attendance                            attendance

                                                                                                                                     About Us
                     Director                               by means of               Absence the meeting
                                meetings     in person                     by proxy                            at general
                                                         teleconference                          in person
                               during the                                                                       meetings
                                                                                                    for two
                                    year
                                                                                              consecutive
                                                                                                      times

Zhang Wei                 No            9           9               4            –           –          No              1

Zhou Yi                   No            9           9               4            –           –          No             –

Ding Feng                 No            9           9               4            –           –          No              1



                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
Chen Yongbing             No            9           8               4             1          –          No             –

Xu Qing                   No            9           9               4            –           –          No             –


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
Hu Xiao                   No            9           8               4             1          –          No             –

Wang Tao                  No            9           6               4            3           –          No             –

Zhu Xuebo                 No            9           8               4             1          –          No              1

Chen
                         Yes            9           9               4            –           –          No             –
Chuanming




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Liu Hongzhong            Yes            4           4               2            –           –          No             –

Lee Chi Ming             Yes            9           9               4            –           –          No             –

Liu Yan                  Yes            9           7               4            2           –          No             –

Chen Zhibin              Yes            9           8               4             1          –          No              1

Wang
                         Yes            5           5               2            –           –          No             –
Jianwen



There existed no such circumstance that a Director failed to attend the Board meetings in person twice in



                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
succession


Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                      9



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Of which: number of on-site meetings                                                               -

Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                          4

Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                             5



(II) No Objections Raised by Independent Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company




                                                                                                                            185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Others

          1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

          (1) Composition of the Board

          According to the relevant regulations of Articles of Association of the Company, the Board shall be
          composed of 13 Directors, with the number of independent Directors accounting for at least 1/3 of the
          total number. On December 16, 2019, the fifth session of the Board was elected in the Company’s first
          extraordinary general meeting in 2019. During the Reporting Period, as considered and approved at the 2019
          Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company made adjustments to the fifth Board members. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board, including 3 executive Directors (Mr.
          Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi, Mr. Zhu Xuebo), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr. Ding Feng, Mr. Chen Yongbing, Mr. Xu
          Qing, Ms. Hu Xiao, Mr. Wang Tao) and 5 independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Chen Chuanming, Mr. Lee
          Chi Ming, Ms. Liu Yan, Mr. Chen Zhibin, Mr. Wang Jianwen).

          The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
          on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three
          years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
          of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations of
          Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company received the annual written confirmation from each
          independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these confirmations
          and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their independence.

          The Company covered liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other
          related staff held responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 annual general meeting, to protect
          them from the compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid
          management risk and legal risk which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed
          to, and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

          (2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

          The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting.
          According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board shall exercise the following major
          functions and powers: to convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out
          the resolutions of the general meetings; to resolve on the business & investment plans of the Company;
          to prepare annual financial budget plan and final accounting plan of the Company; to prepare profit
          distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on
          increasing or decreasing the registered capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to
          formulate plans for material acquisition, purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution
          or transformation of the Company; to determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such
          matters as external investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee,
          entrusted wealth management, related-party transactions, etc.; to decide on the establishment of the
          Company’s internal management organizations; to appoint or dismiss the Company’s chief executive
          officer and secretary to the Board; to appoint or dismiss other senior management of the Company
          including member of Executive Committee, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer
          and chief information officer according to the nominations by the president, and to decide the matters
          on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to set up the basic management system of the
          Company; to formulate the proposals for any amendment to the Articles of Association; to manage the
          Company’s information disclosure; to propose to the general meeting the appointment or replacement
          of the accounting firms which provide audit services for the Company; to listen to the work reports of the
          Executive Committee and review its work; to decide the Company’s compliance management objectives
          and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, including but not limited
          to: considering and approving the basic system for compliance management and the annual compliance
          report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance management, urging to solve problems in compliance
          management, establishing the mechanism for direct communication with the chief compliance officer,




186
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment on the senior management, various departments
and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance Department and compliance management personnel;
to formulate the risk control system of the Company; to determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution
plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s shares due to the circumstances specified in the Articles of
Association of the Company; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by laws, administrative
regulations, departmental rules or the Articles of Association.

(3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management

The Board is responsible for overall strategies and governance of the Company, and the Operation
Management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies and

                                                                                                                          About Us
policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company. The
Operation Management is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
functions and powers according to the Articles of Association of the Company: to carry out Company’s
operation policies determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and
management of the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to
formulate final accounting plan, profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate
the registered capital change plans and bonds insurance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
merger, division, change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and
plans for investment, financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
authorization; to formulate Company’s plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to prepare
and approve the employee benefits plans and promotion and demotion plans; and to exercise other
functions and powers authorized by the Board.

(4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings

1) On June 26, 2019, Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing Instruments
of the Company was reviewed and passed at the Company’s general meeting of 2018. According to the
resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 406) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued
four tranches of corporate bonds totalling RMB20 billion during the Reporting Period.

2) On June 26, 2019, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2018.
According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai
International (an overseas wholly-owned subsidiary) issued one tranche of USD bonds totalling USD0.4
billion.

3) On June 26, 2019, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2018.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
According to the resolution, after being permitted by the Notice on Verifying the Maximum Outstanding
Balance of Short-term Debentures of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. from the People’s Bank of China (Yin Fa [2019]
No. 60)(《關於核定华泰证券股份有限公司短期融資券最高待償還餘額的通知》( 銀發 [2019]60 號 )) and the Notice
on the Matter regarding Maximum Outstanding Balance of Short-term Debentures of Huatai Securities Co.,



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Ltd. (Yin Shi Chang [2019] No. 132)(《關於华泰证券股份有限公司短期融資券最高待償還餘額有關事項的通知》( 銀市
場 [2019]132 號 )) from the Financial Market Department of the People’s Bank of China, during the Reporting
Period, the Company issued ten tranches of short-term debentures in aggregate with totaling RMB42 billion.

4) On June 26, 2019, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2018.
According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of
Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 2057) of
the CSRC, the Company publicly issued two tranches of corporate bonds totaling RMB11.5 billion during the
Reporting Period.

5) On June 26, 2019, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing




                                                                                                                 187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2018.
          According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of
          Subordinated Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 2599)
          of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued one tranche of subordinated bonds totaling RMB5 billion during
          the Reporting Period.

          6) On June 26, 2019, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2018.
          According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of
          Short-term Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020]
          No. 1904) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued three tranches of short-term corporate bonds totaling
          RMB16 billion during the Reporting Period.

          7) On June 18, 2020, the Resolution on the 2019 Profit Distribution of the Company was considered and
          approved at the shareholders’ general meeting of 2019 of the Company. According to the resolution, during
          the Reporting Period, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based
          on the Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the number of shares held
          in the special account for repurchase of the Company after the closing of the record date of holders of A
          Shares for the profit distribution, with the total cash dividend of RMB2,701,394,989.80. During the Reporting
          Period, the profit distribution plan was completed.

          8) On June 18, 2020, Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company
          for 2020 was considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting of 2019 of the Company. For
          details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the
          Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Material Related-party Transactions” under
          “Major Events” in this report.

          9) On June 18, 2020, Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary Business
          for 2020 was considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2019. According to the
          resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled within
          the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

          10) On June 18, 2020, Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firm of the Company was
          considered and approved at the Company’s general meeting of 2019. According to the resolution, during
          the Reporting Period, the Company continued to appoint KPMG Huazhen LLP to handle 2020 annual financial
          statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and its holding subsidiaries, and to issue
          the audit report of A shares, internal control auditing report and GDR auditing report; the Company also
          appointed KPMG for auditing services of H Shares for the Company, and to issue the audit report of H Shares.

          (5) Training of Directors

          Trainings are provided to Directors on an on-going basis. The Company attaches great importance
          to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors form an appropriate understanding of
          the operation of the Company and its business and they understand their duties and responsibilities as
          directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as
          stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the
          Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance to updating professional knowledge
          and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company. In addition to participation in regular
          trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory organizations and complete required ongoing
          trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it
          to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest policies and regulations and industrial trends and
          enhance their knowledge and understanding of the culture and operation of the Company. In addition,
          the Company continuously improved the internal work procedures, established the multi-level information
          communication mechanism, and set up the information communication platform, in order to ensure the
          access to information for Directors to perform their duties and constantly improve their overall performance
          capability.




188
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
During the Reporting Period, the main trainings of the Directors of the Company were as follows:


Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer             Content                                      Location

                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                        Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                          training)
                                              latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on illegal responsibilities for      Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                                                                                        About Us
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         securities of listed companies under the      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             new Securities Law                            training)
                        for Public Companies

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
Zhang                                                                                       training)
Wei                                           Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                     (network video


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                      Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                          training)
                                              policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-11                                                                      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                           training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                        Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                          training)
                                              latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on illegal responsibilities for      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         securities of listed companies under the      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             new Securities Law                            training)
                        for Public Companies

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Zhou Yi
                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                     (network video
                      Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                                                                          training)
                                              policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-11                                                                      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                           training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




                                                                                                               189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                  Training
          Name       Date         Organizer            Content                                      Location

                                                       Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Shanghai Stock       work on SSE listed companies in the
                     2020-7-17                                                                     (network video
                                  Exchange             second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                                   training)
                                                       latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on illegal responsibilities for     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2020-8-19                         securities of listed companies under the     (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       new Securities Law                           training)
                                  for Public Companies

                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                                       Hong Kong capital market
          Ding                                                                                       training)
          Feng                                         Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                Shanghai Stock         work on SSE listed companies in the third
                     2020-10-30                                                                    (network video
                                Exchange               quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                                   training)
                                                       policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                                       Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                     training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
                     2020-12-7                                                                      (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                                    training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies

                                                       Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Shanghai Stock       work on SSE listed companies in the
                     2020-7-17                                                                     (network video
                                  Exchange             second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                                   training)
                                                       latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on illegal responsibilities for     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2020-9-11                         securities of listed companies under the     (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       new Securities Law                           training)
                                  for Public Companies

                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                                       Hong Kong capital market
          Chen                                                                                       training)
          Yongbing                                     Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                Shanghai Stock         work on SSE listed companies in the third
                     2020-10-30                                                                    (network video
                                Exchange               quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                                   training)
                                                       policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                                       Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                     training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
                     2020-12-7                                                                      (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                                    training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




190
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Director                                                                                  Training
Name       Date         Organizer            Content                                      Location

                                             Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock       work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                     (network video
                        Exchange             second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                         training)
                                             latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on illegal responsibilities for     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         securities of listed companies under the     (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             new Securities Law                           training)

                                                                                                                       About Us
                        for Public Companies

                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                             Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                             Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                           training)
Xu Qing
                                             Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock         work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                    (network video
                      Exchange               quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                         training)
                                             policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                             Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                    (network
                                             Hong Kong capital market

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                                           training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-7                                                                      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                          training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies

                                             Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                         Shanghai
                        Shanghai Stock       work on SSE listed companies in the




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
           2020-7-17                                                                     (network video
                        Exchange             second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                         training)
                                             latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on illegal responsibilities for     Shanghai
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         securities of listed companies under the     (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             new Securities Law                           training)
                        for Public Companies

                                                                                           Shanghai
                                             Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                    (network video
                                             Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                           training)
Hu Xiao



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                             Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                         Shanghai
                      Shanghai Stock         work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                    (network video
                      Exchange               quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                         training)
                                             policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                                                           Shanghai
                                             Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                    (network video
                                             Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                           training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                          Shanghai
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-7                                                                      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                          training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




                                                                                                              191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer             Content                                      Location

                                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Shenzhen
                                  Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
                     2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                                  Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Shenzhen
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2020-7-28                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       under the new Securities Law                  training)
                                  for Public Companies

                                                                                                      Shenzhen
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
          Wang                                                                                        training)
          Tao                                           Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Shenzhen
                                Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
                     2020-10-30                                                                     (network video
                                Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                                      Shenzhen
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                      training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                                     Shenzhen
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
                     2020-12-18                                                                      (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                                     training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies

                                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
                     2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                                  Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2020-7-28                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       under the new Securities Law                  training)
                                  for Public Companies

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
          Zhu                                                                                         training)
          Xuebo                                         Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
                     2020-10-30                                                                     (network video
                                Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                      training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
                     2020-12-11                                                                      (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                                     training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




192
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer             Content                                      Location

                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                        Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                          training)
                                              latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                        Jiangsu Association

                                                                                                                        About Us
                                             under the new Securities Law                  training)
                        for Public Companies

           2020-8-18                          Phase-II Following-up Training for        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock
           to 2020-8-                         Independent Directors of Listed Companies (network video
                      Exchange
           24                                 in 2020                                   training)

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
Chen                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
          2020-10-14    Clifford Chance                                                     (network
Chuanming                                     Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                     (network video


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                      Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                          training)
                                              policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-7                                                                       (network video




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                           training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies

                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                        Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                          training)
                                              latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                        Jiangsu Securities
                                             Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Hong Kong
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-7-28                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             under the new Securities Law                  training)
                        for Public Companies




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                                                            Hong Kong
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
Lee Chi                                                                                     training)




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Ming                                          Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Hong Kong
                      Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                     (network video
                      Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                          training)
                                              policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                            Hong Kong
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                           Hong Kong
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-11                                                                      (network video
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                           training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




                                                                                                               193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer             Content                                      Location

                     2020-6-17                          Phase-I Following-up Training for
                                Shanghai Stock                                                    Beijing (network
                     to 2020-6-                         Independent Directors of Listed Companies
                                Exchange                                                          video training)
                     24                                 in 2020

                                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                  Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the         Beijing (network
                     2020-7-17
                                  Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of       video training)
                                                        latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on responsibilities for unlawful
                                  Regulatory Bureau,                                                 Beijing (network
                     2020-8-19                         acts of securities for listed companies
                                  Jiangsu Association                                                video training)
                                                       under the new Securities Law
                                  for Public Companies

          Liu Yan                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Beijing (network
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance
                                                        Hong Kong capital market                      training)

                                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third   Beijing (network
                     2020-10-30
                                Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest       video training)
                                                        policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Beijing (network
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance
                                                        Hong Kong capital market                      training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions      Beijing (network
                     2020-12-7
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving      video training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies

                                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
                     2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                                  Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2020-8-19                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       under the new Securities Law                  training)
                                  for Public Companies

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
          Chen                                                                                        training)
          Zhibin                                        Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
                     2020-10-30                                                                     (network video
                                Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                                    training)
                                                        policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                                        Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                      training)

                                  Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
                     2020-12-11                                                                      (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                                     training)
                                  for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




194
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer             Content                                      Location

                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Shanghai Stock        work on SSE listed companies in the
           2020-7-17                                                                      (network video
                        Exchange              second quarter and interpretations of
                                                                                          training)
                                              latest policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

           2020-8-18                          Phase-II Following-up Training for        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock
           to 2020-8-                         Independent Directors of Listed Companies (network video
                      Exchange
           24                                 in 2020                                   training)

                        Jiangsu Securities                                                                              About Us
                                             Training on responsibilities for unlawful     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,
           2020-9-11                         acts of securities for listed companies       (network video
                        Jiangsu Association
                                             under the new Securities Law                  training)
                        for Public Companies

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
Wang                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-10-14   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
Jianwen                                       Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                              Report on regulatory situation and relevant
                                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Shanghai Stock          work on SSE listed companies in the third
           2020-10-30                                                                     (network video


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                      Exchange                quarter and interpretations of latest
                                                                                          training)
                                              policies of Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2020-11-23   Clifford Chance                                                     (network
                                              Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                            training)

                        Jiangsu Securities   Publicity and training on the
                                                                                           Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Regulatory Bureau,   implementation and study of the Opinions
           2020-12-7                                                                       (network video




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                        Jiangsu Association of the State Council on Further Improving
                                                                                           training)
                        for Public Companies the Quality of Listed Companies




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the
          Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
          the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
          Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
          and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely
          and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
          reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
          Chief Executive Officer.

          According to provisions of A.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman and chief
          executive shall be separate and should not be performed by the same individual at the same time. On
          December 16, 2019, at the first meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company elected Mr. Zhang
          Wei as the chairman of the fifth session of the Board and continued to hire Mr. Zhou Yi as the Chief
          Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company. The Board thinks that this
          management structure is effective and has enough checks and balances for the Company’s operation.

          3. Non-executive Directors

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent non-
          executive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and
          remuneration of current and retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting
          Period” under “Changes in Shareholding Structure and Remuneration” under “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
          Management and Staff” in this report.

          4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

          (1) Regular reporting of relevant works

          In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
          performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
          for Independent Directors of the Company.

          On January 17, 2020, at the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020, the
          Audit Committee listened to the report on the arrangement of audit progress of the audit work in 2019, the
          focus of annual audit and the situation of pre-audit made by relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP,
          and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP. Two out of the
          three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who put forward opinions
          and suggestions to the supplement and perfection of the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2019 from
          different perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive
          Directors.

          On February 28, 2020, at the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for
          2020, the Audit Committee considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing Plan of the Company
          for 2019. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors,
          who examined the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2019 from different perspectives in their roles as
          members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

          On March 27, 2020, at the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020, the
          Audit Committee examined the Company’s Annual Financial Statement in 2019, Annual Report in 2019, Annual
          Internal Control Evaluation Report in 2019, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the
          Board in 2019 and Internal Audit Work Plan in 2020, etc., reviewed the “Key Audit Matters” and other important
          issues involved in the Company’s 2019 Annual Audit Report, and listened to the report on the internal audit
          work of the Company in 2019. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-
          executive Directors, who examined relevant resolutions and gave opinions from different perspectives in




196
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

On August 4, 2020, at the fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020, the
Audit Committee listened to the report on the 2020 mid-term review of the Company’s H+G Shares and
the audit plan of the Company’s 2020 A+H+G Share annual report made by relevant personnel from KPMG
Huazhen LLP, and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP.
Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who made
discussions, exchanged views and made comments and suggestions from different perspectives in their
roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

(2) Consideration on related-party transactions

On March 30, 2020, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions                   About Us
on the Proposal on the Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2020. They were of the
opinion that the relevant related-party transactions were fair with reference to the market price for pricing
the transactions without compromising the interests of the Company and other shareholders; the relevant
related-party transactions were all derived in the ordinary operation of the Company and would help carry
out the businesses of the Company and bring certain income to the Company; the procedures for approval
for relevant related-party transactions complied with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
as well as the Articles of Association of the Company and the Management System for Related-party
Transactions of the Company.



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(3) Other performance of duties

On January 23, 2020, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent
opinions on the appointment of Ms. Jiao Xiaoning as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. On March
30, 2020, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave special clarification and
independent opinions on external guarantees carried out by the Company in 2019, gave special clarification
and independent opinions on fund intercourse between the Company and the controlling shareholders
and other related parties, gave independent opinions on the Proposal on Profit Distribution of the Company




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
in 2019, gave independent opinions on Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of the Company in 2019,
gave independent opinions on the re-appointment of the accounting firm, gave independent opinions on
the nomination of Mr. Wang Jianwen as the candidate for an independent non-executive director of the
fifth session of the Board of the Company and gave independent opinions on the repurchase of A shares of
the Company through centralized price bidding. On December 31, 2020, all the independent non-executive
Directors of the Company gave independent opinions on the nomination of Mr. Ke Xiang as the candidate
for a non-executive director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company and gave independent
opinions on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and relevant
matters.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VI. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES BY THE SPECIAL COMMITTEES OF THE
          BOARD
          The Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management Committee, Remuneration and
          Appraisal Committee, Nomination Committee and Audit Committee have been been established at the fifth
          session of the Board of the Company.

          (I) Development Strategy Committee of the Board

          The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include: 1. Understanding and
          grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding, analyzing and grasping the
          current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding and grasping the relevant
          domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term development strategies of the
          Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the Company’s long-term development
          strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions; 6. Considering and approving the special
          research reports on development strategies; 7. Publishing daily research reports in a regular or irregular
          manner; 8. other duties assigned by the Board.

          During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of three
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:

          1. The Development Strategy Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the first meeting of 2020
          by way of teleconference on March 27, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution on the Key Work
          Plan for Promoting the Establishment of First-Class Enterprises by Huatai Securities (2020).

          2. The Development Strategy Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the second meeting of
          2020 by way of teleconference on April 28, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution on the Work
          Outline for the Cultural Construction of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

          3. The Development Strategy Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the third meeting of
          2020 by way of teleconference on December 31, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution on
          Amendments to the Strategic Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.


          Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee at meetings held during the Reporting
          Period:


          Name                                Attendance in person/ Number of meetings requiring attendance

          Zhang Wei                                                          3/3

          Zhou Yi                                                            3/3

          Chen Yongbing                                                      3/3

          Hu Xiao                                                            3/3

          Wang Tao                                                           3/3




198
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.

During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened four
meetings, the details of which were as follows:                                                                                                          About Us
1. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the
first meeting of 2020 by way of teleconference on February 28, 2020, and considered and approved
the Resolution on the Engagement of the External Evaluation Institution for Compliance Management
Effectiveness for 2019.

2. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the second
meeting of 2020 by way of teleconference on March 27, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
on the Annual Compliance Report of the Company in 2019, the Resolution on the Annual Risk Management
Report of the Company in 2019 and the Resolution on Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of the



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Company in 2019.

3. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the third
meeting of 2020 by way of teleconference on August 25, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution
on the Company’s 2020 Interim Compliance Report.

4. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the fifth session of the Board convened the fourth
meeting of 2020 by way of teleconference on November 30, 2020, and considered and approved the
Resolution on Amendments to the Basic System for Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing of




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.



Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at meetings held during the
Reporting Period is as follows:


Name                                            Attendance in person/ Number of meetings requiring attendance

Zhou Yi                                                                                  4/4

Xu Qing                                                                                  4/4



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Liu Yan                                                                                  4/4

Ke Xiang                                                                                   -



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Wang Jianwen                                                                               -


Note: The fifth session of the Board convened the thirteenth meeting on February 8, 2021, and considered and approved the Resolution on the
Adjustment to the Composition of Certain Special Committees under the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company. According to the resolution,
Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang Jianwen became members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee.




                                                                                                                                                199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Audit Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
          It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
          to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
          make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
          submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the
          completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
          review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall pay
          special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters
          concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-going
          operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; ⑤ Compliance with the accounting standards;
          and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
          financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
          and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
          of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given
          enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its
          validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
          appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It
          shall hold the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and
          supervise their relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant
          responsibility of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor
          is objective and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on
          Audit offered by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors
          to the management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the
          response of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the
          Explanation Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring
          the Company’s financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the
          financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing
          the risk management and internal supervision system with the management so as to ensure that the
          management has performed its duty and established a valid internal supervision system; studying the
          important investigations results and responses of the management related to risk management and
          internal supervision system actively or as assigned by the Board of Directors; 8. Reporting the above issues
          to the Board; 9. Checking the Company’s following arrangement: Employees of the Company may secretly
          raise concerns on irregular conducts about financial reporting, internal monitoring, or other aspects. The
          Audit Committee shall ensure that there is appropriate arrangement for the Company to make fair and
          independent investigation and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10. Studying other projects defined
          by the Board; 11. Other responsibilities according to the Company’s Articles of Association or the Listing rules
          or laws and regulations of the place where the Company is listed.

          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board convened seven meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:

          1. The first meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by way
          of on-site & video meetings on January 17, 2020. At the meeting, the committee listened to the report on
          the progress of the audit work in 2019, the focus of annual audit and the situation of pre-audit made by
          relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP, and the members discussed and communicated with relevant
          personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP. At the meeting, the chairman and independent non-executive Director
          Lee Chi Ming inquired about key audit matters and the operation of valuation model. Committee member
          and non-executive director Ding Feng inquired about the scope of consolidated financial statements of
          the Company. Committee member and independent non-executive director Chen Zhibin inquired about
          the differences between domestic and overseas internal control and accounting standards, the scope
          of structured entities and quantitative investments and reminded the auditors of paying attention to the
          requirements and key points of China Association of Public Companies on the auditing of annual reports.
          Relevant personnel of KPMG Huazhen LLP and the Planning and Finance Department of the Company made




200
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
detailed explanations.

2. The second meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
way of communication on February 28, 2020, which considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing
Plan of the Company for 2019.

3. The third meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
way of communication on March 27, 2020, at which the Final Financial Report of the Company for 2019,
the Financial Budget Report of the Company for 2020, the Proposal on the Profit Distribution Plan of the
Company for 2019, the Resolution on the Annual Financial Statements of the Company for 2019, the Proposal
on the Annual Report of the Company for 2019, the Resolution on the Internal Control Assessment Report of

                                                                                                                         About Us
the Company for 2019, the Special Report on the Company’s Deposit and Actual Use of the Fund Raised in
2019, the Proposal on the Anticipation of Related Party Transactions of the Company for 2020, the Proposal
on the Re-appointment of the Company’s Accounting Firm for 2020, the Report on Performance of Duties
of Audit Committee under the Board of the Company for 2019, the Special Audit Report on Connected
Transactions of the Company for 2019, and the Work Plan for the Internal Audit of the Company for 2020
were considered and approved, and the Audit Committee reviewed the Important Matters Involved in the “Key
Audit Matters” as Set Out in the Annual Audit Report of the Company for 2019, and the Briefing in Relation to
the Internal Audit Report of the Company for 2019.



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
4. The fourth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
way of communication on April 28, 2020, at which the Resolution on the Financial Statements for January to


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
March 2020 of the Company was considered and approved.

5. The fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by way
of on-site & video meetings on August 4, 2020. Committee member and non-executive director Ding Feng
authorized and appointed committee member and independent non-executive director Chen Zhibin to
attend the meeting. At the meeting, the committee listened to the report on the 2020 mid-term review of
the Company’s H+G Share and the Company’s 2020 A+H+G Share annual audit plan made by relevant
personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP, and discussed and communicated with relevant personnel from KPMG




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Huazhen LLP. At the meeting, the chairman and independent non-executive Director Lee Chi Ming inquired
about the disclosure about the effects of the pandemic, the application of AI in the audit work and the
cooperation of management in key audit matters. Committee member and independent non-executive
Director Chen Zhibin inquired about the effects of uncertainties in international situation on domestic
and overseas audit and suggested paying attention to risk preference after the change of management
structure and other issues. Relevant personnel of KPMG Huazhen LLP and the Planning and Finance
Department of the Company made detailed explanations.

6. The sixth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
way of teleconference on August 25, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution on the Financial
Statement of the Company in the First Half of 2020, the Resolution on Interim Report of the Company in 2020.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
7. The seventh meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
way of teleconference on October 29, 2020, and the Resolution on the Financial Statements for January to
September of 2020 of the Company.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period:

Name                                 Attendance in person/ Number of meetings requiring attendance

Lee Chi Ming                                                         7/7

Ding Feng                                                            6/7

Chen Zhibin                                                          7/7




                                                                                                                201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Nomination Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing the structure, headcount
          and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least once each year and
          making recommendations regarding any proposed changes in the Board in line with the Company’s
          strategies; 2. Considering and making suggestions on the criteria and procedures for the selection of
          Directors and senior management members; 3. Searching for qualified candidates for Director and
          senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by Directors or making
          recommendations to the Board; 4. Reviewing and making suggestions on the qualification requirements
          for Directors and senior management; 5. Assessing the independence of independent non-executive
          Directors; 6. Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors (in particular the chairman and the president); 7. Other responsibilities
          stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.

          During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened three meetings, the details
          of which were as follows:

          1. The first meeting of the Nomination Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened by
          way of teleconference on January 23, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution in relation to the
          Appointment of Ms. Jiao Xiaoning as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (《關於聘任焦曉寧女士為公司
          首席財務官的預案》).

          2. The second meeting of the Nomination Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened
          by way of teleconference on March 27, 2020 and considered and approved the Resolution in relation to the
          Election of Mr. Wang Jianwen as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of
          the Company (《關於選舉王建文先生為公司第五屆董事會獨立非執行董事的預案》).

          3. The third meeting of the Nomination Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2020 was convened
          by way of teleconference on December 31, 2020 and considered and approved the Resolution in relation to
          the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company (《關
          於選舉柯翔先生為公司第五屆董事會非執行董事的預案》).


          Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
          Period:


          Name                                 Attendance in person/ Number of meetings requiring attendance

          Chen Chuanmin                                                        3/3

          Zhu Xuebo                                                            3/3

          Liu Yan                                                              3/3




202
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(V) Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior
management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’
remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
assessment on and making recommendations to the Directors and senior management: making
recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and compensation
payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or appointment), for

                                                                                                                                                         About Us
certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5. Reviewing
and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual terms.
In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not be
excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal
of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate;


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
7. Ensuring that no Director or any of his/ her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration;
and 8. Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened three
meetings, the details of which were as follows:

1. On March 27, 2020, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the fifth session of the Board held its
first meeting for 2020 by way of teleconference, and considered and approved the Report on Performance
Assessment and Remuneration of the Directors of the Company in 2019 and Report on Execution of Duty,
Performance Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company in 2019.

2. On August 25, 2020, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the fifth session of the Board held its




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
second meeting for 2020 by way of teleconference, and considered and approved the Resolution in Relation
to the Performance Plan and Target of the Company’s Senior Management for 2020.

3. On December 31, 2020, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the fifth session of the Board held
its third meeting for 2020 by way of on-site meeting, and considered and approved the Resolution on
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary, the
Resolution on the Administration Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai
Futures Co., Ltd., the Resolution on the Administration Measures for the Evaluation on the Implementation
of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. and the Resolution on the
Authorization Granted by the General Meeting to the Board to Deal with Relevant Matters on the Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company. At the meeting, committee member and independent
non-executive Director Chen Zhibin inquired about the method for determining participants and the




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
standards on unlocking evaluation. Senior management of the Company present at the meeting made
corresponding responses and explanations.

Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
the Reporting Period:
Name                                            Attendance in person/ Number of meetings requiring attendance

Chen Chuanming                                                                           3/3

Zhu Xuebo                                                                                3/3

Chen Zhibin                                                                              3/3

Liu Yan                                                                                    -

Note: The fifth session of the Board convened the eleventh meeting on December 31, 2020, and considered and approved the Resolution on the
Adjustment to the Composition of Certain Special Committees under the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company. According to the resolution,
Chen Chuanming, Liu Yan and Chen Zhibin became members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.




                                                                                                                                                203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF SUPERVISORS
          The Supervisory Committee is the Company’s supervisory body and is accountable to the Shareholders’ general
          meetings. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the financial activities and internal control of
          the Company in accordance with the Company Law and the Company’s Articles of Association, and supervising
          the legality and compliance of the performance of duties by the Board of Directors, operating management and
          its members.

          In 2020, the Supervisory Committee of the Company strictly complied with the relevant provisions of the
          Company Law, the Securities Law and the Company’s Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the
          Supervisory Committee and other relevant regulations, to conscientiously perform and independently exercise
          the supervisory powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee. In the spirit of being responsible to all
          shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the Company’s operating activities, financial
          position, major decisions of the Board of Directors and the legality and compliance of the performance of duties
          by operating management. It actively protects the interests of the Company and the shareholders, and escorts
          the healthy and long-term development of the Company.

          (I) Performance of duties by Supervisors

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held 5 meetings. For relevant
          information, please refer to “IV. Meetings of the Supervisory Committee During the Reporting Period” in this
          section.

          During the Reporting Period, all the supervisors of the Company attended the meetings of the Supervisory
          Committee, the Board of Directors, and the Shareholders’ general meetings, the details of which were as follows:

                                                                                                                                            Attendance
                                                                                                                                                 at the
                                            Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                general
                                                                                                                                               meeting

          Name of                                                                                     Whether or not
                             Number of
          Supervisor                                                                                   he/ she failed
                            meetings of                                                                                    Attendance
                                                         Attendance                                     to attend the
                            Supervisory Attendance                        Attendance                                          at Board      Attendance
                                                        in the way of                 Absence              meeting in
                            Committee      in person                         by proxy                                         meeting             times
                                                     teleconference                                   person for two
                               requiring
                                                                                                          successive
                            attendance
                                                                                                                times
          Zhai Jun                      5             4               -               1          -                 No                  4               1

          Zhang Ming                    5              3              -               2          -                 No                  3               1

          Yu Lanying                    5              3              -               2          -                 No                  3               -

          Zhang
                                        5              3              -               2          -                 No                  3               1
          Xiaohong

          Fan Chunyan                   5              2              -               3          -                Yes                  2               -

          Gu
                                        5             5               -               -          -                 No                  5               1
          Chengzhong

          Wang Ying                     5             5               -               -          -                 No                  5               1



          Number of meetings of Supervisory Committee convened during the year                                                          5

          Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                                     5

          number of meetings in the way of teleconference                                                                               -

          number of meetings held on-site and in the way of teleconference                                                              -


          Note: During the Reporting Period, due to business engagement, Ms. Fan Chunyan failed to attend meetings of the Supervisory Committee in person
          for two consecutive times. She has entrusted another supervisor in writing to exercise the voting right on her behalf.




204
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 5 meetings in total in the whole year, at
which 14 proposals and reports were considered. The Supervisors sat in the Board meetings and general
meetings of the Company, monitored the decision-making process on material matters on a real-
time basis, made field inspections on the Company’s branches and kept abreast of the management’s
implementation of the decisions made by the Board through carefully reading the reports of the Company,
including Work Newsletter (monthly) and Brief Report on Audit Work (quarterly). On this basis, the Supervisory
Committee gave independent opinions on the Company’s relevant matters as follows:

1. For the legal operation of the Company: during the Reporting Period, the Company was under legal

                                                                                                                          About Us
operation in compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law, the Securities Law
and the Articles of Association as well as the requirements of the Company’s systems. Major operational
decisions of the Company were reasonable, and the decision-making procedures were lawful. The
Company established a relatively sound internal management system and internal control system, under
which various regulations were effectively implemented. During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory
Committee found no conducts violating laws, regulations, Articles of Association or damaging the interests
of the Company and its shareholders made by Directors and senior management of the Company when
performing their duties. During the Reporting Period, there were no material risks in the Company.


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
2. For the financial aspect: during the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company regularly
convened meetings of the Supervisory Committee to review quarterly reports, interim reports, annual


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
financial reports, annual evaluation reports on internal control and other documents of the Company, and
checked the business and financial conditions of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believed that
the financial report of the Company for 2020 had been audited by KPMG Huazhen LLP which had issued a
standard audit report without qualified opinions. The Company’s financial statements were prepared in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the ASBE, which truly reflected the financial conditions and
operational achievements of the Company. Regular reports were prepared and reviewed in compliance
with relevant laws, regulations and various requirements of the CSRC, the contents of which were true,
accurate and complete to reflect the actual conditions of the Company.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
3. For the implementation of the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
of the Company: during the Reporting Period, the Company revised the System regarding Insider
Registration and Management and Confidentiality of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to consistently improve the
registration and management of insider, and carried out the registration, management, disclosure and filing
of insider information and kept the confidentiality thereof in an orderly manner, and further standardized the
information disclosure work of the Company. There were no incidents found in the Company in violation of
insider registration and management and confidentiality obligation.

4. During the Reporting Period, the related-party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, and
no circumstances impairing interests of the Company and shareholders have been found. When the Board




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
of Directors of the Company considered related matters, independent directors expressed independent
opinions, affiliated directors abstained from voting, and the voting procedures were legal and valid.

5. Approved by the CSRC, the Company completed the issuance of H Shares in 2015. Funds raised from the



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
issuance of H Shares were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP, and KPMG capital verification report (Yan Zi No.
1501031) was issued. According to the Capital Verification Report issued by KPMG Huazhen LLP, the net funds
raised from the issuance of H Shares in 2015 were RMB30,587,689,604.94 (excluding related listing fees), and
raised funds after deducting the underwriting and issuing fees were RMB30,015,054,696.76.

As of the end of Reporting Period, the Company, with respect to its IPO on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
and the issuance of new shares by an overallotment option, used raised funds of: RMB18,352,613,762.96
for capital intermediary business, such as developing securities margin trading, RMB3,058,768,960.49 for
expanding investment and transaction businesses, RMB3,058,768,960.49 for capital increase in Huatai Purple
Gold Investment and Huatai Asset Management, RMB3,658,509,634.22 for expanding overseas business, and
RMB2,537,384,983.29 for daily operation and other general corporate purposes. The planned usage of the




                                                                                                                 205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company’s funds raised from H Share issuance was consistent with that disclosed in the prospectus with
          no change. The funds raised from H Share issuance were used up, and the relevant accounts have been
          cancelled.

          6. Under the Approval for Issuance and Admission of Global Depository Receipts on the London Stock
          Exchange plc by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 1993) (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限
          公司發行全球存託憑證並在倫敦證券交易所上市的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018]1993 號 )) issued by the CSRC, in June
          2019, the Company completed the issuance of 82,515,000 GDRs in total at an offering price of US$20.50
          per GDR, and the total amount of funds raised was US$1,691,557,500.00. After deducting the issuing fees of
          US$39,961,513.72 related to the GDRs, the net funds raised were US$1,651,595,986.28, which was converted
          into RMB11,313,036,931.20 at the central parity of RMB against USD as at the date when the proceeds were
          received. The abovementioned proceeds have been all in place as at June 28, 2019 and have been verified
          by KPMG Huazhen LLP with the KPMG capital verification report (Yan Zi No. 1900393).

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the funds raised from GDR were used as below: RMB3,547,720,085.15
          was used to continuously investing in the Company’s current principal businesses, developing various
          business segments including wealth management, institutional services, investment management, and
          promoting its business transformation and upgrade; RMB1,000,000,000.00 was used to supplementing
          working capital and for general corporate purposes; and USD994,212,858.59 was used for supporting the
          internal and external growth of international business, and expanding overseas strategic layout. Apart from
          the above usages, the surplus of the Company’s proceeds of RMB128,629,875.52 (including interest of raised
          funds, exchange profit or loss and outstanding issuing fees) was not used and was put into the special bank
          account of the Company. The planned usage of the Company’s funds raised from issuance of GDRs was
          consistent with that disclosed in the prospectus without change. The Company plans to arrange the use of
          the remaining funds raised from GDR by the end of 2021.

          7. During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully issued eight tranches of corporate bonds of
          RMB31.5 billion in total; issued four tranches of short-term corporate bonds of RMB16 billion in total; issued
          one tranche of non-publicly offered corporate bonds of RMB10 billion; issued one tranche of subordinated
          bonds of RMB5 billion; issued ten tranches of short-term financing bonds with an accumulative scale of
          RMB42 billion; issued one tranche of USD bonds and one tranche of USD medium-term notes of USD400
          million and USD50 million, respectively. During the Reporting Period, the Company issued 3,716 income
          certificates in total with a scale of RMB87.089 billion. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 859 income
          certificates continued to exist with a scale of RMB20.458 billion. All funds raised were used to supplement the
          Company’s working capital, which was consistent with the content disclosed in the prospectus.

          8. Written reviews and opinions on the annual report of the Company for 2020 prepared by the Board of
          Directors were as follows:

          The annual report of the Company for 2020 was prepared and reviewed in compliance with the relevant
          laws, regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities, the contents of which were true, accurate and
          complete and could reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

          9. The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the Assessment Report on Internal Control of the
          Company for 2020, and had no objections to the contents therein.




206
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
VIII. RISKS FOUND BY THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company had no objections towards the
matters under supervision during the Reporting Period.



IX. INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY FROM THE CONTROLLING
SHAREHOLDERS IN TERMS OF BUSINESS, STAFF, ASSETS, ORGANIZATION
AND FINANCE
                                                                                                                           About Us
The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders.
Since its inception, the Company has been operating in strict compliance with relevant laws and
regulations including the Company Law and the Securities Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of
Association. The Company is completely separated from its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets,
organization and finance, owns a complete business system and is capable of operating independently in
the market.

1. Information about the independence of business

In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company                     Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent
and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.

2. Information about the independence of the staff




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
The Company set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
The Directors, Supervisors, and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in
compliance with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, and the Measures for
the Supervision and Administration of the Professional Qualifications of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management of Securities Firms and the Articles of Association. The current Directors, Supervisors and senior
management of the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the
Company held no positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its
control. The Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system
for all staff, and enters into Labor Contract with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company owns



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
independent rights for labor employment and its staff is independent from the shareholders and enterprises
under their control without any interference from the shareholders.

3. Information about the integrity of the assets


                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
The Company owns main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating equipment
required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or other guarantees,
and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are independent from its
largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided
no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its assets or reputation
as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there had been no
circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest shareholder’s
occupation of any of its assets and funds.




                                                                                                                  207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Information about organizational independence

          In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
          Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, under which the general meeting, the
          Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the management and relevant operating management
          departments have been formed. The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee
          and the management are in good operation and exercise their respective functions and powers pursuant
          to the law. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business operation
          and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in compliance
          with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company are totally
          separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or their direct
          intervention in the Company’s business activities.

          5. Information about financial independence

          As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
          Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set
          up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief
          financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company
          has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in
          accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
          and related parties.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other
          related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
          party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
          mergers and acquisitions.



          X. APPRAISAL MECHANISM FOR THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND THE
          ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INCENTIVE MECHANISM
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted appraisal of its senior management under the
          principle of goal-sharing, comprehensively targeting the market, and paying equal attention to incentives
          and constraints. The Board and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are responsible for the
          appraisal of senior management on a yearly basis. The performance indicators are related not only to
          the annual operating goals set by the Board, but also to the emphasis and difficulties of relevant work in
          charge, including operating performance assessment, compliance assessment and comprehensive quality
          assessment.



          XI. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND THE
          ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM
          (I) Statement of the Board

          As required by the internal control standard system of the Company, the Company has strengthened
          and refined its corporate governance structure, compliance and risk control system and internal control
          management system. A corporate governance structure with checks and balances has been formed,
          which features the separation among the Shareholders’ general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory
          Committee and senior management. Under such structure, all operating management members perform
          their functions and duties within respective responsibilities and authorization, ensuring the prudent and
          standardized operation of the Company. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general




208
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
meetings in strict accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings
and other relevant provisions to strictly perform its obligations of information disclosure, protect the right
to know of all shareholders, and thus to ensure the standard and transparent operation of Shareholders’
general meetings. Meanwhile, the Company also strictly regulated its relationships with shareholders, de
facto controllers and related parties to ensure its operational independence.

The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of
the financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and
to promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal


                                                                                                                             About Us
control, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate
the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.

(II) Structure of the internal control system

The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management
Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company
established internal control construction and a continuous optimization leading group to comprehensively
lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the improvement of the

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department, Planning and Finance
Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal control management
departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments to fully cooperate
with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify defects in
internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department shall be
responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal audit and
assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(III) Construction and improvement of the internal control system

The Company strictly follows the Company Law of the PRC, Securities Law of the PRC, Guidelines for Internal
Control of Securities Firms, Regulation on Supervision and Administration of Securities Firms, Basic Internal
Control Norms for Enterprises, Implementation Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control and other laws
and regulations, and improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system and
internal control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods,
constantly enhances its ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to
ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes
clear the internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities and sets up internal control




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
construction and a continuous optimization leading group to supervise and promote the internal control
construction of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff
are involved in internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision
to feedback. During the assessment period, the Company timely revised the relevant systems regarding



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
corporate governance such as the Articles of Association of the Company and the Investor Relations
Management System, and continued to improve foundational management, and had formulated and
revised the management systems including the Basic System for Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism
Financing, the Unified Management System for Bad Credit Behavior of Customers, the Measures for
Procurement Management and the Management Measures for Compliance of Subsidiaries. In order to guide
the development of new businesses and ensure the stable operation of new businesses, the Company
timely revised the Measures for Assessment and Management of New Business Risks, and formulated and
revised the business management systems such as the Guidelines on the Classification and Evaluation
Standards of Investment Portfolio Strategy for Fund Investment Advisory Business (《基金投顧業務投資組合策
略分類與評價標準指引》), the Management Measures for Proprietary Foreign Exchange Business (《外匯自營業
務管理辦法》) and the Management Measures for H-Share “Full Circulation” Brokerage Business (《H 股 “ 全流




                                                                                                                    209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          通 ” 經紀業務管理辦法》). The Company carried out a comprehensive review and update of the system based
          on business development, so as to ensure that the system and procedures comply with the principles of
          comprehensiveness, prudence, effectiveness, timeliness and the like, so as to avoid blank or loopholes in
          the system and procedures. Starting from prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution
          of risks, the Company established risk matrixes for all businesses and develops clear control measures to
          check the effectiveness of control measures with regular assessment.

          (IV) Operation of the internal control system

          With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives,
          the Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system and promoted the
          comprehensive digital transformation to build its core competitiveness of platform-based, systematic, and
          digitized operations. The Company regularly or irregularly carried out a review and update of the system
          based on business development, to ensure that the system and procedures comply with the principles of
          comprehensiveness, prudence, effectiveness, timeliness and the like, so as to avoid blank or loopholes in the
          system and procedures. The Company strengthened its risk review, assessment, management and control
          in key businesses and fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable. It deepened
          the establishment of the business continuity management mechanism and improved the systems of
          emergency proposals; and actively conducted communications and trainings to strengthen the internal
          control culture publicity. Starting from prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution of
          risks, the Company established a multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism, including regular and
          irregular self-assessment on the effectiveness of internal control, the evaluation on the effectiveness of
          internal control by the internal audit departments and the independent evaluation by the external auditors
          to consistently deepen the analysis on remaining high risk points and control defects and the rectification
          and tracking on internal control defects and improve the effectiveness of the design and effectiveness of
          control measures.

          (V) Basis for the assessment of internal control

          The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
          standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
          Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No.21 –
          General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規則第
          21 號－年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC, the Guidelines of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
          for Internal Control of Listed Companies (《上海證券交易所上市公司內部控制指引》) issued by the Shanghai
          Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations and regulatory rules.

          (VI) Internal control defect and its identification

          According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
          stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
          factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
          financial report internal control from non-financial report internal control and determined the internal
          control defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent
          with those of the previous years.

          A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
          to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or
          more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
          but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
          other than material defects and significant defects.

          (VII) The Company’s internal control effectiveness assessment

          According to the Basic Norms of Internal Control and its provisions in its supporting guidelines and
          other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s internal control system and




210
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control effectiveness on December 31,
2020 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily supervision and specialized
supervision of internal control, and has issued the Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2020.

The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s internal control
include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, internal
supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and approval control,
accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis control and
performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High risk areas we focused on include:
current business and basic function management, namely wealth management business, bond financing


                                                                                                                                About Us
business, fixed income business, securities investment business, financial innovation business, margin
financing and securities lending business, research and consulting business, network finance business,
financial products business, asset cus tody bus iness, f utures business, as set management business,
investment banking business, information technology, operation management, financial management,
compliance legal affairs, related-party transactions, subsidiary management and other fields, as well as the
liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information technology risk, compliance
risk, legal risk and integrity risk that have significant impact on the Company’s operation and management.

According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base



                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report
internal control. The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report
internal control in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and


                                                                                                                              and Strategies
requirements in relevant regulations.

According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in non-financial
report internal control.

(VIII) Work plan for internal control in 2021




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
In 2021, the Company will continuously promote internal control self-assessment and optimize work
scheme and supervise the implementation. The key contents include: facilitating the “two-wheel drive”
strategy of wealth management business and institutional business with enhancing full-process and digital
management and control as drivers; focusing on important businesses and key fields, optimizing the internal
control management system and promoting the establishment of the best management and control
standards on fields with common risks; improving the process control and the ability to identify reverse
risks and enhancing the insurmountability of management and control; boosting the automation of control
measures and the identification and evaluation of risk points and advancing digital business process and
operation management; and deepening the establishment of internal control and management culture
and intensifying training and publicity.




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
XII. DISCLOSURE OF SELF-EVALUATION REPORT OF INTERNAL
CONTROL

When disclosing the annual report for 2020, the Company will also disclose the Annual Internal Control                       Documents for Inspection
Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020 at the same time, which will be published on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com. cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (www.
hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.com.cn) on March 24, 2021.

During the Reporting Period, there were no major defects in the Company’s internal control.




                                                                                                                       211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XIII. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING
          REPORT

          KPMG Huazhen LLP engaged by the Company conducted an audit on the internal control of the Company,
          and issued an internal control auditing report without qualified opinions. When disclosing the annual report
          for 2020, the Company will also disclose the Internal Control Auditing Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. at
          the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn),
          the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.com.
          cn) on March 24, 2021.

          Whether to disclose the internal control auditing report: Yes

          Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion



          XIV. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
          THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
          THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD

          The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws and
          regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the Reporting
          Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the Company
          further established a sound compliance management system, improved the organizational structure for
          compliance management, and continued to strengthen the compliance management of the Company to
          keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

          (I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

          Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
          compliance management and the relevant systems based on the changes of the market environment
          and regulatory requirements and the development needs of business. According to the Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
          Companies (hereinafter referred to as the “Measures”) issued by the CSRC in 2017, the Company further
          clarified the compliance duties of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee, senior management, chief
          compliance officer, and responsible persons of all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels
          (hereinafter referred to collectively as “all subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic
          compliance management system. The current compliance organizational system comprehensively reflects
          the basic requirements of the Measures for “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from
          the senior management”, and a resultant force situation of sound compliance management organizational
          structure, clear positioning of responsibilities at all levels and full compliance is basically created.

          The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
          which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the
          compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management
          of the Company; the Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
          responsible for overseeing the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within
          a reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
          and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
          are controllable and bearable; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the compliance
          management and the performance of compliance management duties by Directors and senior
          management; the senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance management,




212
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible for the whole
company’s compliance management; responsible persons of all subordinate units are responsible for their
units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations; all the staff of the Company are responsible for
the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range of their operational
activities.

The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.                                                     About Us
The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department to assist the chief compliance officer in
performing specific compliance management duties, mainly including: establishment of the compliance
management system of the Company; compliance training, inspection and guidance; assessment
and unified disposal of compliance risks; compliance review and compliance reports; cooperation with
external compliance supervision and management institutions; anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall;
establishment of the legal system of the Company; review of legal documents; handling of legal affairs;



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
assessment of and consultation on legal risks.

All departments and branches of the Company have their own compliance officers. A compliance officer



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
is mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, performing
such duties as carrying out timely and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on the
implementation of compliance policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible for
the unit’s communication and exchange of information with the Legal Compliance Department and other
compliance management work in his/her own department. During the Reporting Period, the Company
further optimized the compliance management mode of its branches, deepened the vertical management
of the branches’ compliance management teams, strengthened the compliance risk management work of
the branches, ensured the branches’ compliance teams to perform their duties independently, and strived




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
to prevent compliance risks of front-line businesses from the source.

The Company issued the management measures for compliance of subsidiaries, which made detailed
arrangements for basic principles, organizational structure and working mechanism of compliance
management of the subsidiaries, and established a sound compliance management system appropriate
to the group strategy on the basis of ensuring the independence of the subsidiaries’ legal representatives.
Meanwhile, the Company established a special compliance management information reporting
mechanism, and all subsidiaries shall report on the operation of compliance management quarterly and
report on any major risk or abnormal situation timely after the event so that the Company can grasp
the compliance risk management and control of its subsidiaries timely; the Company established a
mechanism for regular meetings between compliance chiefs of the parent company and subsidiaries




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
to call together compliance chiefs of the subsidiaries to hold regular meetings quarterly and unblock the
communication mechanism between the Group’s compliance chiefs and the Compliance Department, and
built an important platform of notifying the Group’s compliance risk events, sharing supervision information,




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
exchanging key and difficult points of the compliance management work and forming a resultant force
for compliance management; and the Company improved the compliance conversation system and
mechanism to strengthen the audit and filing of important compliance systems of subsidiaries, and carried
out special compliance inspection on relevant subsidiaries to implement the compliance management
mechanism of subsidiaries.

(II) Compliance System Building of the Company

The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance
management systems, including the Compliance Management System (2017 Revision), Measures for
the Compliance Management of Subsidiaries (2020 Revision), Daily Working Measures for Compliance
Management (2020 Revision), Measures for Management of Compliance Management Personnel (2020




                                                                                                                213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Revision) and Measures for the Implementation of Compliance Accountability. Besides, during the Reporting
          Period, the Company formulated systems including the Guidelines for Anti-Money Laundering Emergency
          Work (《反洗錢應急工作指引》), the Measures for the Management of Judicial Assistance and the Measures
          for the Management of Corporate Lawyers; and amended a number of systems such as the Basic System
          for Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing, the Measures for the Administration of Reporting
          on High Value Transactions and Suspicious Transactions, the Administrative Measures for Risk Assessment
          Relating to Money Laundering of Clients and the Guidelines on Anti-Money Laundering Confidentiality and
          Information Sharing (《 反 洗 錢 保 密 及 信 息 共 享 工 作 指 引 》), with an aim to further improve the compliance
          system construction.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has established the following basic compliance
          management systems: Compliance Management System (Revision), Measures for the Compliance
          Management of Subsidiaries (Revision), Daily Working Measures for Compliance Management (Revision),
          Measures for Management of Compliance Management Personnel (Revision), Measures for the
          Implementation of Compliance Accountability, Measures for Assessment of the Effectiveness of Compliance
          Management, Staff Compliance Manual, Regulations on the Management of Securities Investment by
          Working Staff, Regulations on the Management of Chinese Wall (Revision), the Basic System for Anti-Money
          Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing (Revision), Anti-Money Laundering Confidentiality System (Revision)
          and System for Internal Audit of Anti-Money Laundering (Revision).

          (III) Implementation of the Compliance Management Mechanism

          Since the full implementation of the compliance management system, the Company saw continuous
          improvement of its compliance management work, and continued to benefit from observance with the
          philosophy of “Creating Value through Compliance Management” and saw significant improvement in the
          standardization of operations. During the Reporting Period, the Company deepened the effective integration
          of business and compliance, and focused on key business links to build an embedded compliance
          management and control mechanism with penetration and coverage. The Compliance Department
          provided all departments and branches with comprehensive compliance consultation, put forward
          recommendations on common issues in time and monitored and gave guidance over the rectification and
          improvement of relevant systems and procedures by relevant departments; carried out compliance review
          comprehensively, clarified the front-line compliance review responsibilities, focused on the application of
          the compliance management requirements to each link of business, and strengthened cross-examination
          in order to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of compliance review; further reinforced routine
          compliance examination, conducted special compliance examination in line with business innovations
          and regulatory focus, in order to screen potential risks, identify compliance issues in time and supervise the
          standard rectification; submitted compliance reports to the regulatory institution in time and submitted
          temporary reports as needed; carried out the special compliance assessment and accountability on all
          subordinate units according to the compliance assessment and accountability system, which improved
          the authority and effectiveness of the compliance management work and provided important guarantee
          for the effective implementation of the compliance management system; held more activities such as
          advanced compliance training of “Business • Compliance • Integration”, a series of publicity of “Compliance
          with You”, learning and publicity of the new securities law, special law education on duty crime prevention,
          “Legal Tai” (Legal 泰 ) 12·4 law publicity week in more depth to cover more staff, so as to effectively equip the
          business staff with an acuter sense of regulatory requirements and compliance; completed the second-
          phase functional development of the compliance performance platform, and launched a new generation
          of anti-money laundering system and the new system of Chinese wall to promote the construction of digital
          compliance.

          (IV) Information about Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department
          during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the inspections carried out by the Company’s Compliance Department
          included special on-site inspections of the offices of some branches and special compliance inspections
          on relevant businesses. In addition, the Company’s Compliance Department conducted compliance




214
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
inspections on certain subsidiaries. Through the compliance inspections, the Company’s Compliance
Department took the pulse of key links of its business and screened potential compliance risks and issues,
and promoted relevant units to fully implement compliance requirements and standardize their business
management by harnessing some technologies in their business procedures.

(V) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department deeply implemented the deployment for
technology enabling “two-pronged” strategy and the requirements on the prevention of the COVID-19
pandemic and proactively explored the thread and technical methods for big data audit. On the basis


                                                                                                                          About Us
of serving the wealth management transformation and the development of institutional businesses, the
Company transformed the work ideas, upgraded the inspection means and improved the working methods.
It intensified measures on the audit work with the orientation of risks and strived to overcome the effects of
the pandemic. The Company effectively carried out inspections and evaluation on the establishment and
implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each department and subsidiary, and each branch
and securities business department of the Company, the legality and compliance of business operation,
operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering and innovative business, as well as the
accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting calculation, evaluated the risks on business
and operation and revealed the weaknesses and defects in operation management.


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Based on the annual operational targets of the Company and following the requirements of the Internal
Audit Standards issued by the China Institute of Internal Audit, the Audit Department enhanced the audit

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
efficiency and completed the target tasks under the annual audit plan on time with the required quality
and quantity through the appropriate allocation of audit resources and the optimization of audit means.
During the Reporting Period, it completed 175 audit items in total, including 4 audits for departure of vice
president, chief financial officer, chief compliance office and other senior management of the Company;
regular auditing for 13 business and management departments such as the research institute, securities
investment department, fixed income department, debt financing department, sales and trading
department, network finance department, securities margin trading department, financial innovation




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
department, capital management department, central trading room, wealth management department,
financial product department and asset custody department; regular auditing and auditing for departure
of chairmen for 8 subsidiaries such as Jiangsu Equity Exchange, Huatai Futures, Huatai United Securities,
Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Innovative Investment, Huatai Purple Gold Investment and Huatai
International; auditing for the departure and mandatory leave of general managers of 10 branches in Anhui,
Fujian, Guangdong, Henan, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Xuzhou, Huai’an, Tianjin and the Northwest; auditing for
the departure and mandatory leave of general managers of 129 securities branches in Shuixian Avenue,
Zhangzhou, Gongyuan Road, Zhijiang, Liangqing Road, Wuxi, Changjiang Road, Nanjing, Yonghe Temple,
Beijing, Middle Beijing Road, Jingzhou, North Chaoyang Road, Shiyan, West 16th Street, Harbin, Zhongtai Road,
Nanning, Changjiang Road, Haimen and Jiangning Road, Putuo District, Shanghai; 10 special audits including
assessment report on the effectiveness of corporate compliance management, corporate internal control



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
evaluation, effectiveness evaluation of the dynamic monitoring system for corporate risk control indicators,
evaluation of corporate anti-money laundering, specific compliance of branches in Xiamen, significant
corporate information security incidents, specific securities investment and funds custody and service




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
business, specific funds sales business, specific related-party transactions and operation and maintenance
management work on corporate information systems; rectification and tracking of problems discovered
in 1 audit item; audit reports have been issued for 175 audit items; 547 audit opinions and suggestions were
put forward and 465 problems were rectified, with a rectification completion rate of 85.01%; 624 problems
discovered in the previous auditing were tracked and 563 problems were rectified, with a rectification
completion rate of 90.22%; according to the Implementing Rules for Penalties of Illegal Behaviors Discovered
in Audit of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were made on penalties for 104 person-times in 102 units
and the penalty amounted to RMB162,000. All units under auditing actively coordinated in the auditing
process and the audit opinions and suggestions were recognized by units under auditing and their
responsible persons.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company firmly focused on the strategic




                                                                                                                 215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          deployment on the full-service business chain. With risk control as orientation, the department intensified
          audit measures, set up strict audit processes, emphasized audit quality, specified audit standards,
          standardized inspections and established the working model on audit based on the requirements on
          epidemic prevention to advance the audit work in an orderly manner. Based on the annual audit targets
          and tasks, the department coordinated and advanced the audit work, strengthened internal and external
          communications on various levels and reasonably arranged project personnel to ensure the submission
          of the audit report on time. It actively adopted big data technology in off-site data analysis and effectively
          organized and conducted off-site audit with the full use of IT-based means. Meanwhile, based on the actual
          situation of off-site business for clients during the epidemic, the department provided professional guideline
          and suggestions on compliance operation to various business management departments. To support the
          business innovation of business departments, it incorporated audit services into audit supervision, discussed
          on regulatory difficulties and sore risk points with different departments through on-site audits and off-
          site communications and deepened business communications with the units under auditing and relevant
          management departments of the headquarters. While proposing issues, it also provided reasonable
          solutions on preventing risks to promote information communications, coordinate horizontal management
          and create a working atmosphere of “emphasizing, respecting, recognizing and actively accepting audit”.

          The Audit Department of the Company attached great importance to the supervision and inspection
          on the implementation of rectifications for problems identified in audit. Following the principle of “study,
          rectification and use after auditing”, it solidly advanced the rectification of problems, set the list of problems,
          implemented the rectification and feedback mechanism on audit and carried out the rectification and
          supervision on audit opinions to ensure that all problems are solved, all rectifications are implemented and
          the closed-loop management on audit rectification is completed. Meanwhile, it revised the Implementing
          Rules of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for Penalties of Illegal Behaviors Identified in Audit and intensified the
          punishment on frequent problems to promote audit rectification through accountability.

          With the increase of the business data of the Company and the innovation and integration of business
          and technology, it is evitable to innovate audit technology and methodology and carry out big data
          audit. Relying on the audit management platform, the Audit Department of the Company practiced the
          application of data and intelligent audit and completed the establishment of the process platform, the
          intelligent arrangement of projects, the collection and updating of data, the improvement of sample
          factors and other functional upgrading, which significantly improved the efficiency of the audit work and
          contributed to the innovative development and the improvement of the self-restraint mechanism of the
          Company.




          XV. OTHER INFORMATION

          (I) Company Secretary

          Pursuant to Rule 3.28 and Rule 8.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company must appoint an individual
          as its company secretary who, by virtue of his/her academic or professional qualifications or relevant
          experience, is, in the opinion of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, capable of discharging the duties of a
          company secretary.

          Currently, Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne serve as the joint company secretaries of the
          Company. During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries of the Company discharged their
          duties in earnest, and ensured the smooth convening of various meetings of the Board; and promoted
          effective communications among members of the Board, and among the Directors, shareholders and
          management of the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, pursuant to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, both Mr. Zhang Hui and
          Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne had taken no less than 15 hours of professional training to update their skills and
          knowledge. The primary contact person for Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.




216
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts

The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report for the
year ended December 31, 2020.

The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to

                                                                                                                           About Us
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
Board meetings.

To the knowledge of all Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations.
In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities
which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
For the purposes of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
director (whose names and functions are listed on page 186), to the best of his or her knowledge, confirm


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
the following two points:

(1) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards, give
a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

(2) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above
(on pages 247 to 386) and the independent auditor’s report thereon (on pages 238 to 246)) includes a fair
review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company and the




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks
and uncertainties that they face.

(III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors and Supervisors

During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had abided by the relevant
provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations as well as Articles of Association, and performed their
duties and obligations honestly and diligently.

All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently in
compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings and various meetings of special committees in




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
accordance with relevant provisions, considered each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions
on significant strategic decisions and plans, important investment and financing projects, business
innovations, related-party transactions, compliance management and internal control, system construction,




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
appointment of senior management, performance assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social
responsibilities of the Company, and acted as professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured
those material decisions to be scientific and standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative
development of the Company, and preserved the interests of the shareholders practically.

All the Supervisors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
in compliance with laws. They have attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance
with relevant provisions, attended the Board meetings, considered each proposal carefully, supervised
and inspected the legality of operation, material decisions and important business activities as well as
the financial position of the Company, actively protected the legal interests of the Company and its
shareholders, promoted the legal operation and standardized management, and ensured the sound
development of the Company.




                                                                                                                  217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the
          “Performance of Duties of Directors” and “Performance of Duties of Supervisors” under this section in this
          report.

          (IV) Communication with Shareholders

          The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
          shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
          holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
          Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
          in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.

          The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
          out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable
          needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
          Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance
          with the standards, systems and procedures. Meanwhile, the Company has formed good interaction and
          communication with the investors by actively using various channels such as existing investor service
          hotlines, a special column for investor relations at the Company’s website and reception of on-site
          researchers.

          The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages
          shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
          about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
          interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 84 and Article 89 of the
          Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEXnews
          website of the HKEX and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the Board of Directors
          to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2020.

          (V) Investor Relations

          1. Amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company

          During the Reporting Period, to further improve corporate governance, the Company amended the Articles
          of Association in accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公
          司法》), the Reply of the State Council on the Adjustment of the Provisions Applicable to the Notice Period of
          Convening General Meetings of Shareholders and Other Matters Applicable to the Companies Listed Abroad
          (《國務院關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東大會通知期限等事項規定的批覆》), Code of Corporate Governance
          for Listed Companies (《上市公司治理準則》), Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies (《上
          市公司章程指引》), Provisions on the Administration of Equities of Securities Companies (《證券公司股權管理規
          定》), Provisions on Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Provisions on the Administration of Equities
          of Securities Companies (《關於實施 < 證券公司股權管理規定 > 有關問題的規定》), Rules Governing the Listing of
          Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所股票上市規則》) and other relevant laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents and in light of the Company’s actual condition. According to the resolution at
          the general meeting of the Company in 2019 and the authorization granted in the resolution in regard to
          the amendment to the Articles of Association, the Company completed the industrial and commercial
          registration of changes and filing with Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau for the amendments to its
          Articles of Association during the Reporting Period.

          2. Investor relations management

          The investor relations management is one of the most important tasks on the normative development and
          legitimate operation of the Company and is highly valued by the Board of the Company. The Company
          planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage investor relations with a strong sense of
          responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the Company, keeping in contact with regulatory
          authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news media and so on.




218
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column on
the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive E-platform on the website
of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 21 times of onsite investigations and surveys
or telephone interviews from approximately 76 researchers and investment professionals such as securities
companies and funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year. The Company also carried out
daily consultation work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile, to assist
the issuance of the periodic reports, the Company held 2 presentations for operating performance and 1
online briefing on performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held by
domestic or foreign securities institutions. It attended 12 strategy seminars and investment forums during the
Reporting Period and maintained full communications with investors and researchers on issues such as the

                                                                                                                          About Us
development trend of the industry, operational results of the Company as well as its business development
strategy, which effectively promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business condition
and result performance of the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of the
Company, and effectively guided market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing
various questions proposed by institutional investors and researchers to improve the professionalism,
normalization and the quality of investor relations management of the Company.




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications, and interviews in the full year of
          2020:


                                                                                                        Major topics
                                                                                                        discussed and
                Date of         Place of       Way of                                                   information
          No.   reception       reception      reception   Guests                                       provided

                                                           Bank of China Investment Management,
                January 15,     Shanghai       On-site     Fullgoal Fund, Galaxy AMC, China
          1
                2020            Office         interview   International Fund, Industrial Securities,
                                                           etc. (6 person-times)

                February 6,     Hong Kong      Telephone   Wellington Management (1 person-
          2
                2020            Office         interview   time)

                                Hong Kong      Telephone
          3     April 3, 2020                              Schroders Group (5 person-times)
                                Office         interview

                                Hong Kong      Telephone
          4     April 3, 2020                              BlackRock, Inc. (1 person-time)
                                Office         interview

                April 21,       Hong Kong      Telephone   M&G Asset Management (2 person-
          5
                2020            Office         interview   times)

                                Hong Kong      Telephone   Qianxi Asset Management ( 千禧資管 )(2
          6     May 21, 2020
                                Office         interview   person-times)                        Business
                                                                                                development,
                May 29,         Hong Kong      Telephone
          7                                                Morgan Stanley (1 person-time)       innovative
                2020            Office         interview
                                                                                                business
                June 4,         Hong Kong      Telephone   Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of development
          8
                2020            Office         interview   China, Ltd. (3 person-times)         of the
                                                                                                Company and
                                Hong Kong      Telephone
          9     July 3, 2020                               Schroders Group (2 person-times)     the long-term
                                Office         interview                                        development

                                                           CMB Wealth Management( 招銀理財 )        strategy of the
                                Hong Kong      Telephone
          10    July 3, 2020                                                                    Company, etc.
                                Office         interview   (1 person-time)

                                The
                September       headquarters   On-site
          11                                               Rosefinch Fund (1 person-time)
                24, 2020        of the         interview
                                Company

                September       Hong Kong      On-site
          12                                               Value Partners Group (2 person-times)
                25, 2020        Office         interview

                September       Hong Kong      Telephone   Neuberger Berman Group (1 person-
          13
                28, 2020        Office         interview   time)

                October 21,     Hong Kong      On-site
          14                                               Turiya Capital (2 person-times)
                2020            Office         interview

                                                           China AMC, Orient Fund, Xingyin Fund,
                October 22,     Hong Kong      Telephone
          15                                               China International Fund, etc. (16
                2020            Office         interview
                                                           person-times)




220
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                    Major topics
                                                                                    discussed and
      Date of     Place of       Way of                                             information
No.   reception   reception      reception   Guests                                 provided

                  The
                                             GF Securities, China Merchants Fund,
      November    headquarters   On-site
16                                           E Fund, China Universal, Shenwan
      5, 2020     of the         interview
                                             Hongyuan, etc. (22 person-times)
                  Company
                                                                                    Business

                                                                                                               About Us
                  The
                                                                                    development,
      November    headquarters   On-site
17                                           Rosefinch Fund (1 person-time)         innovative
      6, 2020     of the         interview
                                                                                    business
                  Company
                                                                                    development
      November    Hong Kong      Telephone                                          of the
18                                           Ninety One UK (1 person-time)
      11, 2020    Office         interview                                          Company and
                                                                                    the long-term
      November    Hong Kong      Telephone   Qianxi Asset Management ( 千禧資管 )       development
19
      12, 2020    Office         interview   (2 person-times)

                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                                    strategy of the
                                                                                    Company, etc.
      November    Hong Kong      Telephone   Wellington Management (2 person-
20


                                                                                                             and Strategies
      13, 2020    Office         interview   times)

      December    Hong Kong      Telephone
21                                           Schroders Group (2 person-times)
      2, 2020     Office         interview




                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                      221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Company’s participation in strategy seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas
          securities institutions in the full year of 2020 is as follows:
                                                                                                        Major topics
                                                                                                        discussed and
                Date of                     Way of                                                      information
          No.   reception      Meeting name reception      Guests                                       provided

                                                           Goldman Sachs Asset Management,
                January 14-                    On-site
          1                    UBS GCC 2020                BlackRock, Inc., Schroders Group, Fidelity
                15, 2020                       interview
                                                           Funds, etc. (33 person-times)

                               Haitong
                               Securities 2020
                                                           Xingyin Fund, China AMC, CITIC-
                               Spring Listed
                                               Telephone   Prudential Fund, China Merchants Fund,
          2     May 6, 2020    Companies
                                               interview   Haitong Securities, etc. (75 person-
                               Online
                                                           times)
                               Exchange
                               Conference

                               BOC
                               International
                               (China) 2020
                                               Telephone   Lombarda China Fund, BOCI (China),
          3     May 8, 2020    Summer
                                               interview   PICC Pension, etc. (4 person-times)
                               Online
                               Exchange
                               Conference
                                                                                                    Business
                               Shenwan                                                              highlights,
                               Hongyuan
                                                           CICC Fund, Fullgoal Fund, AEGON- operations
                June 4,        Securities     Telephone
          4                                                INDUSTRIAL Fund, Yinhua Fund, Springs and financial
                2020           2020 Summer interview
                                                           Capital, etc. (62 person-times)          performance,
                               Capital Market                                                       and long-
                               Conference                                                           term strategic
                                                                                                    planning of the
                               CITIC
                                                           CCB Principal Asset Management, Company
                June 9,        Securities 2020 Telephone
          5                                                Baoying Fund, Rosefinch Investment,
                2020           Capital Market interview
                                                           CITIC Securities, etc. (16 person-times)
                               Forum

                               J.P. Morgan                 Southern Asset Management, Fidelity
                June 24,       2020 China      Telephone   Funds, Temasek Holdings, Sumitomo
          6
                2020           Investment      interview   Mitsui DS Asset Management, etc. (15
                               Conference                  person-times)

                               UBS Greater
                               China Finance               UBS Wealth Management, Cathay Life,
                                               Telephone
          7     July 9, 2020   and Fintech                 Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management,
                                               interview
                               Industry                    etc. (15 person-times)
                               Seminar

                              China
                              Securities                   New China Fund, First Seafront Fund,
                                             Telephone
          8     July 10, 2020 2020 Summer                  Fullgoal Fund, China Securities, etc. (32
                                             interview
                              Capital Market               person-times)
                              Summit




222
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                           Major topics
                                                                                           discussed and
      Date of                   Way of                                                     information
No.   reception    Meeting name reception         Guests                                   provided

                   The 27th
                   Session
                                                  BlackRock, Inc., ABU DHABI INVESTMENT
      September    of CITIC       Telephone
9                                                 AUTHORITY, Onlink Holdings, etc. (14
      10, 2020     Securities-    interview
                                                  person-times)
                   CLSA Flagship

                                                                                                                       About Us
                   Investor Forum
                                                                                       Business
                   Goldman                                                             highlights,
                   Sachs
      November                      Telephone     Principal Global Investors, Altazero operations
10                 2020 China
      4, 2020                       interview     Capital, etc. (9 person-times)       and financial
                   Investment                                                          performance,
                   Forum                                                               and long-
                                                                                       term strategic
                   Citicorp
                                                  Alliance Asia ( 安聯亞洲 ), UBS Wealth   planning of the

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
      November     2020 China       Telephone
11                                                Management, AB Asset Management      Company
      5, 2020      Investment       interview
                                                  ( 聯博資產管理 ), etc. (11 person-times)
                   Summit

                   CITIC                                                                                             and Strategies
      November     Securities 2021 Telephone      Caitong Fund, Industrial Trust, CITIC
12
      18, 2020     Capital Market interview       Securities, etc. (9 person-times)
                   Forum




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
(VI) Independence of the Auditor

According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),
who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer
to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in the
statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation of
Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule C.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code and
Corporate Governance Report as set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee
should review and monitor the independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity
of the auditing process in accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
continued to engage KPMG Huazhen LLP as the auditors of A Shares and KPMG as the auditors of H Shares.
The Audit Committee had carried out necessary review and supervision to ensure the independence
between the firms and the Company.




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Corporate Bonds




          I. BASIC INFORMATION ON CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                          Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                   Interest Principal and
                                                                                                   rate     interest payment Place for
          Name of Bond             Abbreviation Code        Issue date   Expiration date Balance   (%)      method           trading

                                                                                                             Principal to
          2013 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                             be paid upon        Shanghai
          of Huatai Securities 13 Huatai
                                                122262.SH   2013-06-05   2023-06-05     60.00      5.10      expiration and      Stock
          Co., Ltd. (Ten-year  02
                                                                                                             interest to be      Exchange
          bonds)
                                                                                                             paid annually

                                                                                                             Principal to
          2016 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                             be paid upon        Shanghai
          of Huatai Securities      16 Huatai
                                                136852.SH   2016-12-06   2021-12-06     25.00      3.78      expiration and      Stock
          Co., Ltd. (First tranche) G2
                                                                                                             interest to be      Exchange
          (Type II)
                                                                                                             paid annually

                                                                                                             Principal to
          2016 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                             be paid upon        Shanghai
          of Huatai Securities 16 Huatai
                                                136874.SH   2016-12-14   2021-12-14     30.00      3.97      expiration and      Stock
          Co., Ltd. (Second    G4
                                                                                                             interest to be      Exchange
          tranche) (Type II)
                                                                                                             paid annually

          2018 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
          of Huatai Securities                                                                               be paid upon        Shanghai
                                    18 Huatai
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued             155047.SH   2018-11-26   2021-11-26     30.00      3.88      expiration and      Stock
                                    G1
          to Qualified Investors                                                                             interest to be      Exchange
          (First tranche) (Type I)                                                                           paid annually

          2018 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                             Principal to
          of Huatai Securities
                                                                                                             be paid upon        Shanghai
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued 18 Huatai
                                                155048.SH   2018-11-26   2023-11-26     10.00      4.17      expiration and      Stock
          to Qualified Investors G2
                                                                                                             interest to be      Exchange
          (First tranche) (Type
                                                                                                             paid annually
          II)




224
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                           Interest Principal and
                                                                                           rate     interest payment Place for
Name of Bond                Abbreviation Code       Issue date   Expiration date Balance   (%)      method           trading

2019 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
of Huatai Securities                                                                               be paid upon      Shanghai
                          19 Huatai
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued               155240.SH   2019-03-19   2022-03-19     70.00      3.68    expiration and    Stock
                          G1
to Qualified Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
(First tranche) (Type I)                                                                           paid annually

2019 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities
                                                                                                   be paid upon      Shanghai
Co., Ltd. Publicly   19 Huatai

                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                        155358.SH   2019-04-22   2022-04-22     50.00      3.80    expiration and    Stock
Issued to Qualified  G3
                                                                                                   interest to be    Exchange
Investors (Second
                                                                                                   paid annually
tranche) (Type I)

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
of Huatai Securities                                                                               be paid upon      Shanghai
                          20 Huatai
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued               163353.SH   2020-03-26 2023-03-26       80.00      2.99    expiration and    Stock
                          G1
to Qualified Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
(First tranche)                                                                                    paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
of Huatai Securities                                                                               be paid upon      Shanghai
                          20 Huatai
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued               163482.SH   2020-04-29 2025-04-29       35.00      2.90    expiration and    Stock
                          G3
to Qualified Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(Second tranche)                                                                                   paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                          be paid upon      Shanghai
                           20 Huatai
Ltd. Publicly Issued to                 163558.SH   2020-05-21   2025-05-21     30.00      3.20    expiration and    Stock
                           G4
Qualified Investors (Third                                                                         interest to be    Exchange
tranche)                                                                                           paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               One-off
of Huatai Securities                                                                               payment of        Shanghai
                          20 Huatai
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued               163669.SH   2020-06-18   2021-06-18     23.00      2.58    principal and     Stock




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                          G5
to Qualified Investors                                                                             interest upon     Exchange
(Fourth tranche) (Type I)                                                                          expiration

2020 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities
                                                                                                   be paid upon      Shanghai
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued   20 Huatai
                                        163670.SH   2020-06-18   2023-06-18     32.00      3.10    expiration and    Stock
to Qualified Investors      G6
                                                                                                   interest to be    Exchange
(Fourth tranche) (Type
                                                                                                   paid annually
II)

2020 Short-term
                                                                                                   One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                   payment of        Shanghai
Huatai Securities Co.,      20 Huatai
                                        163823.SH   2020-08-31   2021-08-31     55.00      3.10    principal and     Stock
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     S1
                                                                                                   interest upon     Exchange




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Professional Investors
                                                                                                   expiration
(First tranche) (Type I)

2020 Short-term
                                                                                                   One-off
Corporate Bonds of




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                   payment of        Shanghai
Huatai Securities Co.,      20 Huatai
                                        163824.SH   2020-08-31   2021-05-28     15.00      3.05    principal and     Stock
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     S2
                                                                                                   interest upon     Exchange
Professional Investors
                                                                                                   expiration
(First tranche) (Type II)

2020 Short-term
                                                                                                   One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                   payment of        Shanghai
Huatai Securities Co.,      20 Huatai
                                        163828.SH   2020-09-11   2021-08-11     50.00      3.20    principal and     Stock
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     S3
                                                                                                   interest upon     Exchange
Professional Investors
                                                                                                   expiration
(Second tranche)




                                                                                                                                 225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                     Interest Principal and
                                                                                                     rate     interest payment Place for
          Name of Bond                Abbreviation Code       Issue date   Expiration date Balance   (%)      method           trading

          2020 Short-term
                                                                                                             One-off
          Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                             payment of        Shanghai
          Huatai Securities Co.,      20 Huatai
                                                  163830.SH   2020-09-17   2021-04-17     40.00      3.15    principal and     Stock
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to     S4
                                                                                                             interest upon     Exchange
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                             expiration
          (Third tranche)

          2020 Subordinated
                                                                                                             Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                             be paid upon      Shanghai
          Securities Co., Ltd.        20 Huatai
                                                  175409.SH   2020-11-13   2025-11-13     50.00      4.48    expiration and    Stock
          Publicly Issued to          C1
                                                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                             paid annually
          (First tranche)

          2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                          be paid upon      Shanghai
                                      20 Huatai
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to                 175473.SH   2020-11-24   2023-11-24     35.00      3.90    expiration and    Stock
                                      G7
          Professional Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
          (Fifth tranche)                                                                                    paid annually

          2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                          be paid upon      Shanghai
                                      20 Huatai
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to                 175534.SH   2020-12-09   2022-12-09     40.00      3.67    expiration and    Stock
                                      G8
          Professional Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
          (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                                                                           paid annually

          2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                               Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                          be paid upon      Shanghai
                                      20 Huatai
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to                 175535.SH   2020-12-09   2023-12-09     40.00      3.79    expiration and    Stock
                                      G9
          Professional Investors                                                                             interest to be    Exchange
          (Sixth tranche) (Type II)                                                                          paid annually




          Interest Payment for Corporate Bonds

          On March 19, 2020, the Company paid the interest for “19 Huatai G1” bonds for the period from March 19, 2019
          to March 18, 2020 with a total amount of RMB257.6 million (tax inclusive); On April 22, 2020, the Company paid
          the interest for “19 Huatai G3” bonds for the period from April 22, 2019 to April 21, 2020 with a total amount
          of RMB190 million (tax inclusive); On June 5, 2020, the Company paid the interest for “13 Huatai 02” bonds
          for the period from June 5, 2019 to June 4, 2020 with a total amount of RMB306.0 million (tax inclusive). On
          November 26, 2020, the Company paid the interest for “18 Huatai G1” and “18 Huatai G2” bonds for the period
          from November 26, 2019 to November 25, 2020 with a total amount of RMB158.1 million (tax inclusive). On
          December 7, 2020, the Company paid the interest for “16 Huatai G2” bonds for the period from December 6,
          2019 to December 5, 2020 with a total amount of RMB94.5 million (tax inclusive). On December 14, 2020, the
          Company paid the interest for “16 Huatai G4” bonds for the period from December 14, 2019 to December 13,
          2020 with a total amount of RMB119.1 million (tax inclusive).

          Other Information on Corporate Bonds

          Arrangements for investors’ appropriateness: target investors are professional ones who hold A share
          securities accounts of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, Shanghai Branch
          and are in compliance with the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading
          of Corporate Bonds and relevant laws and regulations (excluding purchasers prohibited by laws and
          regulations). Investors shall not subscribe by illegal use of others’ accounts or fund accounts, or illegally
          financing or financing for others. Investors subscribing for this tranche of bonds shall observe relevant laws
          and regulations and relevant provisions of the CSRC and assume corresponding legal responsibilities on
          their own.




226
                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
II. ENTRUSTED MANAGERS OF CORPORATE BONDS AND THEIR
CONTACTS AND CONTACTS OF THE CREDIT RATING AGENCY

                            Name                    GF Securities Co., Ltd.

Entrusted                                           37th Floor, Taikang Insurance Tower, No. 429 North Nanquan Road,
                            Office address
manager of                                          Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC
bonds
                            Contact person Li Peng

                            Tel. no.                021-60750691                                                                                                       About Us

                            Name                    Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd.

Entrusted                   Office address          45th Floor, 989 Changle Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, the PRC
manager of
bonds                       Contact person Yu Shan, Liu Yuan, Liu Qiuyan

                            Tel. no.                010-88013931/021-33389888


                                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
Credit rating               Name                    Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd.
agency

                                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                            Office address          14th Floor, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398 Hankou Road, Shanghai, the PRC

                            Name                    China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
Credit rating
agency                                              17th Floor, Tower 2, No.2 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District,
                            Office address
                                                    Beijing, the PRC


Other notes:




                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
The entrusted manager of “13 Huatai 02” bonds is GF Securities Co., Ltd., the entrusted manager of “16 Huatai G2”, “16 Huatai G4”, “18 Huatai G1 “, “18
Huatai G2”, “19 Huatai G1”, “19 Huatai G3”, “20 Huatai G1”, “20 Huatai G3”, “20 Huatai G4”, “20 Huatai G5”, “20 Huatai G6”, “20 Huatai S1”, “20 Huatai S2”,
“20 Huatai S3”, “20 Huatai S4”, “20 Huatai C1”, “20 Huatai G7”, “20 Huatai G8” and “20 Huatai G9” bonds is Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd.
The credit rating agency for “20 Huatai C1” bonds is China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., and the credit rating agency for other bonds is Shanghai
Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Brilliance”).




III. USAGE OF PROCEEDS FROM CORPORATE BONDS
All the proceeds from 2013 corporate bonds have been used to supplement the Company’s working capital
and mainly for the purposes of expanding the scale of its margin financing and securities lending, stock




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
repurchase and stock pledged repurchase business, which is in compliance with the requirements of the
prospectus. All the proceeds from the corporate bonds issued in 2016 have been used to supplement the
Company’s working capital and mainly for the purposes of capital-based intermediary businesses such as
stock pledged and investment businesses such as FICC, which is in line with the covenants undertaken in



                                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
the prospectus. All the proceeds from the corporate bonds issued in 2018 have been used to supplement
working capital and repay matured debts, which is in line with the covenants undertaken in the prospectus.
All the proceeds from the corporate bonds issued in 2019 have been used to supplement working capital
and repay matured debts, which is in line with the covenants undertaken in the prospectus. All the proceeds
from the corporate bonds issued in 2020 have been used to supplement working capital and repay
matured debts, which is in line with the covenants undertaken in the prospectus.




                                                                                                                                                              227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. RATING OF CORPORATE BONDS
          On April 28, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted follow-up credit ratings for the corporate bonds “13 Huatai
          02”, “16 Huatai G2”, “16 Huatai G4”, “18 Huatai G1”, “18 Huatai G2”, “19 Huatai G1”, “19 Huatai G3” and “20 Huatai
          G1” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Follow-up Credit Rating of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. and 13 Huatai 02, 16 Huatai G2, 16 Huatai G4, 18 Huatai G1, 18 Huatai G2, 19 Huatai G1, 19 Huatai G3 and 20
          Huatai G1 Issued by It (《华泰证券股份有限公司及其發行的 13 華泰 02、16 華泰 G2、16 華泰 G4、18 華泰 G1、18
          華 泰 G2、19 華 泰 G1、19 華 泰 G3 與 20 華 泰 G1 跟 蹤 評 級 報 告 》)(No.: Brilliance Follow-up Rating [2020]100031),
          pursuant to which the credit ratings of the Company’s bonds “13 Huatai 02”, “16 Huatai G2”, “16 Huatai G4”, “18
          Huatai G1”, “18 Huatai G2”, “19 Huatai G1”, “19 Huatai G3” and “20 Huatai G1” were AAA, the credit rating of the
          Company remained as AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable.

          On December 18, 2019, Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the corporate bonds “20 Huatai G1”
          issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (《 华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向
          合格投資者公開發行公司債券（第一期）信用評級報告》)(No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2019)011578]), pursuant to
          which the credit rating of “20 Huatai G1” was AAA, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit
          rating outlook is stable. On April 17, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the corporate
          bonds “20 Huatai G3” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020
          Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)(《 华
          泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向合格投資者公開發行公司債券（第二期） 信用評級報告》)(No.: [Brilliance Bond
          Rating (2020)010549]), pursuant to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai G3” was AAA, the credit rating of the
          Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. On May 13, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted
          credit ratings for the corporate bonds “20 Huatai G4” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the
          Credit Rating of the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
          (Third Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向合格投資者公開發行公司債券（第三期）信用評級報告》) (No.:
          [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)010682]), pursuant to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai G4” was AAA, the
          credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. On June 5, 2020, Shanghai
          Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the corporate bonds “20 Huatai G5” and “20 Huatai G6” issued by the
          Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向合格投資者公
          開發行公司債券（第四期）信用評級報告》)(No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)010857]), pursuant to which the
          credit ratings of “20 Huatai G5” and “20 Huatai G6” were AAA, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and
          the credit rating outlook is stable. On July 9, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the Short-
          term Corporate Bonds “20 Huatai S1” and “20 Huatai S2” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on
          the Credit Rating of the 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to
          Professional Investors (First Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第
          一 期 ） 信 用 評 級 報 告 》) (No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)011083]), pursuant to which the credit ratings of
          “20 Huatai S1” and “20 Huatai S2” were A-1, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating
          outlook is stable. On September 4, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the Short-term
          Corporate Bonds “20 Huatai S3” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of
          the 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors
          (Second Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第二期）信用評級報
          告 》) (No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)011559]), pursuant to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai S3” was
          A-1, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. On September 8, 2020,
          Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the Short-term Corporate Bonds “20 Huatai S4” issued by
          the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向
          專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第三期）信用評級報告》)(No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)011597]), pursuant
          to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai S4” was A-1, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit
          rating outlook is stable. On October 30, 2020, China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. conducted credit ratings for
          the subordinated bonds “20 Huatai C1” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating
          of the 2020 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First
          Tranche)(《 华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）信用評級報告》)(No.: [Lianhe




228
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Bond Rating (2020)3470]), pursuant to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai C1” was AAA, the credit rating
of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. On November 13, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance
conducted credit ratings for the corporate bonds “20 Huatai G7” issued by the Company, and issued the
Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to
Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2020 年面向專業投資者公開發行公司債券（第五期）
信用評級報告》) (No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)011082]), pursuant to which the credit rating of “20 Huatai
G7” was AAA, the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. On December
1, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance conducted credit ratings for the corporate bonds “20 Huatai G8” and “20 Huatai
G9” issued by the Company, and issued the Report on the Credit Rating of the 2020 Corporate Bonds of
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)(《 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司
2020 年面向專業投資者公開發行公司債券（第六期）信用評級報告》)(No.: [Brilliance Bond Rating (2020)012188]),
pursuant to which the credit ratings of “20 Huatai G8” and “20 Huatai G9” were AAA, the credit rating of the                   About Us
Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable.

It is expected that the report on the follow-up credit rating of 2020 corporate bonds will be disclosed in
the bond section of the Shanghai Stock Exchange website within 2 months after the release of this Annual
Report.




                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
V. CREDIT ENHANCEMENT MECHANISM, SETTLEMENT PLAN AND
OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION ON CORPORATE BONDS DURING
                                                                                                                             and Strategies
THE REPORTING PERIOD
The credit enhancement mechanism for the sixteen tranches of corporate bonds issued by the Company
is issued unsecured, among which, “13 Huatai 02”, “16 Huatai G2”, “16 Huatai G4”, “18 Huatai G1”, “18 Huatai G2”,
“19 Huatai G1”, “19 Huatai G3”, “20 Huatai G1”, “20 Huatai G3”, “20 Huatai G4”, “20 Huatai G6”, “20 Huatai C1”, “20
Huatai G7”, “20 Huatai G8”, “20 Huatai G9” of the settlement plan is to pay the interest once annually in the
duration of the bonds and to pay the principal together with the last installment of interest. “20 Huatai G5”,




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
“20 Huatai S1”, “20 Huatai S2”, “20 Huatai S3”, “20 Huatai S4” of the settlement plan is to pay the principal and
interest in a lump sum upon the expiration of the bonds. During the Reporting Period, there was no change
to the credit enhancement mechanism, settlement plan or other settlement safeguards for the corporate
bonds, and the Company strictly performed the covenants as set out in the prospectus in relation to the
settlement plan, paid the interest for the corporate bonds on time, and disclosed relevant information on
the Company in a timely manner, so as to protect the legal interest of investors.




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                      229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VI. INFORMATION ON CORPORATE BONDHOLDERS’ MEETING
          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any meeting for the holders of corporate bonds.



          VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES BY THE ENTRUSTED MANAGERS OF
          CORPORATE BONDS
          During the Reporting Period, GF Securities Co., Ltd., as the entrusted manager, issued the Report on the
          Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the 2013 Corporate Bonds (Ten-year bonds) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Year
          2019)(《 华泰证券股份有限公司 2013 年公司債券（10 年期）受託管理事務報告（2019 年度）》), the Interim Report
          on the Significant Matters Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the 2013 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. (2020-1-17)(《 华泰证券股份有限公司 2013 年公司債券重大事項的臨時受託管理事務報告 (2020-1-17)》) and the
          Interim Report on the Significant Matters Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the 2013 Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd. (2020-8-14)(《 华泰证券股份有限公司 2013 年公司債券重大事項的臨時受託管理事務報告 (2020-
          8-14)》).

          During the Reporting Period, Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd., as the entrusted manager, issued the
          Report on the Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the 2016 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) (Type II) (《华泰证券股
          份有限公司 2016 年公司債券（第一期）（品種二）) and the 2016 Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche) (Type II) of
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Year 2019)(2016 年公司債券（第二期）（品種二）受託管理事務報告（2019 年度）》), the
          Report on the Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
          (First Tranche) (Type I) (Type II) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Year 2019)(《华泰证券股份有限公司 2018 年面向
          合格投資者公開發行公司債券（第一期）（品種一）（品種二）等受託管理事務報告（2019 年度）》), the Interim Report
          on the Significant Matters Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          (2020-1-20)(《 华泰证券股份有限公司公司債券重大事項的臨時受託管理事務報告 (2020-1-20)》) and the Interim
          Report on the Significant Matters Entrusted Affairs in Relation to the Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. (2020-8-18) (《 华泰证券股份有限公司公司債券重大事項的臨時受託管理事務報告 (2020-8-18)》).

          The above reports all have been disclosed in the bond section of the Shanghai Stock Exchange website.




230
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
VIII. ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF THE
COMPANY FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS UP TO THE END OF THE
REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                     Year-on-year
Primary indicators                                   2020                2019          change (%)          Reason for change

Earnings before interest,
tax, depreciation and                        22,675,946             19,008,018                19.30      Increase in net profit

                                                                                                                                               About Us
amortisation (EBITDA)

Net cash (used in) investing                                                                           Increase in payment of
                                            (13,451,545)           (3,943,473)                241.11
activities                                                                                                cash for investment

Net cash generated from                                                                                    Repayment of debt
                                             26,850,070            35,669,120               (24.72)
financing activities                                                                                       instruments issued

Cash and cash equivalents
                                              67,646,413            69,198,778               (2.24)                              -
at the end of the year



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Current ratio                                          1.38                1.4                (1.43)                             -

Quick ratio                                            1.38                1.4                (1.43)                             -


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                                   Increase of 3.80
Gearing ratio                                     77.20%               73.40%                                                    -
                                                                                 percentage points

                                                                                   Decrease of 0.47
EBITDA to total debt ratio                          7.25%               7.72%                                                    -
                                                                                  percentage point

Times interest earned                                 2.72               2.86                (4.84)                              -

                                                                                                       Expansion of financing




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Times cash-interest earned                         (0.54)                0.66               (181.82)
                                                                                                                        scale

Times interest earned of
                                                      2.90               3.05                (5.05)                              -
EBITDA

Loan repayment ratio                                 100%                100%                     -                              -

Interest payment ratio                               100%                100%                     -                              -


Note: Customer’s funds are not included in the above indicators.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                      231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. INTEREST PAYMENT FOR AND REDEMPTION OF OTHER BONDS
          AND DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                   Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

          Abbreviation of the    Issuing    Closing   Coupon                      Maturity      Redemption and
          bond                     scale   balance    rate (%)   Value date          date      interest payment

                                                                                                 Redemption and
          17 Huatai C2            50.00          –       4.95    2017-07-27    2020-07-27
                                                                                                interest payment

                                                                                                 Redemption and
          18 Huatai C1             10.00         -       5.65    2018-03-15    2020-03-15
                                                                                                interest payment

          18 Huatai C2            28.00      28.00        5.20   2018-05-10     2021-05-10      Interest payment

                                                                                                 Redemption and
          17 Huatai 02            20.00          –       4.65    2017-02-24    2020-02-24
                                                                                                interest payment

                                                                                                 Redemption and
          17 Huatai 04            60.00          -        5.25   2017-05-15    2020-05-15
                                                                                                interest payment

          19 Huatai 02            50.00      50.00       3.94    2019-05-27    2022-05-27       Interest payment

          19 Huatai 03            40.00      40.00       3.68    2019-10-24    2022-10-24       Interest payment

          20 Huatai 02            100.00     100.00       3.20   2020-07-24    2022-07-24                           –

          19 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  50.00          –        2.83    2019-10-11   2020-01-09
          CP005                                                                                 interest payment

          19 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  50.00          -       3.05     2019-11-14   2020-02-12
          CP006                                                                                 interest payment

          19 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  50.00          -        3.02   2019-12-06    2020-03-05
          CP007                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  60.00          -       2.80    2020-01-06    2020-04-05
          CP001                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  50.00          -       2.65    2020-02-10    2020-05-10
          CP002                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  30.00          -        2.39   2020-02-27    2020-05-27
          CP003                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  40.00          -        2.31 2020-03-06      2020-06-04
          CP004                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  40.00          -        1.90 2020-06-09      2020-08-28
          CP005                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  40.00          -        2.20   2020-06-16    2020-09-14
          CP006                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  40.00          -       2.55    2020-07-15     2020-10-13
          CP007                                                                                 interest payment

          20 Huatai Securities                                                                   Redemption and
                                  30.00          -        2.62   2020-08-14     2020-11-12
          CP008                                                                                 interest payment




232
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Abbreviation of the                     Issuing         Closing       Coupon                               Maturity    Redemption and
bond                                      scale        balance        rate (%)       Value date               date    interest payment

20 Huatai Securities                                                                                                   Redemption and
                                          40.00                  -          2.70    2020-09-15           2020-12-14
CP009                                                                                                                 interest payment

20 Huatai Securities
                                          50.00            50.00            2.94     2020-12-15         2021-03-15                   -
CP010

19 Huatai Securities
                                          60.00            60.00           3.40      2019-08-21         2022-08-21    Interest payment
Financial Bonds 01

                                       USD500           USD500                                                                                    About Us
Offshore Bonds                                                            3.375      2019-05-23         2022-05-23    Interest payment
                                        million          million

                                                                         3Mth
                                       USD400           USD400
Offshore Bonds                                                           LIBOR       2020-02-12         2023-02-12    Interest payment
                                        million          million
                                                                       +95bps

                                         USD50           USD50
Offshore Bonds                                                             0.50       2020-11-27         2021-11-26                  -


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                         million         million




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Note: “20 Huatai 02” bonds rendered the issuer an option for redemption at the end of the first year.



1. Interest payment for and redemption of subordinated bonds

During the Reporting Period, the Company settled the principal and interest of the 2017 subordinated bonds
(first tranche) (type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai C2; bond code: 145664.SH) non-publicly issued by Huatai
Securities, with the payment amounting to RMB5,247.5 million (tax inclusive); settled the principal and
interest of the 2018 subordinated bonds (first tranche) (abbreviation: 18 Huatai C1; bond code: 150175.SH)




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
non-publicly issued by Huatai Securities, with the payment amounting to RMB1,056.50 million (tax inclusive);
and paid the interest of the 2018 subordinated bonds (second tranche) (type I) (abbreviation: 18 Huatai C2;
bond code: 1503861.SH) non-publicly issued by Huatai Securities for the period from May 10, 2019 to May 9,
2020, with the interest payment amounting to RMB145.60 million (tax inclusive).

2. Interest payment for and redemption of non-publicly issued corporate bonds

During the Reporting Period, the Company settled the principal and interest of the 2017 Corporate Bonds
(First Tranche) (Type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai 02; bond code: 145352.SH) non-publicly issued by Huatai
Securities, with the payment amounting to RMB2,093 million (tax inclusive); settled the principal and interest
of the 2017 Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche) (Type II) (abbreviation: 17 Huatai 04; bond code: 145538.SH)




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
non-publicly issued by Huatai Securities, with the payment amounting to RMB6,315 million (tax inclusive);
paid the interest of the 2019 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) (Type II) (abbreviation: 19 Huatai 02; bond code:
151579.SH) non-publicly issued by Huatai Securities for the period from May 27, 2019 to May 26, 2020, with the
interest payment amounting to RMB197 million (tax inclusive); and paid the interest of the 2019 Corporate



                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Bonds (Second Tranche) (abbreviation: 19 Huatai 03; bond code: 162324.SH) non-publicly issued by Huatai
Securities for the period from October 24, 2019 to October 23, 2020, with the interest payment amounting to
RMB147.2 million (tax inclusive).

On July 24, 2020, the Company non-publicly issued the Huatai Securities 2020 Corporate Bonds (First
Tranche) (Type II) (abbreviation: 20 Huatai 02; bond code: 167293.SH) with an amount of RMB10 billion, a term
of 2 years (with an option for the issuer to redeem at the end of the first year) and a coupon rate of 3.20%.

3. Interest payment for and redemption of short-term financing bonds

During the Reporting Period, the Company settled the principal and interest for the fifth tranche of the Short-
term Financing Bonds in 2019 (abbreviation: 19 Huatai Securities CP005; bond code: 071900111.IB), with the




                                                                                                                                         233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          payment amounting to RMB5,034,795,081.97; the Company settled the principal and interest for the sixth
          tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2019 (abbreviation: 19 Huatai Securities CP006; bond code:
          071900145.IB), with the payment amounting to RMB5,037,500,000.00 (tax inclusive); the Company settled
          the principal and interest for the seventh tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2019 (abbreviation:
          19 Huatai Securities CP007; bond code: 071900163.IB), with the payment amounting to RMB5,037,131,147.54
          (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and interest for the first tranche of the Short-term
          Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP001; bond code: 072000001.IB), with the
          payment amounting to RMB6,041,311,475.41 (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and interest
          for the second tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities
          CP002; bond code: 072000026.IB), with the payment amounting to RMB5,032,581,967.21 (tax inclusive); the
          Company settled the principal and interest for the third tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in
          2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP003; bond code: 072000047.IB), with the payment amounting to
          RMB3,017,631,147.54 (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and interest for the fourth tranche of
          the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP004; bond code: 072000053.IB),
          with the payment amounting to RMB4,022,783,561.64 (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and
          interest for the fifth tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities
          CP005; bond code: 072000147.IB), with the payment amounting to RMB4,016,657,534.25 (tax inclusive); the
          Company settled the principal and interest for the sixth tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in
          2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP006; bond code: 072000156.IB), with the payment amounting to
          RMB4,021,698,630.14 (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and interest for the seventh tranche of
          the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP007; bond code: 072000180.IB),
          with the payment amounting to RMB4,025,150,684.93 (tax inclusive); the Company settled the principal and
          interest for the eighth tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in 2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities
          CP008; bond code: 072000202.IB), with the payment amounting to RMB3,019,380,821.92 (tax inclusive); the
          Company settled the principal and interest for the ninth tranche of the Short-term Financing Bonds in
          2020 (abbreviation: 20 Huatai Securities CP009; bond code: 072000225.IB), with the payment amounting to
          RMB4,026,630,136.99 (tax inclusive).

          4. Interest payment for and redemption of financial bonds

          During the Reporting Period, the Company paid the interest for the 2019 first tranche of financial bonds
          (abbreviation: 19 HTSC Financial Bond 01, bond code: 091900018. IB) for the period from August 21, 2019 to
          August 20, 2020, with the interest payment amounting to RMB204 million (tax inclusive).

          5. Interest payment for and redemption of offshore bonds

          During the Reporting Period, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, paid 5 interests of
          offshore bonds, with the payment totaling USD22.1920 million.




234
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
X. BANK CREDIT OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
During the Reporting Period, the Company enhanced credit management. As of the end of 2020, the total
credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks exceeded RMB480 billion, representing a
continuous increase as compared with that of last year, which effectively supported the development of
various businesses of the Company.

The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid bank loans on time during the Reporting Period
without extension, reduction or exemption of any loan.



XI. PERFORMANCE OF RELEVANT COVENANTS OR UNDERTAKINGS                                                                  About Us
IN THE PROSPECTUS FOR CORPORATE BONDS OF THE COMPANY
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in
the prospectus for corporate bonds, and the usage of the proceeds was in line with the covenants in the
prospectus. The Company strictly performed its obligations of information disclosure and paid the interest


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
for the bonds on time to protect the legal interests of investors. During the Reporting Period, the Company
did not default on the redemption and interest payment of issued bonds, and operated stably with



                                                                                                                     and Strategies
satisfactory earnings and there is no risk of the Company failing to make payments on time in the future.



XII. MAJOR EVENTS OF THE COMPANY AND THEIR IMPACTS ON THE
OPERATION AND SOLVENCY OF THE COMPAN
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not experience any major event as mentioned in Article 45
of the Administrative Measures for Issue and Trading of Corporate Bonds which would have impact on the




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Company’s operation and solvency.




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              235
4   FINANCIAL REPORT AND
    DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION
Independent Auditor's Report                     238

Annual Financial Report                          247

Index of Documents for Inspection                387

Information Disclosure of Securities Companies   387

Appendix                                         388
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Independent auditor's report
          To the shareholders of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
          “Group”) set out on pages 247 to 386, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
          2020, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
          ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2020 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          (“IESBA Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
          statements in the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
          these requirements and IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
          provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key audit matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




238
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                                                       Assessing the fair value of financial instruments


                              Refer to Note 61 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                            The Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit



The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments is based on a combination     Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of financial instruments included
of market data and valuation models which often require a considerable           the following:
number of inputs.
                                                                                 • assessing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of



                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
Many of these inputs are obtained from readily available data for liquid         key internal controls over the valuation, independent price verification and
markets. Where such observable data is not readily available, as in the case     valuation model approval for financial instruments;
of certain level 2 and level 3 financial instruments, estimates need to be
developed which can involve significant management judgement.                    • assessing the fair values of all financial instruments traded in active markets
                                                                                 by comparing the fair values applied by the Group with publicly available
We identified assessing the fair value of financial instruments as a key audit   market data;
matter because of the degree of complexity involved in valuing certain
financial instruments and because of the significant degree of judgement         • reading investment agreements entered into during the current year, for a
exercised by management in determining the inputs used in the valuation          sample of level 2 and level 3 financial instruments to understand the relevant
models.                                                                          investment terms and identify any conditions that were relevant to the
                                                                                 valuation of financial instruments;

                                                                                 • engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the




                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                 valuation models used by the Group to value certain level 2 and level 3
                                                                                 financial instruments and to perform, on a sample basis, independent
                                                                                 valuations of level 2 and level 3 financial instruments and compare these




                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                                                                 valuations with the Group’s valuations. This included comparing the Group’s
                                                                                 valuation models with our knowledge of current market practice, testing
                                                                                 inputs to the fair value calculations and establishing our own valuation
                                                                                 models to perform revaluations;

                                                                                 • assessing whether the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 reflected the Group’s exposure to financial instrument valuation risk with
                                                                                 reference to the requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                     239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                          Loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost


                                         Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                                       The Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



          The determination of loss allowances using the expected credit loss model           Our audit procedures to assess loss allowances of financial assets measured
          is subject to a number of key parameters and assumptions, including the             at amortised cost included the following:
          identification of loss stages, estimates of probability of default, loss given
          default, exposures at default and discount rate, adjustments for forward-           • understanding and assessing the design, implementation and operating
          looking information and other adjustment factors. Management judgment               effectiveness of key internal controls of financial reporting over the approval,
          is involved in the selection of those parameters and the application of the         recording and monitoring of financial assets measured at amortised cost, the
          assumptions.                                                                        credit grading process and the measurement of loss allowances;

          In particular, the determination of the loss allowances is heavily dependent        • with the assistance of our internal specialists, assessing the reliability
          on the external macro environment and the Group’s internal credit risk              of the expected credit loss model used by management in determining
          management strategy. The expected credit losses for financial assets                loss allowances, including assessing the appropriateness of the key
          measured at amortised cost are derived from estimates whereby                       parameters and assumptions in the expected credit loss model, including the
          management takes into consideration historical overdue data, the historical         identification of loss stages, probability of default, loss given default, exposure
          loss experience and other adjustment factors.                                       at default, discount rate, adjustments for forward-looking information and
                                                                                              other management adjustments;
          Management also exercises judgement in determining the quantum of loss
          given default based on a range of factors. These include available remedies         • assessing the completeness and accuracy of data used for the key
          for recovery, the financial situation of the borrower, the recoverable amount       parameters in the expected credit loss model. For key parameters derived
          of collateral, the seniority of the claim and the existence and cooperativeness     from internal data relating to original agreements, we compared the total
          of other creditors. When listed stocks are involved as collateral, the loan         balance of the financial asset list used by management to assess the
          balances to collateral ratio and the stock holding concentration of the             allowances for impairment with the general ledger, selecting samples and
          borrower, the industry sector and the operation of the issuer, and the liquidity,   comparing investment information with the underlying agreements and other
          restriction on sales and price volatility of the stock will also be taken into      related documentation to assess the accuracy of compilation of the asset
          account in the judgement.                                                           list. For key parameters derived from external data, we selected samples to
                                                                                              inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing them with public resources;




240
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                                        Loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost (continued)


                              Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                            The Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit



We identified loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost     • for key parameters involving judgement, critically assessing input
as a key audit matter because of the inherent uncertainty and management         parameters by seeking evidence from external sources and comparing to
judgment involved and because of its significance to the financial results and   the Group’s internal records. We compared the economic factors used in the
capital of the Group.                                                            models with market information to assess whether they were aligned with



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                                 market and economic development;

                                                                                 • evaluating the validity of management’s assessment on whether the credit
                                                                                 risk of the financial assets has, or has not, increased significantly since initial
                                                                                 recognition and whether the financial assets is credit-impaired by selecting
                                                                                 risk-based samples. On a sample basis, we checked the financial assets
                                                                                 overdue information, understanding the credit situation and the collateral to
                                                                                 loan ratio of the borrowers, the industry sector and the operation of the stock
                                                                                 issuer, and the liquidity, restriction on sales and price volatility of the stock;

                                                                                 • for selected samples of the financial assets measured at amortised cost
                                                                                 that are credit-impaired, evaluating management’s assessment of the value
                                                                                 of the collateral held. We also evaluated the forecast cash flows, challenged




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                 the viability of the Group’s recovery plans and evaluated other credit
                                                                                 enhancements that are integral to the contract terms;




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                 • recalculating the amount of credit loss allowance for 12 month and life
                                                                                 time credit losses using the expected credit loss model based on the above
                                                                                 parameters and assumptions for a sample of financial assets measured at
                                                                                 amortised cost where the credit risk has not, or has, increased significantly
                                                                                 since initial recognition, respectively;

                                                                                 • evaluating whether the disclosures on impairment of financial assets
                                                                                 measured at amortised cost meet the disclosure requirements of prevailing
                                                                                 accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                         Consolidation of structured entities


                                      Refer to Note 56 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(29)(vi).



                                       The Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



          Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well             Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of structured entities
          defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities. The Group     included the following:
          may acquire or retain an ownership interest in, or act as a sponsor of, a
          structured entity through issuing or acquiring a wealth management product,        • making enquiries of management and inspecting relevant documents used
          an investment fund, an asset management scheme, a trust scheme or an               by management relating to the judgement process over whether a structured
          asset-backed security.                                                             entity is consolidated or not to assess whether the Group has a robust
                                                                                             process in this regard;
          In determining whether a structured entity is required to be consolidated by
          the Group, management is required to consider the power the Group is able          • selecting a sample of structured entities for each key product type and
          to exercise over the activities of the entity and its exposure to and ability to   performing the following procedures for each item selected:
          influence its own returns from the entity. In certain circumstances the Group
          may be required to consolidate a structured entity even though it has no           - inspecting the related contracts and internal documents to understand the
          equity interest therein.                                                           purpose of the establishment of the structured entity and the involvement the
                                                                                             Group has with the structured entity and to assess management’s judgement
          The factors which management needs to consider when determining                    over whether the Group has the ability to exercise power over the structured
          whether a structured entity should be consolidated or not are not purely           entity;
          quantitative and need to be considered collectively.
                                                                                             - evaluating the risk and reward structure of the structured entity including
                                                                                             any capital or return guarantee, commission paid and distribution of the
                                                                                             returns to assess management’s judgement as to exposure, or rights, to
                                                                                             variable returns from the Group’s involvement in such an entity;




242
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                                                      Consolidation of structured entities (continued)


                           Refer to Note 56 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(29)(vi).



                           The Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit



We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a key audit matter    • selecting a sample of structured entities for each key product type and
because it involves significant management judgement in determining             performing the following procedures for each item selected (continued):
whether a structured entity is required to be consolidated by the Group or
not and because the impact of consolidating a structured entity on the          - evaluating management’s analysis of the structured entity including



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
consolidated statement of financial position could be significant.              qualitative analysis and calculations of the magnitude and variability
                                                                                associated with its economic interests in the structured entity to assess
                                                                                management’s judgement over the Group’s ability to influence its own returns
                                                                                from the structured entity;

                                                                                - evaluating management’s judgement over whether the structured entity
                                                                                should be consolidated or not;

                                                                                • assessing the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements in relation
                                                                                to structured entities with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                                accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

          The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
          annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
          our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

          If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
          are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

          The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
          in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
          and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
          statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
          reporting process.


          Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
          This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
          liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

          Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
          will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
          material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
          taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




244
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or

                                                                                                                                            About Us
the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

          We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
          and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

          We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
          independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
          on our independence and, where applicable actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
          in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
          describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
          when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
          the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
          communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lee Lok Man.




          KPMG

          Certified Public Accountants
          8th Floor, Prince’s Building,
          10 Chater Road
          Central, Hong Kong



          23 March 2021




246
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                      Consolidated statement of profit or loss
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                           Note                       2020                                        2019



Revenue

 Fee and commission income                                  4                     18,457,811                                  13,011,269

 Interest income                                            5                     10,963,881                                  8,682,693

 Net investment gains                                       6                     10,159,587                                  9,179,944



Total revenue                                                                    39,581,279                                 30,873,906




                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
 Other income and gains                                     7                       953,157                                   1,562,875



Total revenue and other income                                                   40,534,436                                  32,436,781



                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
 Fee and commission expenses                                8                   (4,849,322)                                 (3,723,642)

 Interest expenses                                          9                   (8,358,703)                                  (6,561,019)

 Staff costs                                                10                 (10,403,649)                                  (7,693,154)

 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                     11                   (1,341,384)                                 (1,197,068)

 Tax and surcharges                                         12                    (209,157)                                    (151,890)

 Other operating expenses                                   13                  (4,765,630)                                 (3,533,560)




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
 Net provision for impairment loss on financial assets      14                   (1,306,208)                                  (719,549)

 Net reversal of impairment loss on other assets                                        346                                        2,617



Total expenses                                                                  (31,233,707)                               (23,577,265)




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                Consolidated statement of profit or loss(continued)
                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                      Note                       2020                                        2019



          Operating profit                                                                   9,300,729                                   8,859,516

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                 4,203,647                                   2,726,449



          Profit before income tax                                                          13,504,376                                  11,585,965

            Income tax expense                                         15                  (2,633,930)                                 (2,528,752)



          Profit for the year                                                               10,870,446                                   9,057,213



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                      10,822,497                                  9,001,644

            Non-controlling interests                                                           47,949                                     55,569



                                                                                            10,870,446                                   9,057,213



          Basic earnings per share
            (in Renminbi per share)                                    19                          1.20                                       1.04



          Diluted earnings per share
             (in Renminbi per share)                                   19                          1.19                                       1.03




          The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders
          of attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 54(j).




248
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                         Consolidated statement of profit or loss
                           and other comprehensive income
                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                Note                       2020                                        2019




                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Profit for the year                                                                   10,870,446                                   9,057,213




Other comprehensive income for the year



Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Equity investment at fair value through other
  comprehensive income
  - Net change in fair value                                                             248,725                                    494,709




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Income tax impact                                                                        (58,771)                                   (123,677)



Items that may be reclassified subsequently to



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
   profit or loss:
Net gain from debt investment at fair value
                                                                                          77,974                                       5,460
 through other comprehensive income
Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                              (34,348)                                           -
Share of other comprehensive income of
                                                                                        (55,583)                                      95,531
  associates and joint ventures
Exchange differences on translation of financial
  statements in foreign currencies                                                      (717,314)                                    162,258



Total other comprehensive income for the




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
  year, net of tax                                               18                     (539,317)                                    634,281



Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 10,331,129                                 9,691,494



Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                         10,402,443                                    9,611,074

  Non-controlling interests                                                              (71,314)                                     80,420



Total                                                                                   10,331,129                                 9,691,494




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                           Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                         Note                       2020                                        2019



          Non-current assets

            Property and equipment                                        20                    5,014,084                                    4,668,116

            Investment properties                                         21                      408,338                                    527,089

            Goodwill                                                      22                    2,260,945                                   2,333,862

            Other intangible assets                                       23                    5,276,069                                    5,711,457

            Interest in associates                                        25                     17,691,161                                14,974,547

            Interest in joint ventures                                    26                     1,641,846                                   664,458

            Debt investment at amortised cost                             27                   19,230,660                                   15,128,953
            Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                          28                    14,401,106                                  11,232,633
              comprehensive income
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         30                    9,229,523                                   6,966,333

            Refundable deposits                                           31                   24,763,790                                  12,653,540

            Deferred tax assets                                           32                      339,502                                    202,825

            Other non-current assets                                      33                      283,320                                    260,669



          Total non-current assets                                                            100,540,344                                  75,324,482



          Current assets

            Accounts receivable                                           34                    9,095,561                                    5,511,168

            Other receivables and prepayments                             35                      1,131,408                                   880,271

            Margin accounts receivable                                    36                  102,574,007                                 69,006,280

            Debt investment at amortised cost                             27                    11,180,848                                  4,610,805

            Financial assets held under resale agreements                 29                    19,536,413                                 18,466,280

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         30                  282,577,589                                245,829,339
            Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                          28                     1,545,266                                   1,125,342
              comprehensive income
            Derivative financial assets                                   37                    7,295,357                                    1,858,041

            Clearing settlement funds                                     38                    6,988,396                                   6,755,604

            Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                      39                  124,635,007                                 82,959,838

            Cash and bank balances                                        40                   49,651,039                                  49,853,188



          Total current assets                                                                 616,210,891                                486,856,156



          Total assets                                                                         716,751,235                                562,180,638




          The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




250
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                 Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                     As at 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                Note                       2020                                        2019



Current liabilities

  Short-term bank loans                                          42                    11,299,859                                   5,724,131


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
  Short-term debt instruments issued                             43                   43,951,388                                  46,425,196

  Placements from other financial institutions                   44                     4,815,236                                  11,362,598

  Accounts payable to brokerage clients                          45                  136,387,634                                  89,817,920

  Employee benefits payable                                      46                    4,156,895                                   2,573,753

  Other payables and accruals                                    47                   105,880,311                                86,836,626

  Contract liabilities                                           48                       92,366                                       19,179

  Current tax liabilities                                                               1,275,589                                    388,154

  Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements              49                  139,899,968                                  109,719,045




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     50                    12,196,234                                  4,689,620

  Derivative financial liabilities                               37                   13,398,830                                    1,278,399

  Long-term bonds due within one year                            51                    11,428,893                                  14,716,533




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Total current liabilities                                                            484,783,203                                  373,551,154



Net current assets                                                                    131,427,688                                 113,305,002



Total assets less current liabilities                                                231,968,032                                 188,629,484



Non-current liabilities




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
  Long-term bonds                                                52                   85,624,295                                 49,899,825

  Long-term bank loans                                           53                      475,414                                    850,997

  Non-current employee benefits payable                          46                     6,974,615                                  6,360,633

  Deferred tax liabilities                                       32                    2,545,647                                   2,566,800

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     50                     3,185,296                                  2,690,563

  Other payables and accruals                                    47                      850,730                                    605,958



Total non-current liabilities                                                         99,655,997                                  62,974,776



Net assets                                                                            132,312,035                                125,654,708




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                251
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            Consolidated statement of financial position
                                               As at 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                               Note                               2020                                       2019



          Equity

            Share capital                                       54                            9,076,650                                 9,076,650

            Treasury shares                                     54                          (1,626,546)                                          -

            Reserves                                            54                           92,622,778                                90,282,418

            Retained profits                                    54                           28,998,618                                  23,178,411



           Total equity attributable to
                                                                                            129,071,500                               122,537,479
             shareholders of the Company
            Non-controlling interests                                                         3,240,535                                  3,117,229



          Total equity                                                                       132,312,035                              125,654,708




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2021.




          Zhang Wei                                                                       Chen Chuanming

          Chairman of the Board,Director                                                  Director




          The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




252
                                                          Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                     Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                               Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                           Treasury       Capital         Surplus        General          Fair value       Cash flow     Translation    Retained                       controlling            Total
                                          Share capital      shares       reserve         reserve        reserve            reserve    hedges reserve       reserve       profits           Total        interests           equity
                                             (Note 54)     (Note 54)    (Note 54)       (Note 54)       (Note 54)         (Note 54)          (Note 37)     (Note 54)   (Note 54)



      As at 1 January 2020                    9,076,650            -    70,290,533        5,118,691     14,084,427          393,572                 -        395,195    23,178,411     122,537,479         3,117,229    125,654,708



      Changes in equity for 2020

       Profit for the year                            -            -            -                -               -                 -                -              -   10,822,497       10,822,497          47,949       10,870,446

       Other comprehensive income                     -            -            -                -               -           212,345         (34,348)      (598,051)            -       (420,054)         (119,263)       (539,317)



      Total comprehensive income                      -            -            -                -               -           212,345         (34,348)      (598,051)   10,822,497       10,402,443         (71,314)        10,331,129



      Equity-settled share-based
                                                      -            -      459,514                -               -                 -                 -             -            -         459,514          194,620          654,134
        payments

      Acquisition of treasury shares                  -   (1,626,546)           -                -               -                 -                 -             -            -      (1,626,546)                -     (1,626,546)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                -            -            -         592,376                -                 -                 -             -    (592,376)                -                -                -

      Appropriation to general reserve                -            -            -                -        1,708,519                -                 -             -   (1,708,519)               -                -                -

      Dividends declared for the year                 -            -            -                -               -                 -                 -             -   (2,701,395)     (2,701,395)                -      (2,701,395)

      Others                                          -            -            5                -               -                 -                 -             -            -                5                -                5




      As at 31 December 2020                  9,076,650   (1,626,546)   70,750,052        5,711,067     15,792,946           605,917         (34,348)      (202,856)   28,998,618      129,071,500       3,240,535       132,312,035




      The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




253
                                         Financial Report and                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                              Corporate Governance                                                                            About Us                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                   and Strategies
254




                                                       Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                                                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                               Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                               Non-
                                                                   Capital         Surplus           General          Fair value    Translation     Retained                             controlling              Total
                                                Share capital      reserve         reserve           reserve            reserve        reserve        profits              Total           interests             equity
                                                    (Note 54)     (Note 54)       (Note 54)         (Note 54)          (Note 54)      (Note 54)     (Note 54)



      As at 1 January 2019                           8,251,500   58,859,860        4,489,831         12,196,945          (78,451)       257,788      19,416,104       103,393,577           1,356,027        104,749,604



      Changes in equity for 2019

        Profit for the year                                 -             -                -                 -                 -              -     9,001,644           9,001,644             55,569           9,057,213

        Other comprehensive income                          -             -                -                 -           472,023         137,407             -           609,430               24,851            634,281



      Total comprehensive income                            -             -                -                 -           472,023         137,407    9,001,644            9,611,074            80,420           9,691,494



      Issuance of GDRs (representing
                                                      825,150     10,614,306               -                 -                 -              -              -          11,439,456                  -         11,439,456
        A shares)

      Capital injection by non-controlling
                                                            -       (80,411)               -                 -                 -              -              -            (80,411)           977,294            896,883
       shareholders

      Recognition on decrease of interests in
        subsidiaries without a change in                    -       511,659                -                 -                 -              -              -            511,659            654,229           1,165,888
        control

      Equity-settled share-based payments                   -      300,798                 -                 -                 -              -              -           300,798              49,907            350,705

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -             -        628,860                   -                 -              -     (628,860)                   -                   -                 -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -             -                -         1,887,482                 -              -    (1,887,482)                  -                   -                 -

      Dividends declared for the year                       -             -                -                 -                 -              -    (2,722,995)        (2,722,995)              (648)         (2,723,643)

      Others                                                -        84,321                -                 -                 -              -              -             84,321                   -             84,321



      As at 31 December 2019                        9,076,650    70,290,533         5,118,691       14,084,427           393,572        395,195      23,178,411       122,537,479            3,117,229       125,654,708




      The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                          Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                        Note               2020                                        2019




                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Cash flows from operating activities:

 Profit before income tax                                                             13,504,376                                  11,585,965

 Adjustments for:

 Interest expenses                                                                     8,358,703                                    6,561,019

 Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                    (4,203,647)                                 (2,726,449)

 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                 1,341,384                                   1,197,068

 Net provision for impairment losses                                                   1,305,862                                     716,932

  Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                            654,134                                     172,620
  Net gains on disposal of property and equipment and intangible
                                                                                         (1,455)                                       (447)
   assets



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
  Foreign exchange losses / (gains)                                                      821,223                                   (147,877)
  Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
    through other comprehensive income and debt investment at



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
    amortised cost                                                                    (1,125,358)                                 (1,645,371)
  Net losses arising from derecognition of financial assets at fair
                                                                                           10,601                                      3,478
   value through other comprehensive income
  Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
   investment at amortised cost                                                          (3,567)                                     (11,842)
  Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments
                                                                                     (4,678,762)                                  (3,497,517)
   through profit or loss
  Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                         6,371,886                                    1,440,211
  Excess of interest in the fair value of investee’s identifiable net
                                                                                        (60,073)                                           -
    assets over investment costs of associates venture acquired




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                            22,295,307                                  13,647,790




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                255
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                   Note                        2020                                        2019




          Cash flows from operating activities (continued):

            Increase in refundable deposits                                              (12,110,250)                                (4,817,034)

            Increase in margin accounts receivable                                      (34,923,307)                                  (22,811,713)
            Increase in accounts receivable, other
                                                                                          (3,729,127)                                (2,073,020)
              receivables and prepayments
            (Increase) / decrease in financial assets held
                                                                                           (444,591)                                   21,900,719
              under resale agreements
            Increase in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                         (30,161,539)                              (113,046,695)
              through profit or loss
            Decrease / (increase) in restricted bank deposits                               1,817,601                                (5,493,562)

            Increase in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                         (41,567,511)                               (24,081,828)

            Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                             46,569,714                                 30,325,745

            Increase in other payables and accruals                                       18,416,886                                 30,920,500
            Increase in employee benefits payable and
                                                                                            2,197,123                                   1,019,355
              other non-current liabilities
            Increase in financial assets sold under
                                                                                          30,180,923                                  69,623,991
              repurchase agreements
            (Decrease) / increase in placements from
              other financial institutions                                               (6,536,368)                                     5,549,111



            Cash (used in) / generated from operations                                   (7,995,139)                                    663,359



            Income taxes paid                                                             (1,961,778)                                 (1,270,322)

            Interest paid                                                                 (3,912,007)                                (2,987,674)



            Net cash used in operating activities                                       (13,868,924)                                 (3,594,637)




          The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




256
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                           Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                         Note                        2020                                        2019




                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Cash flows from investing activities:

 Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                      12,391                                     12,464

 Dividends received from associates                                                767,576                                    827,844
 Dividend income and interest income from
   financial assets through other
                                                                                  1,125,358                                   1,645,371
   comprehensive income and debt investment
   at amortised cost
 Net losses arising from derecognition of
  financial assets at fair value through other                                     (10,601)                                    (3,478)
  comprehensive income
 Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
                                                                                     3,567                                       11,842




                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
  investment at amortised cost
 Purchases of property and equipment,
   investment properties, other intangible                                      (1,007,100)                                 (1,084,941)
   assets and other non-current assets



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
 Cash paid for acquisition of a subsidiary, net
                                                                                  (117,832)                                   (164,411)
  of cash and bank balances acquired
  Acquisition of interests in associates, joint
   ventures and other investments                                               (1,730,752)                                  (472,143)

  Divestments of associates and joint ventures                                    1,523,872                                    219,877

  Purchase of debt investment at amortised cost                                (10,693,105)                                (3,466,291)
  Purchase of financial assets through other
                                                                               (3,324,919)                                 (1,405,863)
    comprehensive income
  Others                                                                                 -                                    (63,744)




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
  Net cash used in investing activities                                        (13,451,545)                                (3,943,473)




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)

                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                     Note                      2020                                        2019




          Cash flows from financing activities:

            Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                        147,192,346                                 103,166,070

            Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                     47,079,773                                 30,989,005

            Repayment of long-term bank loans                                              (371,748)                                   (847,772)

            Proceeds from short-term bank loans                                            5,564,492                                   2,708,340

            Repayment of debt securities issued                                         (164,042,119)                              (107,436,069)

            Short-term bank loans interest paid                                             (28,235)                                    (80,915)

            Long-term bank loans interest paid                                              (38,130)                                    (87,520)

            Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                      (769,501)                                   (488,317)

            Long-term bonds interest paid                                                (2,988,523)                                 (2,732,056)

            Dividends paid                                                                (2,701,395)                                (2,723,643)

            Payment of lease liabilities                                                  (420,344)                                    (321,399)

            Payment of acquisition of treasury shares                                    (1,626,546)                                           -

            Net proceeds from issuance of A shares                                                 -                                   11,586,661

            Proceeds from non-controlling interests                                                -                                    896,883
            Proceeds from partially disposal of a
                                                                                                   -                                   1,165,888
              subsidiary without losing control
            Payment for other financing activities                                                 -                                   (126,036)



            Net cash generated from financing activities             41(b)                26,850,070                                  35,669,120



            Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                         (470,399)                                   28,131,010

            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                        69,198,778                                  40,792,310

            Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (1,081,966)                                   275,458



            Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year         41(a)                67,646,413                                  69,198,778




          The notes on pages 259 to 386 form part of these financial statements.




258
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1 General information

Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People’s
Bank of China (“PBOC”), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April
1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company


                                                                                                                                                       About Us
on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
a joint stock limited liability company.

The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the “A shares”) , and was listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange on 26 February 2010.

In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).

In July 2018, the Company issued RMB1,088,731,200 A shares through private placement.



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the “GDRs”), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”).


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
As at 31 December 2020, the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,076,650,000 and the Company has a total of
9,076,650,000 issued shares of RMB1 each.

The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities proprietary trading,
securities underwriting and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, margin financing and
securities lending, agency sale of financial products, intermediary introduction business for the futures companies, agency
sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund management, brokerage of spot contracts for precious metal
such as gold, proprietary trading of spot contract for gold, direct investment business, alternative investment business,




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
stock option market making, futures brokerage business and other business activities as approved by the China Securities
Regulatory Commission(“the CSRC”).



2 Significant accounting policies

(1) Statement of compliance

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”), which collective term includes International Accounting Standards and related interpretations
promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”). A summary of the significant
accounting policies adopted by the Group are set out below.




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
The IASB has issued a number of new and revised IFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
Group. Note 2(3) provides information on any change in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these
developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in
these financial statements. The revised and new accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective for
the accounting period ended 31 December 2020 are set out in Note 64.


(2) Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are
measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit




                                                                                                                                              259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair value are
          discussed further in Note 2(8).

          The financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the functional currency of the Company. All financial
          information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The Group
          translates the financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the Group’s functional
          currency if the subsidiaries’ functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, estimates and
          assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
          expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
          recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

          Judgments made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements and
          major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(29).


          (3) Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB to these financial statements for the current
          accounting period:

          • Amendments to IFRS 3, Definition of a Business

          • Amendment to IFRS 16, COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions

          A number of other new standards are also effective from 1 January 2020, but they do not have a material effect on the
          Group’s financial statements. Impacts of the adoption of the aforementioned amended IFRSs are discussed below:

          (a) Amendments to IFRS 3, Definition of a Business

          The Group applied Amendments to IFRS 3, Definition of a Business to business combinations whose acquisition dates on or
          after 1 January 2020 in assessing whether it had acquired a business or a group of assets. The details of accounting policies
          are set out in Note 2(4)(i). See also Note 24(c) for details of the Group’s acquisition of subsidiary during the year.

          (b) Amendment to IFRS 16, COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions

          The amendment provides a practical expedient that allows a lessee to by-pass the need to evaluate whether certain
          qualifying rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic are lease modifications and,
          instead, account for those rent concessions as if they were not lease modifications. This amendment had no material effect
          on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented.


          (4) Basis of consolidation

          (i) Business combinations

          The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
          assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(4)(ii)). In determining whether
          a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
          includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

          The Group has an option to apply a ‘concentration test’ that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
          activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
          assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

          (ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable
          returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
          assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.




260
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
liability.


                                                                                                                                             About Us
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.

Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
is recognised.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
asset (see Note 2(8)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
(see Note 2(4)(iii)).

In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
Note 2(15)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
sale).




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(iii) Associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of
the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied
the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets
and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(15)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
in profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive
income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced to
nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of
the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the
Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an




                                                                                                                                    261
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
          Insteadly, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
          capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
          in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

          In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
          venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
          in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is
          recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
          2(8)).

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are
          accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
          classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
          measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


          (5) Goodwill

          Goodwill represents the excess of:

          (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
          acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

          (ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
          each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
          and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(15)).

          On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
          profit or loss on disposal.


          (6) Foreign currency

          When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange
          rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
          exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

          A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate
          determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
          a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

          Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
          reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary items denominated
          in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using the foreign exchange rate at the
          transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated
          using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting exchange differences are recognised
          in profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity securities investment designated as at fair
          value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences
          that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in
          capital reserve.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting
          period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
          dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that




262
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders’ equity
which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.


(7) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid investments, which are
readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in value.


(8) Financial instruments

(i) Recognition and initial measurement                                                                                                      About Us

Financial instruments are recognised / derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase / sell the investment.
Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in
profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(8)(iv). Financial
instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
(ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
period following the change in the business model.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
FVTPL:

– it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
– its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

– it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets; and

– its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present
subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

Financial assets – Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level
because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
this purpose, consistent with the Group’s continuing recognition of the assets.

Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
measured at FVTPL.




                                                                                                                                    263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Financial assets – Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

          For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
          ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal
          amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
          administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

          In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the
          contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
          could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
          assessment, the Group considers:

          – contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;

          – terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;

          – prepayment and extension features; and

          – terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

          A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
          substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
          reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
          a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
          substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also
          include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
          of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.

          Financial assets — Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



          Financial assets at FVTPL                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
                                                       dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

          Financial assets at amortised cost           These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                                       amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
                                                       and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                                       or loss.

          Debt investments at FVOCI                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                                       interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                       Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                                       OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

          Equity investments at FVOCI                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                                                       loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                       gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




          Financial liabilities — Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

          Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
          classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL
          are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
          value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability’s credit risk
          is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
          in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

          (iii) impairment

          The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:

          – financial assets measured at amortised cost;

          – debt investments measured at FVOCI; and




264
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
– contract assets.

Debt investment at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL
assessment.

Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
that the Group expects to receive).

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is


                                                                                                                                             About Us
exposed to credit risk.

In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

– 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
reporting date; and




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
– lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
items to which the ECL model applies.




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
conditions at the reporting date.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
12-month ECLs:

– debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

– other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

Significant increases in credit risk

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
since initial recognition:

– failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

– an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if available);

– an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

– existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.




                                                                                                                                    265
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Credit-impaired financial assets

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
          are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
          estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

          Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

          – significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

          – a breach of contract such as a default;

          – the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;

          – it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or

          – the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

          Presentation of allowance for ECL in the consolidated statement of financial position

          Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
          assets.

          For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.

          Write-off

          The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
          a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written off.
          However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
          Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.

          Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
          loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

          (iv) Fair value measurement

          If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
          transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
          asset or financial liability. For a financial asset held or a financial liability to be assumed, the quoted price is the current
          bid price. For a financial asset to be acquired or a financial liability assumed, the quoted price is the current asking price.
          Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker,
          industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s
          length basis.

          If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
          techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
          to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
          pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management’s
          best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
          conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
          end of the reporting period.

          In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
          limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
          of the financial asset and financial liability.

          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities

          Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
          meet one of the following conditions:




266
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
– the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

– the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
relinquished.

If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing
involvement in the financial asset.

The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in


                                                                                                                                                About Us
the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the
terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

(vi) Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

(vii) Equity instruments


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
equity.

(viii) Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.

(ix) Hedge accounting

At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,
and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.

The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of
variability of its cash flows.

Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk management positions,
do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
with the Group’s accounting policy as set out below.

Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or




                                                                                                                                       267
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,
          that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
          the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value
          change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
          item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
          the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

          For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
          value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.

          When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
          value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain
          or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
          loss.

          The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
          after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
          been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
          loss.

          Cash ﬂow hedges

          Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk
          associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,
          and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
          the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or
          loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

          When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
          comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
          the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
          relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
          or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
          forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
          loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

          Net investment hedges

          Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.

          Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the
          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.


          (9) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,
          or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
          collateral.

          The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note
          2(8). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
          financing receivables and securities lent is recognised using the effective interest rate method.

          The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
          only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

          Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage




268
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
business.


(10) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements

Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
a future date under repurchase agreements.

The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the
consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts


                                                                                                                                               About Us
as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated
statement of financial position.

The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,
is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest
income and interest expenses, respectively.


(11) Investments in subsidiaries



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
In the Group’s consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the
principles described in Note 2(4).




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(15)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared
but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
investees as investment income.


(12) Property and equipment and construction in progress




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
(i) Recognition and measurement

Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
losses (see Note 2(15)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
constructed assets includes the following:

– the cost of materials and direct labour;

– any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;

– when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

– capitalised borrowing costs.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
(major components) of property and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds
from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.

Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary
expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
bring the asset to its intended use.

Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
intended use.

(ii) Subsequent costs




                                                                                                                                      269
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the
          expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

          (iii) Depreciation

          Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
          assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
          using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

          Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
          Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
          the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
          follows:


                                                                 Estimated                       Estimated                    Depreciation
          Types of assets                                       useful lives                residual values                          rates



          Buildings                                             30 - 35 years                            3%                     2.77% - 3.23%

          Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                            3%                    12.13% - 19.40%

          Electronic equipment                                       5 years                             3%                            19.40%

          Furniture and fixtures                                     5 years                             3%                            19.40%




          No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
          are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


          (13) Investment property

          Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
          the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

          Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
          depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(15)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
          accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
          investment property is classified as held for sale.


                                                                 Estimated                       Estimated                    Depreciation
                                                                useful lives                residual values                          rates



          Investment property                                   30 - 35 years                            3%                     2.77% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.


          (14) Other intangible assets

          Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
          impairment loss (see Note 2(15)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
          the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

          The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:




270
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Types of assets                                                                                                Estimated useful lives


Existing relationships with broker-dealers                                                                                  Indefinite
Land-use rights                                                                                                              50 years
Trade names                                                                                                                  20 years
Software and others                                                                                                       2 - 20 years




An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.


(15) Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any                                About Us
indication of impairment:

– property and equipment

– investment property

– other intangible assets




                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
– equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

– goodwill



                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
– leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
exceeds its recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment
testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.


(16) Contract assets and contract liabilities


                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
set out in Note 2(8)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the
Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the




                                                                                                                                         271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          effective interest method.


          (17) Employee benefits

          (i) Short-term employee benefits

          Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
          is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
          plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
          the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

          (ii) Defined contribution plans

          A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
          separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
          contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
          services are rendered by employees.

          (iii) Other long-term employee benefits

          The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
          benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted
          to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
          reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates
          approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
          expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
          are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

          (iv) Termination benefits

          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
          of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
          termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
          redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that
          the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12
          months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


          (18) Share-based payments

          (i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
          are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
          at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services
          for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
          the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability
          at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recongised in profit or loss for the current period.

          When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments are
          issued by the Company’s ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as cash-
          settled.

          (ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the
          payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
          instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified
          performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
          on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent




272
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the
services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
instruments are issued by the Company’s ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
transaction as equity-settled.


(19) Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss except


                                                                                                                                            About Us
to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

(i) Current tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.

(ii) Deferred tax




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Deferred tax is not recognised for:

– temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;

– temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
reverse in the foreseeable future; and




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
– taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
recovered through sale has not been rebutted.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realised.

(iii) Tax exposures

In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to
change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
expense in the period that such a determination is made.




                                                                                                                                   273
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (20) Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
          To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of a
          lease in IFRS 16.

          (i) As a lessee

          At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
          leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease
          components as a single lease component.

          The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is
          initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
          or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
          the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
          the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
          lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
          right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
          as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
          and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
          date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s
          incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

          The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
          and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          – fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;

          – variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
          commencement date;

          – amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          – the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional
          renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a
          lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

          The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
          change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of
          the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
          will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.

          The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘property and equipment’
          and lease liabilities in ‘other payables and accruals’ in the statement of financial position.


          Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

          The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
          short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an
          expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.




274
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions

The Group has applied Amendment to IFRS 16, COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions. The Group applies the practical
expedient allowing it not to assess whether eligible rent concessions that are a direct consequence of the COVID-19
pandemic are lease modifications. The Group applies the practical expedient consistently to contracts with similar
characteristics and in similar circumstances. For rent concessions in leases to which the Group chooses not to apply
the practical expedient, or that do not qualify for the practical expedient, the Group assesses whether there is a lease
modification.

(ii) As a lessor



                                                                                                                                             About Us
At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
lease.

To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for
the major part of the economic life of the asset.


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
with reference to the underlying asset.

If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
lease as an operating lease.

If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
in the contract.

The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
2(15)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
in the lease.

The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
term as part of ‘other income and gains’.


(21) Provisions and contingent liabilities

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.



                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


(22) Fiduciary activities

The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and
the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
rewards of the assets reside with customers.


(23) Revenue recognition

Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services in the ordinary course of the
Group’s business.




                                                                                                                                    275
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
          to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
          excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
          entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
          of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
          significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
          more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
          rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
          separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
          significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
          on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
          months or less.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i) Commission income from brokerage business

          Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
          and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.

          (ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees

          Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.

          Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the
          Group’s performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

          (iii) Advisory fees

          Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
          time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

          (iv) Asset management fees

          Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
          performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group’s
          performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
          recognised will not occur.

          (v) Other income

          Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


          (24) Expenses recognition

          (i) Commission expenses

          Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

          (ii) Interest expenses

          Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

          (iii) Other expenses

          Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.




276
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(25) Dividend distribution

Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to
the financial statements separately.


(26) Government grants

Government grants are recognised initially as deferred income at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that they
will be received and the Group will comply with the conditions associated with the grant, and are then recognised in profit
or loss as other income on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset.

Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss as other income on a systematic                    About Us
basis in the periods in which the expenses are recognised.


(27) Related parties

(i) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

(1) has control or joint control over the Group;




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(2) has significant influence over the Group; or

(3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

(1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
subsidiary is related to the others).

(2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of
which the other entity is a member).

(3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

(5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
Group.

(6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

(7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of
the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

(8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
to the Group’s parent.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
(28) Segment reporting

Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
Group’s internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a
component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resource to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,
financial performance and cash flows is available.

Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or
similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of
production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the




                                                                                                                                  277
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.

          Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
          and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.


          (29) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

          The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
          application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
          may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
          accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

          (i) Fair value of financial instruments

          As indicated in Note 2(8)(i), financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income are measured at fair value at the end of the year and it is usually possible to determine their
          fair values within a reasonable range of estimates.

          For part of the above financial instruments, quoted market prices are readily available. However, the determination of
          fair value for financial assets and liabilities for which there is no observable market price requires the use of valuation
          techniques as described in Note 2(8)(iv). For financial instruments that trade infrequently and have little price transparency,
          fair value is less objective, and requires varying degrees of judgment depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of
          market factors, pricing assumptions and other risks affecting the specific instrument.

          (ii) Measurement of ECL

          The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.

          Significant increase of credit risk

          As explained in Note 2(8)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
          assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
          recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
          qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

          Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

          When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
          characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess
          whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
          appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
          portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
          lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
          measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
          portfolios differ.

          Models and assumptions used

          The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most
          appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
          assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.

          Forward-looking information

          When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
          assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

          Probability of default (PD)

          PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
          calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

          Loss given default (LGD)




278
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit
enhancements.

Loss ratio (LR)

LR represents the Group’s expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan
to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
appropriateness.

(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets


                                                                                                                                              About Us
Non-financial assets are reviewed regularly to determine whether the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount of
the assets. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is provided.

Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the asset’s
selling price, related operating expenses and discounting rate to calculate the present value. All relevant materials which
can be obtained are used for estimation of the recoverable amount, including the estimation of the selling price and
related operating expenses based on reasonable and supportable assumption.




                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
(iv) Depreciation and amortisation

Property and equipment, investment property, intangible assets, leasehold improvements and long-term deferred



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
expenses are depreciated and amortised using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives after taking into
account residual values. The estimated useful lives are regularly reviewed to determine the depreciation and amortisation
costs charged in the reporting period. The estimated useful lives are determined based on historical experiences of similar
assets and the estimated technical changes. If there is an indication that there has been a change in the factors used to
determine the depreciation or amortisation, the amount of depreciation or amortisation will be revised.

(v) Income taxes

Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment of such
transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are
recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be
recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax credits
can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s
assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable that future
taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

(vi) Determination scope of consolidation

All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount
of investors’ returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
For asset management schemes where the Group involves as the manager or investment consultant, the Group assesses
whether the combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of
returns from the activities of the asset management schemes that is of such significance indicating that the Group is a
principal. The asset management scheme shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.



3 Taxation

The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:




                                                                                                                                     279
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                         Tax type                                                    Tax basis                                                   Tax rate



          Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.        3% - 17%(i)
                                                    The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                                    period.
          City maintenance and construction         Based on value added tax paid                                                  1% - 7%
          tax
          Education surcharge                       Based on value added tax paid                                                  2% - 3%

          Local Education surcharge                 Based on value added tax paid                                                  1% - 2%

          Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                       25%(ii)




          (i) According to Notice on Adjusting VAT rate (Cai Shui [2018] No.32), since 1 May 2018, the VAT rates applicable to 17% and
          11% have been adjusted to 16% and 10% respectively. According to Notice on Clarifying VAT Policies for Financial Services,
          Real Estate Development, and Educational Ancillary Services (Cai Shui [2016] No.140), Supplementary Notice on Issues
          concerning VAT Policies for Asset Management Products (Cai Shui [2017] No.2) and Notice on Issues Relating to VAT on
          Asset Management Products (Cai Shui [2017] No.56) issued by the Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation,
          effective from 1 January 2018, the simplified VAT method will temporarily be applied to the operation of asset management
          products with a VAT rate of 3%. The manager of asset management products will be the taxpayer.

          (ii) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2019: 25%). The
          income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2019: 16.5%). The corporate income tax rate applicable to
          subsidiaries in the United States is 21% (2019: 21%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are charged at the relevant local
          rates.



          4 Fee and commission income


                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                   2020                                         2019



          Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                               9,198,734                                    5,937,905

          Income from asset management business                                                                4,091,547                                    3,904,318

          Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                    3,351,882                                    1,507,209

          Income from futures brokerage business                                                               1,268,196                                     1,028,961

          Income from financial advisory business                                                               422,499                                      506,076

          Other commission income                                                                                124,953                                      126,800



          Total                                                                                                18,457,811                                   13,011,269




280
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
5 Interest income


                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2020                               2019



Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                  6,149,310                          4,013,140

Interest income from financial institutions                                  3,243,487                          2,497,914

Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                        851,854                            905,851
Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                               272,184                              78,212
  comprehensive income



                                                                                                                                       About Us
Interest income from securities-backed lending                                 248,120                           973,304
Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                               190,757                            214,272
  agreements
Others                                                                           8,169                                   -



Total                                                                       10,963,881                          8,682,693




6 Net investment gains


                                                                            Year ended 31 December                                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                                 2020                               2019



Dividend income and interest income from financial
                                                                             8,695,327                          4,603,446
  instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
                                                                                  1,320                          657,830
  through other comprehensive income
Net realised losses from disposal of derivative
                                                                           (10,441,578)                         (1,751,145)
 financial instruments
Net realised gains from disposal of financial
                                                                            14,659,676                          3,604,143
 instruments at fair value through profit or loss




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Net realised losses from disposal of financial instruments
                                                                               (10,601)                           (3,478)
 at fair value through other comprehensive income
Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
                                                                                 3,567                              11,842
 investment at amortised cost(i)
Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial
                                                                           (7,426,886)                          (1,440,211)
 instruments
Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments
 at fair value through profit or loss                                        4,678,762                          3,497,517



Total                                                                        10,159,587                         9,179,944




(i) For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group sold certain investment securities measured at




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
amortised cost. These sales were made because the financial assets no longer met the Group’s investment policy due to a
deterioration in their credit risk.




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          7 Other income and gains


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2020                                       2019



          Income from commodity sales                                                         1,206,870                                  935,544

          Government grants(i)                                                                  273,423                                  247,437

          Rental income                                                                         69,746                                     101,105
          Excess of interest in the fair value of investee’s identifiable net assets
                                                                                                60,073                                          -
          over investment costs of associates venture acquired(ii)
          Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                             1,455                                      447

          Foreign exchange (losses) / gains                                                   (821,223)                                   147,877

          Others                                                                                162,813                                  130,465



          Total                                                                                 953,157                                 1,562,875




          (i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
          where they reside.

          (ii) During the year of 2020, as approved by the CSRC License [2020]2952, Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. (“Bank of Jiangsu”)
          performed allotment of A shares at the ratio of 3 for every 10 shares. The total effective subscriptions of the Company
          amounted at RMB881.28 million. Other income and gains amounting to RMB60.07 million arose due to the excess of the
          Group’s share of the net fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate over the total investment cost.



          8 Fee and commission expenses


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2020                                       2019



          Expenses for securities brokerage and
                                                                                              2,922,867                                 1,898,076
            advisory business
          Expenses for asset management business                                               936,597                                   952,225

          Expenses for futures brokerage business                                               857,101                                  785,844

          Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                                    128,992                                    64,831

          Expenses for financial advisory business                                                1,462                                      1,177

          Other commission expenses                                                               2,303                                    21,489



          Total                                                                               4,849,322                                 3,723,642




282
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
9 Interest expenses


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                    2020                                  2019



Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                             2,912,479                             2,649,316
Interest expenses on financial assets
                                                                                 2,863,130                            2,229,589
  sold under repurchase agreements
Interest expenses on short-term
                                                                                   903,219                              750,491
  debt instruments issued
Interest expenses on placements                                                   737,949                               341,609


                                                                                                                                            About Us
Interest expenses of accounts payable to
                                                                                   528,517                              336,034
  brokerage clients
Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                         230,169                               65,074

Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                             39,470                                30,144

Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                          34,295                                87,520

Others                                                                             109,475                                71,242



Total                                                                            8,358,703                             6,561,019




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
10 Staff costs


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                   Note                                2020                               2019



Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                   8,225,010                           6,312,665

Contribution to pension schemes                                                      863,813                            459,717




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Equity-settled share-based payment expenses        62(a)                             654,134                            172,620

Cash-settled share-based payment expenses                                                    -                           78,292

Other social welfare                                                                660,692                            669,860



Total                                                                             10,403,649                           7,693,154




The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social plans, including pension, medical, housing, and other
welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. The Group also operates a Mandatory
Provident Fund Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.
According to the relevant regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne by the Group




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
are calculated on regular basis and paid to the labor and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the social security
plans are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          11 Depreciation and amortisation on expenses


                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                             2020                    2019



          Amortisation of other intangible assets         523,708                  437,013

          Depreciation of property and equipment          709,705                 661,589

             - Right-of-use assets                        374,309                  285,175

             - Other property and equipment               335,396                  376,414
          Amortisation of leasehold improvements and
                                                            88,173                 73,440
           long-term deferred expenses
          Depreciation of investment properties             19,798                 25,026



          Total                                           1,341,384               1,197,068




          12 Tax and surcharges


                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                             2020                    2019



          City maintenance and construction tax             97,179                 56,573

          Education surcharges                             67,986                  43,447

          Others                                           43,992                   51,870



          Total                                            209,157                 151,890




284
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
13 Other operating expenses


                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                               2020                     2019



Cost of commodity sales                                     1,178,340                933,090

IT expenses                                                 597,426                   192,091

Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                428,571                  246,831

Stock exchange fees                                         280,004                   215,553

Consulting fees                                             257,685                  226,676


                                                                                                          About Us
Postal and communication expenses                            231,806                  157,956

Products distribution expenses                              208,705                   155,456

Business entertainment expenses                              171,603                  161,247

Business travel expenses                                     170,052                  229,114

Securities investor protection funds                         102,376                  85,636

Rental expenses                                               77,792                  79,889

Utilities                                                    43,336                   45,934

Auditors' remuneration                                        13,278                   10,208




                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Others                                                     1,004,656                 793,879



Total                                                      4,765,630                3,533,560




                                                                                                        and Strategies


14 Net provision for impairment loss on financial assets


                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                               2020                     2019




                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against
                                                             (9,749)                   9,832
  cash and bank balances
Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against
                                                           1,355,580                  (5,682)
  margin accounts receivable
(Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against
                                                           (149,505)                  197,380
  other receivables and prepayments
Provision for impairment losses against debt
                                                              21,355                     1,147
  investment at amortised cost
Provision for impairment losses against
  financial assets at fair value through other                63,220                   4,350
  comprehensive income
(Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against
                                                            (18,138)                  510,557
  financial assets held under resale agreements




                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Provision for impairment losses against
  accounts receivable                                        43,445                     1,965



Total                                                      1,306,208                  719,549




                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                 285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          15 Income tax expense

          (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                              2020                         2019



          Current income tax

              - Mainland China                                            2,728,349                      1,673,811

              - Hong Kong                                                         -                             -

              - Overseas                                                    124,325                      162,560



                                                                          2,852,674                     1,836,371



          Adjustment in respect of prior years

              - Mainland China                                              (3,460)                         7,977

              - Hong Kong                                                         -                             -

              - Overseas                                                          -                             -



                                                                            (3,460)                         7,977



          Deferred tax

              Origination and reversal of temporary differences           (215,284)                     684,404



          Total                                                           2,633,930                 2,528,752




          (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                              2020                         2019




          Profit before income tax                                        13,504,376                11,585,965



          National tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate        3,376,094                     2,896,491

          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                             148,308                      105,050

          Tax effect of non-taxable income                                 (844,011)                (490,168)

          Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                      21,523                       21,201

          Recognition of previously unrecognised tax losses                (86,544)                     (22,936)

          Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                   19,327                       5,047

          Adjustment for prior years                                        (3,460)                         7,977

          Others                                                              2,693                        6,090



          Actual income tax expense                                       2,633,930                 2,528,752




286
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
16 Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration

The remuneration of directors and supervisors who held office during the reporting period is as follows:



                                                              Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                 Salaries,    Contribution
                             Directors’   allowances and       to pension        Discretionary       Annuity
Name                              fees    benefits in kind       schemes              bonuses          plan      Total



Executive directors

  Zhang Wei(2)                        -                371              28                   388           134      921


                                                                                                                                   About Us
  Zhou Yi(3)                          -               1,152             28                  1,260          143   2,583

  Zhu Xuebo                           -                305              25                   586           142    1,058



Non-executive
 directors
  Ding Feng(1)                        -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Chen Yongbing(1)                    -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Xu Qing(1)                          -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Hu Xiao(1)



                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                      -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Wang Tao(1)(4)                      -                  -               -                     -             -       -




                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Independent non-
  executive directors
  Chen Chuanming                   240                   -               -                     -             -     240

  Liu Hongzhong(5)                  120                  -               -                     -             -      120

  Lee Chi Ming                     240                   -               -                     -             -     240

  Liu Yan                          240                   -               -                     -             -     240

  Chen Zhibin                      240                   -               -                     -             -     240

  Wang Jianwen(6)                   140                  -               -                     -             -     140




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Supervisors

  Zhai Jun (7)                        -               848               51               2,670              98   3,667

  Zhang Min(1) (8)                    -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Yu Lanying(1)                       -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Zhang Xiaohong(9)                   -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Fan Chunyan(1)(10)                  -                  -               -                     -             -       -

  Gu Chengzhong (11)                  -                828              28                  2,661           97    3,614

  Wang Ying (12)                      -                772              28                  1,725           76    2,601



Total                             1,220              4,276             188               9,290             690   15,664




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                          287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                           Salaries,   Contribution
                                      Directors’   allowances and       to pension        Discretionary       Annuity
          Name                             fees     benefits in kind      schemes              bonuses          plan     Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei(2)                       -                239              23                    179          -       441

            Zhou Yi(3)                         -                359              38                  1,069         72     1,538

            Zhu Xuebo                          -                 323             38                   687          72      1,120



          Non-executive
           directors
            Ding Feng(1)                       -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Chen Yongbing(1)                   -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Xu Qing(1)                         -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Hu Xiao(1)                         -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Wang Tao(1)(4)                     -                   -              -                      -          -         -



          Independent non-
            executive directors
            Chen Chuanming                  240                    -              -                      -          -      240

            Liu Hongzhong(5)                240                    -              -                      -          -      240

            Lee Chi Ming                    240                    -              -                      -          -      240

            Liu Yan                         240                    -              -                      -          -      240

            Chen Zhibin                     240                    -              -                      -          -      240



          Supervisors

            Yu Yimin(1)(13)                    -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Zhai Jun (7)                       -                855              49                  1,598         49     2,551

            Chen Ning(1)(14)                   -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Zhang Ming(1) (8)                  -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Yu Lanying(1)                      -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Yang Yaling(1)(15)                 -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Zhang Xiaohong(9)                  -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Fan Chunyan(1)(10)                 -                   -              -                      -          -         -

            Peng Ming(16)                      -                 199              4                      -          12      215

            Zhou Xiang(17)                     -                 147              11                     -          13       171

            Meng Qinglin(18)                   -                984              49                  2,902         76      4,011

            Gu Chengzhong (11)                 -                 822             38                   1,135        49     2,044

            Wang Ying (12)                     -                696              38                   1,159        38      1,931



          Total                            1,200               4,624            288                  8,729        381    15,222




          (1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders
          and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holding Company
          Limited, CMB Wealth Management Company Limited and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.. No allocation of the
          remunerations between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.

          (2) Appointed as chairman of the board on 16 December 2019.

          (3) Appointed as CEO and director of executive committee on 29 October 2019 and resigned as chairman of the board on
          16 December 2019.

          (4) Appointed as non-executive director on 16 December 2019.

          (5) Resigned as independent non-executive director on 19 June 2020.




288
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(6) Appointed as independent non-executive director on 19 June 2020.

(7) Appointed as supervisor on 26 April 2019 and as chairman of the supervisory board on 16 December 2019.

(8) Appointed as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(9) Appointed as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(10) Resigned as non-executive director on 16 December 2019 and appointed as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(11) Appointed as supervisor on 26 April 2019.

(12) Appointed as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(13) Resigned as chairman of the supervisory board on 16 December 2019.                                                                  About Us
(14) Resigned as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(15) Resigned as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

(16) Resigned as supervisor on 26 April 2019.

(17) Resigned as supervisor on 26 April 2019.




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
(18) Resigned as supervisor on 16 December 2019.

There were no amounts paid during the reporting period to the directors and supervisors in connection with their retirement



                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the year, there was
no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any remuneration.



17 Individuals with highest emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in
Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  2020                                 2019



Salaries and allowances                                                           14,764                               16,741

Discretionary bonuses                                                             35,138                              33,279

Employer’s contribution to pension schemes                                          462                                 462

Share-based payments                                                             108,130                              19,843



Total                                                                           158,494                               70,325




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                              2020                                         2019

                                                                              Number of individuals                        Number of individuals



          HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                           -                                                1

          HKD10,000,001 to HKD15,000,000                                                          -                                            2

          HKD15,000,001 to HKD20,000,000                                                          2                                                1

          HKD20,000,001 to HKD25,000,000                                                          -                                                1

          Over HKD25,000,000                                                                      3                                            -



          Total                                                                                   5                                            5




          No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
          upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.



          18 Other comprehensive income


                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                            Before tax                Tax expense                     Net of tax



          Net gain from debt investments at FVOCI                               77,974                           -                        77,974

          Equity investments at FVOCI:
            - Net movement in fair value
                                                                               248,725                    (58,771)                       189,954
               reserve (non-recycling)
          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                          (34,348)                           -                      (34,348)
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                              (55,583)                           -                      (55,583)
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies         (717,314)                          -                      (717,314)



          Total                                                              (480,546)                    (58,771)                     (539,317)




                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                            Before tax                Tax expense                     Net of tax



          Net gain from debt investments at FVOCI                                5,460                           -                         5,460

          Equity investments at FVOCI:
            - Net movement in fair value
                                                                               494,709                    (123,677)                      371,032
               reserve (non-recycling)
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                                95,531                           -                        95,531
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies          162,258                           -                       162,258



          Total                                                                757,958                    (123,677)                      634,281




290
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

(1) Basic earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                           Note                    2020                             2019




                                                                                                                                     About Us
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                             10,822,497                       9,001,644



Weighted average number of ordinary shares
 (in thousands)                                           19(1)(a)              9,027,078                       8,686,374



Basic earnings per share attributable to
 equity shareholders (in Renminbi per share)                                         1.20                            1.04




                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
(a) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)




                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                   2020                             2019



Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                       9,076,650                       8,251,500

Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                           (49,572)                              -

 Increase in weighted average number of ordinary shares                                -                         434,874




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                      9,027,078                       8,686,374




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                            291
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Diluted earnings per share

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (diluted):



                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                Note               2020                              2019



          Consolidated net profit attributable to
           ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted)                      19(2)(a)        10,744,913                        8,962,366



          Weighted average number of ordinary
                                                                               19(1)(a)
           shares outstanding (in thousands)                                                   9,027,078                         8,686,374



          Diluted earnings per share attributable to
            equity shareholders (in Renminbi per share)                                              1.19                             1.03




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is calculated as follows:



                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                              2019



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                               10,822,497                        9,001,644
           shareholders of the Company
          Diluted adjustments:
          Effect of conversion of convertible bonds from the
                                                                                                (77,584)                          (39,278)
            associate of the Company(i)
          Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees of a subsidiary(ii)                           -                                -



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
           shareholders of the Company (diluted)                                               10,744,913                        8,962,366




          (i) Bank of Jiangsu, the associate of the Company issued convertible bonds in March 2019. Diluted earnings per share
          takes into account the potential dilutive impact on the Group’s share of profits of this associate due to the potential full
          conversion of bonds to shares.

          (ii) During 2019, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary of the Company granted stock options and restricted stock
          units to its certain employees. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential impacts to the Group’s share
          of profits of the subsidiary when additional shares have to be issued to relevant employees. Since AssetMark Financial
          Holdings, Inc. was in a loss position for the year ended 31 December 2020, the inclusion of all potential ordinary shares
          outstanding would have been anti-dilutive and excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year
          ended 31 December 2020.

          For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Company had no potentially dilutive shares outstanding,
          respectively.




292
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
20 Property and equipment



                                          Motor        Electric      Furniture     Construction    Right-of-use
                           Buildings    vehicles    equipment      and fixtures     in progress          assets         Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2020       3,655,708      155,821      1,148,900        271,929          29,969        1,252,706     6,515,033

Additions                          -       6,449        318,220          25,517           87,013        636,051      1,073,250
Transfer during the year
                                 357           -          2,680           3,569         (80,431)              -      (73,825)


                                                                                                                                           About Us
   (Note 33(b))
Transfer in from
   investment                124,454           -              -               -               -               -       124,454
   properties(Note 21)

Disposals                    (2,202)      (8,314)      (76,481)         (12,761)              -         (91,261)      (191,019)



As at 31 December 2020      3,778,317    153,956       1,393,319       288,254           36,551        1,797,496    7,447,893



Accumulated
 depreciation




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
As at 1 January 2020       (742,695)    (106,512)     (541,368)       (172,641)               -        (283,701)   (1,846,917)

Charge for the year        (103,792)      (8,115)     (193,600)       (29,889)                -       (374,309)     (709,705)
Transfer in from




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
   investment properties
   (Note 21)                (25,618)           -              -               -               -               -       (25,618)
Disposals                        425       8,066         71,838            8,611              -          59,491        148,431



As at 31 December 2020     (871,680)    (106,561)     (663,130)       (193,919)               -       (598,519)    (2,433,809)



Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2020     2,906,637      47,395        730,189         94,335           36,551        1,198,977     5,014,084




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  293
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                       Motor         Electric       Furniture      Construction    Right-of-use
                                     Buildings       vehicles     equipment       and fixtures      in progress          assets        Total



          Cost

          As at 31 December 2018      3,574,577         147,871         791,119         221,437          49,026               -    4,784,030
          Impact on initial
            application of IFRS 16            -              -               -                -               -         725,265      725,265



          As at 1 January 2019        3,574,577         147,871         791,119         221,437          49,026         725,265    5,509,295

          Additions                           -         34,567         412,178          49,469           60,600          531,197     1,088,011
          Transfer during the year
            (Note 33(b))                      -              -          15,852           12,159         (79,657)              -      (51,646)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties
             (Note 21)                    81,131             -               -                -               -               -         81,131
          Disposals                           -       (26,617)       (70,249)           (11,136)              -          (3,756)     (111,758)



          As at 31 December 2019      3,655,708        155,821       1,148,900         271,929           29,969        1,252,706    6,515,033



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2019        (598,166)       (125,141)     (433,285)         (79,285)                -               -    (1,235,877)

          Charge for the year          (97,617)        (6,447)       (173,752)        (98,598)                -        (285,175)    (661,589)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties
             (Note 21)                 (46,912)              -               -                -               -               -      (46,912)
          Disposals                           -        25,076          65,669            5,242                -            1,474       97,461



          As at 31 December 2019      (742,695)       (106,512)      (541,368)        (172,641)               -        (283,701)   (1,846,917)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2019       2,913,013       49,309         607,532           99,288           29,969         969,005     4,668,116




          As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB6.56 million and
          RMB34.68 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




294
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
21 Investment properties


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                2020                                            2019



Cost

As at 1 January                                                               769,459                                      850,590

Additions                                                                           -                                              -

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                 (124,454)                                      (81,131)



                                                                                                                                                About Us
Disposals                                                                        (219)                                             -



As at 31 December                                                             644,786                                      769,459



Accumulated depreciation

As at 1 January                                                              (237,823)                                   (259,709)

Charge for the year                                                           (19,798)                                    (25,026)

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                    25,618                                       46,912

Disposals                                                                          102                                             -



As at 31 December                                                            (231,901)                                    (237,823)
                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Impairment

As at 1 January                                                               (4,547)                                       (4,547)

Impairment losses for the year                                                      -                                              -



As at 31 December                                                             (4,547)                                       (4,547)




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Carrying amount                                                               408,338                                      527,089




As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB46.06
million and RMB55.91 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          22 Goodwill



          Cost                                                                                                                   2,333,862

            As at 1 January 2020                                                                                                   79,266

            Acquisition through business combination                                                                              (152,183)

            Effect of movements in exchange rates

                                                                                                                                 2,260,945

            As at 31 December 2020



          Impairment losses

            As at 1 January 2020                                                                                                         -

            Impairment losses                                                                                                            -



            As at 31 December 2020                                                                                                       -



          Carrying amounts

            As at 1 January 2020                                                                                                 2,333,862



            As at 31 December 2020                                                                                               2,260,945




          Impairment testing on goodwill

          Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                         2019




          Investment banking                                                            51,090                                      51,090

          Futures brokerage                                                               252                                          252

          Overseas asset management                                                  2,209,603                                   2,282,520



          Total                                                                      2,260,945                                   2,333,862




          The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
          the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the investment banking CGU.

          The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
          value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the
          futures brokerage CGU.

          The Group acquired the overseas asset management business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the
          interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in 2016. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration
          transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the overseas asset management
          CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. in April 2019. The
          Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. in Feburary 2020. The Group




296
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired
as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU.

For the investment banking and futures brokerage CGU, the cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are
independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU. For the overseas asset management
CGU, the Group considered that the primary business of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. acquired in 2019 and WBI OBS
Financial, Inc. acquired in 2020 are the same as AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., and they can bring synergies to overseas
asset management business. The Group assessed that there was only one CGU within AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc..
The Group performed the impairment test for the goodwill generated from each CGU.


(1) Investment banking and futures brokerage CGU

The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations                     About Us
use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not
exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2020, the pre-tax discount rate used by the investment
banking and futures brokerage CGUs were 20% and 18%, respectively (18% and 20%, respectively, as at 31 December 2019),
and the weighted average growth rate were 5% and 6.6%, respectively (5% and 6.6%, respectively, as at 31 December 2019).
The pre-tax discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth expectations of the relevant



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
CGUs. Other major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows
which include budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and
management’s expectations for the market development.


(2) Overseas asset management CGU                                                                                                         and Strategies
The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal based on the stock
price of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in New York Stock Exchange as at 31 December 2020.

As at 31 December 2020, the Group performed its annual goodwill impairment test. No impairments were recognised for
the goodwill related to investment banking CGU, futures brokerage CGU and overseas asset management CGU. The Group




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
believes that appropriate assumptions have been made based on available information. The key assumptions based on
the cash flow projections of the asset groups may change, which may cause the recoverable amounts to be over or below
its book value.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          23 Other intangible assets


                                                               Existing
                                             Land    relationships with                     Software
                                        use rights      broker-dealers    Trade names     and others        Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2020             362,281            3,979,783         319,719    2,530,698      7,192,481

          Acquisition of subsidiaries            -                    -              -        66,563       66,563

          Additions                              -                    -              -        326,147      326,147

          Disposals                              -                    -              -          (94)          (94)

          Exchange differences                   -           (240,853)        (19,349)      (76,692)    (336,894)



          As at 31 December 2020           362,281            3,738,930        300,370      2,846,622    7,248,203



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2020            (85,362)                    -       (53,653)    (1,342,009)   (1,481,024)

          Charge for the year              (7,260)                    -       (36,645)     (479,803)    (523,708)

          Disposals                              -                    -              -            94            94

          Exchange differences                   -                    -          3,286         29,218       32,504



          As at 31 December 2020          (92,622)                    -        (87,012)   (1,792,500)   (1,972,134)




          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2020          269,659             3,738,930        213,358      1,054,122    5,276,069




298
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                          Existing
                                       Land     relationships with                               Software
                                  use rights       broker-dealers       Trade names            and others                Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2019                  359,161             3,917,479            314,714            1,912,694          6,504,048

Acquisition of subsidiaries                -                     -                  -               95,632              95,632

Additions                               3,120                    -                  -               503,711            506,831

Disposals                                  -                     -                  -               (3,514)             (3,514)

Exchange differences                       -                62,304              5,005                22,175             89,484




                                                                                                                                            About Us
As at 31 December 2019               362,281             3,979,783             319,719           2,530,698             7,192,481



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2019                 (78,123)                    -            (37,323)           (926,590)          (1,042,036)

Charge for the year                   (7,239)                    -            (15,736)           (414,038)            (437,013)

Disposals                                  -                     -                  -                 3,514               3,514

Exchange differences                       -                     -              (594)              (4,895)              (5,489)




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
As at 31 December 2019              (85,362)                     -           (53,653)           (1,342,009)          (1,481,024)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2019               276,919             3,979,783            266,066             1,188,689            5,711,457




Existing relationships with brokers and dealers are regarded as having an indefinite useful life and are not amortised
because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the
Group.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2020, the Group performed its impairment test on the above individual intangible assets based on
the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.
The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow projections with
reference to financial budget approved by management covering a 9-year period and the pre-tax discount rate of 15.6%.
The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the years beyond the financial
budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 3.5%.

Based on management’s impairment assessment of the Group, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31
December 2020 (31 December 2019: Nil).




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   299
300



      24 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                  Place and date of       Issued and         Equity interest held
                                                                     incorporation/     fully paid-up         by the Company                                                  Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                                establishment             capital       as at 31 December                  Principal activity             GAAP
                                                                                                                 2020                 2019                                    2020                2019



                                                                                PRC              RMB                                                  Investment          KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                       99.92%               99.92%
                                                                   5 September 1997       997,480,000                                                    banking          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                  PRC             RMB                                                     Futures         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                                                 60.00%               60.00%
                                                                         10 July 1995    1,609,000,000                                                 brokerage          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                PRC              RMB                                                       Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                  100.00%              100.00%
                                                                     12 August 2008     5,200,000,000                                                 investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                                                                                        Securities
                                                                         Hong Kong               HKD                                                                         KPMG                 KPMG
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                         100.00%              100.00%           and futures
                                                                  23 November 2006      8,800,000,000                                                                       HKFRSs               HKFRSs
                                                                                                                                                       brokerage


                                                                                                                                                        Securities
                                                                         Hong Kong               HKD                                                                         KPMG                 KPMG
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                        100.00%              100.00%           and futures
                                                                         5 April 2017   8,800,000,002                                                                       HKFRSs               HKFRSs
                                                                                                                                                       brokerage


                                                                               PRC                RMB                                                  Alternative        KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                   100.00%              100.00%
                                                                   21 November 2013      1,700,000,000                                                investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                PRC              RMB                                                     Asset            KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd.                                                 100.00%              100.00%
                                                                     16 October 2014    2,600,000,000                                              management             PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity Management (Limited                        PRC                RMB                                                      Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
                                                                                                                31.00%               31.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)                                        28 September 2014                 -                                                 investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited                 PRC               RMB                                                      Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
                                                                                                               45.00%               45.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)                                               1 June 2015       276,615,840                                                investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                 Place and date of      Issued and     Equity interest held
                                                                    incorporation/    fully paid-up     by the Company                                                 Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                               establishment            capital   as at 31 December                  Principal activity            GAAP
                                                                                                           2020                 2019                                  2020             2019



                                                                               PRC              RMB                                                  Equity        KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)                                            24.73%               24.73%
                                                                   19 February 2016    1,810,000,000                                            investment         PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP


                                                                                 US             USD                                                                KPMG LLP         KPMG LLP
      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.(2)                                                               70.27%              70.27%    Asset management
                                                                     1 January 1996           72,449                                                               US GAAP          US GAAP


                                                                                                                                        Spread trading and
                                                                             PRC               RMB                                                                 KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd(2)                                                  100.00%               100.00%   commodity warrant
                                                                  6 December 2013       650,000,000                                                                PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                    trading


                                                                               PRC             RMB                                             Investment          KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd(2)                                               100.00%               100.00%
                                                                      3 August 2017     550,000,000                                          management            PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP




301
                                        Financial Report and                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                        About Us                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                      Documents for Inspection                                             and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

          - KPMG PRC represents KPMG Huazhen LLP, a firm of certified public accountants registered in PRC;

          - KPMG represents KPMG in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong Kong; and

          - KPMG LLP represents KPMG in the United States, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States.

          (2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.

          (3) As at 31 December 2020, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity
          Management (Limited Partnership), Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin
          Investment Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of partnership agreement, the Company has the power to
          control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect the Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they
          are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.


          (b) Partially-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

          The following tables list out the information relating to Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. and AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., the
          subsidiaries of the Group which have material non-controlling interest (“NCI”). The summarised financial information
          presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination:



                                                            Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                   AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.
                                                                  2020                        2019                2020                           2019



          NCI percentage                                           40%                         40%               29.73%                         29.73%

          Assets                                             42,842,627                  25,103,587           7,983,789                      8,246,392

          Liabilities                                      (39,867,604)                (22,345,524)         (2,078,279)                     (2,254,806)

          Net assets                                          2,975,023                  2,758,063            5,905,510                       5,991,586

          Carrying amount of NCI                              1,189,665                    1,103,225           1,755,703                      1,785,262



          Revenue                                             2,232,482                    1,701,654          3,003,554                       2,875,601

          Profit / (loss) for the year                          220,572                     90,668            (355,513)                         (2,897)

          Other comprehensive income                            (3,613)                       1,573                   -                              -

          Total comprehensive income                            216,959                      92,241           (355,513)                         (2,897)

          Profit / (loss) allocated to NCI                       88,229                     36,897             (106,361)                       (8,962)

          Dividend paid to NCI                                        -                           -                   -                              -



          Cash flows from operating activities               10,104,878                    499,437             534,889                         379,988

          Cash flows from investing activities                 359,050                     391,898            (347,361)                       (413,314)

          Cash flows from financing activities                 (46,819)                   (55,789)            (352,429)                        (15,052)




302
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(c) Acquisition of subsidiary

WBI OBS Financial, Inc.

In 2020, the Company’s subsidiary AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired WBI OBS Financial, LLC, which was renamed
as WBI OBS Financial, Inc. effective in June 2020. The Company closed the acquisition and paid a final purchase price of
USD21.34 million (RMB149.51 million). The equity interest held by the Group is 100% after the acquisition in February 2020. The
Group recognised the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as
the goodwill.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. as at the date of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                                  Fair value recognised               About Us
                                                                                                                        as at the date of
                                                                                                                              acquisition



Property and equipment                                                                                                              1,876

Other intangible assets                                                                                                           66,563

Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                  1,317

Accounts receivable                                                                                                                 4,164




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                                   4,954

Cash and bank balances                                                                                                              31,681




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Other payables and accruals                                                                                                      (40,307)



Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                        70,248



Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                                                                  79,266



Consideration transferred                                                                                                         149,514




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Less: fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                          (70,248)



Carrying amount of goodwill                                                                                                        79,266




Goodwill arose from the acquisition because the cost of the acquisition included a control premium. In addition, the
consideration paid for the acquisition effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue
growth, and future market development. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not
meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

Since the acquisition, WBI OBS Financial, Inc. contributed RMB29.17 million to the Group’s revenue and RMB3.26 million losses




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          25 Interest in associates


                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                                   2020                                          2019



          Share of net assets                                                                   17,691,161                                  14,974,547




          The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
          listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                       Proportion of ownership interest
                                                Registered   Registered    Group’s effective                 Held by the     Held by a      Principal
          Name of associate                          place      capital             interest                  Company       subsidiary       activity


                                                                                                                                          Commercial
          Bank of Jiangsu(i)                       Nanjing    14,769,607               5.63%                       5.63%             -
                                                                                                                                             banking


          China Southern Asset Management                                                                                                      Fund
                                                 Shenzhen        361,720               41.16%                      41.16%            -
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                     management


          Nanjing Huatai Ruilian NO.1 Funds                                                                                                     Equity
                                                   Nanjing    5,442,000               48.27%                           -        48.27%
           Mergers (Limited Partnership) (ii)                                                                                              investment




          All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

          (i) For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank
          of Jiangsu. The Company formulated certain specific implementation measures on the finance and operation policy-
          making of Bank of Jiangsu that had a significant influence over it. Bank of Jiangsu converted 548,000 shares convertible
          bonds, accounting for 0.0006% of the total number of ordinary shares issued by Bank of Jiangsu before the conversion. As
          approved by the CSRC License [2020]2952, Bank of Jiangsu performed allotment of A shares at the ratio of 3 for every 10
          shares. The total effective subscriptions were 3,225,083,672 shares, and the Company subscribed 192,000,000 shares. The
          equity ratio of Bank of Jiangsu held by the Company was changed from 5.54% to 5.63%.

          (ii) As at 31 December 2020, the Group holds 48.27% equity interest of Nanjing Huatai Ruilian No.1 Funds Mergers (Limited
          Partnership) (“No.1 Funds Mergers”). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is the co-manager of the
          fund, which has a significant influence over the fund. Therefore, it is accounted as an associate of the Group.




304
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu, China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. and NO. 1 Funds Mergers
which are individually significant associates to the Group, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated
financial statements, are disclosed below:

Bank of Jiangsu



                                                                                   2020                             2019



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                      2,337,893,000                   2,065,058,000



                                                                                                                                      About Us
Liabilities                                                               (2,155,755,443)                  (1,928,083,074)

Net assets                                                                    182,137,557                     136,974,926

Revenue                                                                       52,026,000                      44,974,000

Profit for the year                                                            15,522,021                       16,921,980

Other comprehensive income                                                     (372,384)                       (866,500)

Total comprehensive income                                                     15,149,637                      16,055,480

Dividend received from the associate                                              177,920                         217,600




                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:

Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                135,275,105                      110,027,043

The Group’s effective interest                                                     5.63%                            5.54%




                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                7,588,140                       6,099,377



Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        7,588,140                       6,099,377




China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                   2020                             2019



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                         12,009,246                        9,435,117

Liabilities                                                                   (4,168,198)                     (2,370,765)

Net assets                                                                      7,841,048                       7,064,352

Revenue                                                                        5,629,639                        3,872,937

Profit for the year                                                             1,484,107                        896,907

Other comprehensive income                                                      (24,743)                           97,767

Total comprehensive income                                                      1,459,364                        994,674

Dividend received from the associate                                             277,864                          149,226




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:

Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                  7,625,332                       6,837,404




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
The Group’s effective interest                                                     41.16%                           41.16%

The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                3,138,587                        2,814,276



Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        3,138,587                        2,814,276




                                                                                                                             305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          NO. 1 Funds Mergers



                                                                                       2020          2019



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                    8,561,102    8,195,643

          Liabilities                                                                       -            -

          Net assets                                                                8,561,102    8,195,643

          Revenue                                                                   3,227,169    2,649,799

          Profit for the year                                                       3,133,644     2,547,011

          Other comprehensive income                                                        -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                3,133,644     2,547,011

          Dividend received from the associate                                        45,506             -



          Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:

          Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company            8,561,102    8,195,643

          The Group’s effective interest                                              48.27%       48.27%

          The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                           4,132,152   3,955,757

          Other adjustment                                                          (100,201)     (37,418)



          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  4,031,951    3,918,339




          Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                                       2020          2019


          Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
           consolidated financial statements                                        2,932,483    2,142,555



          Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’ gains         1,249,837     556,874

          Other comprehensive income                                                   (502)          (56)



          Total comprehensive income                                                1,249,335     556,818




306
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
26 Interest in joint ventures


                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2020                                  2019



Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value
                                                                                                      888,195                                    -
 through profit or loss(i)
Unlisted investment in a joint venture                                                                753,651                              664,458



Total                                                                                                1,641,846                             664,458


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
(i) The Group elected to measure its investment Huatai International Greater Bay Area Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB888.20
million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a directly wholly-owned subsidiary, at fair value through
profit or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair value basis as at 31 December 2020.

The following list contains only the particulars of material joint venture accounted for in the consolidated financial
statements under the equity method, which is unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available:




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                                     Proportion of ownership interest
                                             Registered    Registered    Group’s effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Name of joint venture                             place       capital             interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
 Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                              Equity
 of Funds (Limited Partnership)(i)               Nanjing    10,001,000                 10%                       -                10%   investment




(i) As at 31 December 2020, the Group held 10% equity interest of Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment Fund
of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and the third party contractually




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
agree to share control and net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group consider the fund is jointly controlled by the
Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as joint venture of the Group.

(ii) Summarised financial information of Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment Fund of Funds (Limited
Partnership), which are individually significant joint venture to the Group, and reconciled to the carrying amount in the
consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                      307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership)



                                                                                             2020        2019



          Gross amounts of the joint venture

          Assets                                                                          7,537,023   6,629,266

          Liabilities                                                                         (516)           -

          Net assets                                                                      7,536,507   6,629,266

          Revenue                                                                          949,474     295,645

          Profit for the year                                                               929,307     275,301

          Other comprehensive income                                                             -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                        929,307     275,301

          Dividend received from the joint venture                                               -            -



          Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:

          Net assets of the joint venture attributable to the parent company              7,536,507   6,629,266

          The Group’s effective interest                                                       10%         10%

          The Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                              753,651    662,927



          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                          753,651    662,927




          Information of joint venture that is not individually material:



                                                                                             2020        2019


          Carrying amount of individually immaterial joint venture in the consolidated
                                                                                                 -         1,531
           financial statements



          Amounts of the Group’s share of immaterial joint venture’s gains                       -           76

          Other comprehensive income                                                             -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                             -           76




308
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
27 Debt investment at amortised cost

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020                               2019



Debt securities                                                                       19,244,156                        14,434,594


                                                                                                                                               About Us
Loan and advances                                                                             -                           699,570

Less: impairment losses                                                                (13,496)                             (5,211)



Total                                                                                19,230,660                          15,128,953



Analysed as:



Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              6,342,628                          6,743,982




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                 189,025                           554,254

Unlisted                                                                             12,699,007                           7,830,717




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Total                                                                                19,230,660                          15,128,953




Current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020                               2019




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Debt securities                                                                       11,195,920                         4,322,908

Loan and advances                                                                             -                           289,899

Less: impairment losses                                                                (15,072)                            (2,002)



Total                                                                                 11,180,848                         4,610,805



Analysed as:



Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              3,699,647                          2,538,970




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                  19,356                             42,470

Unlisted                                                                              7,461,845                          2,029,365



Total                                                                                 11,180,848                         4,610,805




As at 31 December 2020, the Group has pledged debt investment at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB25,218                        Documents for Inspection
million and carrying amount of RMB25,167 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business (as at 31 December
2019: a total fair value of RMB15,897 million and carrying amount of RMB15,737 million). The fair values of these securities have
taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.




                                                                                                                                      309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2020                             2019



          At the beginning of the year                                                           7,213                          6,066

          Charge for the year                                                                   31,922                           3,736

          Reversal of impairment                                                              (10,567)                         (2,589)



          At the end of the year                                                               28,568                             7,213




          28 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2020                             2019



          Equity investment

          Equity securities designated at FVOCI

            - Unlisted equity securities                                                       190,143                         90,069

            - Other unlisted equity investment (1)                                          10,488,274                      10,254,673



                                                                                            10,678,417                      10,344,742



          Debt investment

          Debt securities                                                                   3,253,698                          731,785

          Loan and advances                                                                   468,991                          156,106




          Total                                                                             14,401,106                       11,232,633



          Analysed as:



          Unlisted                                                                           11,180,101                     10,500,848

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                            2,319,766                        696,635

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            901,239                           35,150



          Total                                                                             14,401,106                       11,232,633




          (1) As at 31 December 2020, the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income above contained the
          special account investment. The Company has entered into the agreement with China Securities Finance Corporation
          Limited (CSF), contributed to the special account established and managed by CSF for unified operation. Risk and
          income arising from the investment shall be shared by all securities firms according to the proportion of their respective
          contribution. The Group designated the special amount investment as financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income (non-recycling) as the investment is not held for trading.




310
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Current



                             As at 31 December
                              2020                  2019



Debt investment

Debt securities             1,137,014            283,456

Loan and advances           408,252              841,886




                                                                      About Us
Total                      1,545,266             1,125,342



Analysed as:



Unlisted                    474,435              841,886

Listed inside Hong Kong    604,646                196,178

Listed outside Hong Kong    466,185               87,278



Total                      1,545,266             1,125,342




                                                                   Operating Analysis


                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                             311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          29 Financial assets held under resale agreements

          (a) Analysed by collateral type:

          Current



                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020                    2019



          Debt securities                                                    13,883,007              13,787,673

          Equity securities                                                   6,692,818                5,736,157

          Less: impairment losses                                            (1,039,412)             (1,057,550)



          Total                                                              19,536,413              18,466,280




          (b) Analysed by market:

          Current



                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020                    2019



          Inter-bank market                                                    840,974                 10,117,307

          Shenzhen stock exchange                                             8,716,535               4,734,581

          Shanghai stock exchange                                             10,616,150              3,947,540

          Others                                                                402,166                 724,402

          Less: impairment losses                                            (1,039,412)             (1,057,550)



          Total                                                              19,536,413              18,466,280




          (c) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020                    2019



          At the beginning of the year                                        1,057,550                546,993

          Charge for the year                                                   268,519                660,363

          Reversal of impairment                                             (286,657)                (149,806)



          At the end of the year                                               1,039,412              1,057,550




312
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                               2020                      2019



Within 1 month                                                           1,631,622                   3,203,587

1 to 3 months                                                             688,997                     1,410,422

3 months to 1 year                                                       4,372,199                     1,122,148

Less: impairment losses                                                (1,039,412)                  (1,057,550)



Total                                                                   5,653,406                    4,678,607
                                                                                                                            About Us



(e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                      As at 31 December 2020
                                                Lifetime ECL-not                  Lifetime ECL-
                              12-month ECL       credit impaired                credit impaired         Total



Amortised cost                    5,047,694                13,510                       1,631,614    6,692,818
                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Impairment losses                   (11,996)               (135)                      (1,027,281)   (1,039,412)



Carrying amount                   5,035,698               13,375                        604,333     5,653,406



Collateral                       16,323,423                17,414                     2,039,804     18,380,641




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                      As at 31 December 2019
                                                Lifetime ECL-not                   Lifetime ECL-
                              12-month ECL       credit impaired                credit impaired          Total



Amortised cost                     3,201,553                 400                       2,534,204      5,736,157

Impairment losses                   (8,002)                  (4)                      (1,049,544)   (1,057,550)



Carrying amount                    3,193,551                 396                       1,484,660     4,678,607



Collateral                        8,595,770                4,969                       4,337,698    12,938,437




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   313
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          30 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current

          (a) Analysed by type:



                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                           2020                     2019



          Equity securities                                            6,019,789                 4,219,220

          Debt securities                                               355,484                   554,937

          Funds                                                          39,988                   185,288

          Wealth management products                                      60,123                  1,712,701

          Loan and advances                                            2,754,139                  294,187



          Total                                                        9,229,523                6,966,333




          (b) Analysed as:



                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                           2020                     2019



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                     1,358,266                 356,529

          Unlisted                                                     7,871,257                6,609,804



          Total                                                        9,229,523                6,966,333




          Current

          (a) Analysed by type:



                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                           2020                     2019



          Equity securities                                           57,688,801                29,781,301

          Debt securities                                             187,981,318              180,958,126

          Funds                                                      24,369,887                28,855,524

          Wealth management products                                   11,241,881               5,905,224

          Loan and advances                                            1,295,702                  329,164



          Total                                                      282,577,589              245,829,339




314
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(b) Analysed as:



                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                           2020                                 2019



Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              138,088,905                         114,257,958

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                18,995,576                            7,901,751

Unlisted                                                                              125,493,108                        123,669,630




                                                                                                                                                  About Us
Total                                                                                 282,577,589                        245,829,339




As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held
by the Group are RMB55 million and RMB62 million, respectively. The fair values of these funds have taken into account the
relevant features including the restrictions.

As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately
RMB2,447 million and RMB790 million of restricted shares, respectively. The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a



                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
legally enforceable restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period. The fair
values of these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is
measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
valuation techniques.

Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group’s investments in unlisted
funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities’ fair values.




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
The fair value of the Group’s investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.

As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that
resulted in the transfer of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB5,426
million and RMB1,476 million to external clients, respectively, which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The
fair value of collaterals for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 36(c) together with the fair value of collaterals
of margin financing business.

As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss investment with a total fair value of RMB1,890 million and RMB1,329 million to CSF for the purpose of replacement,
respectively. The fair value of these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
investment with a total fair value of RMB113,003 million and RMB91,387 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
business, bond lending business and derivative business, respectively. The fair values of these securities have taken into
account the relevant features including the restrictions.




                                                                                                                                         315
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          31 Refundable deposits


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020                  2019



          Deposits with stock exchanges

            - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited     1,197,346               774,158

            - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                     44,638                  7,668

            - Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                              926                    45



                                                                               1,242,910               781,871



          Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

            - China Financial Futures Exchange                               10,042,875             5,057,555

            - Shanghai Futures Exchange                                       2,352,019             2,023,044

            - Dalian Commodity Exchange                                       2,737,945              1,429,232

            - Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                    1,685,852               894,701

            - Shanghai International Energy Exchange                           386,069                316,689

            - Overseas commodity exchange                                        50,918               208,865



                                                                             17,255,678             9,930,086



          Deposits with other institutions

            - China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                   4,784,580                775,493

            - Shanghai Clearing House                                           360,142                848,118

            - Shanghai Gold Exchange                                               400                    400

            - Others financial institutions                                   1,120,080                317,572



                                                                              6,265,202              1,941,583




          Total                                                              24,763,790             12,653,540




316
      32 Deferred taxation

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                                       Changes             Changes                Changes
                                                                                 in fair value of    in fair value of       in fair value of         Intangible
                                              Provision for     Employee                financial         derivative               financial             assets
                                              impairment         benefits           instruments             financial          instruments       recognised in
      Deferred tax arising from:                    losses       payable      measured at FVTPL         instruments     measured at FVOCI       the acquisition            Others          Total



      As at 1 January 2020                         548,666       1,648,863             (1,232,786)          (78,052)                (94,541)         (1,250,141)        (1,905,984)   (2,363,975)



      Recognised in profit or loss                 309,086         133,814               (51,064)            259,976                       -             75,403           (511,931)      215,284

      Acquisition of subsidiary                           -              -                      -                   -                      -                   -              1,317          1,317

      Recognised in reserves                              -              -                      -                   -               (58,771)                   -                 -       (58,771)



      As at 31 December 2020                       857,752       1,782,677            (1,283,850)             181,924               (153,312)        (1,174,738)        (2,416,598)   (2,206,145)




      As at 1 January 2019                         370,853        1,386,041              (284,721)          (313,601)                  29,136        (1,224,780)        (1,547,969)    (1,585,041)



      Recognised in profit or loss                   177,813      262,822               (948,065)            235,549                       -            (25,361)          (387,162)    (684,404)

      Acquisition of subsidiary                           -              -                      -                   -                      -                   -             29,147        29,147

      Recognised in reserves                              -              -                      -                   -               (123,677)                  -                 -      (123,677)



      As at 31 December 2019                       548,666       1,648,863             (1,232,786)           (78,052)                (94,541)         (1,250,141)       (1,905,984)   (2,363,975)




317
                                       Financial Report and                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                 About Us                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                                2019



          Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                                                                                                 339,502                            202,825
           position
          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
                                                                                              (2,545,647)                        (2,566,800)
           financial position



          Total                                                                               (2,206,145)                        (2,363,975)




          (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

          As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(19)(ii), the Group
          has not recognised unused tax losses of RMB878 million and RMB1,138 million, respectively, as deferred tax assets, as it is not
          probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
          and entity. Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.



          33 Other non-current assets

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                                2019



          Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                 283,320                            260,669




          (b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                                2019



          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                   260,669                             259,751

          Additions                                                                               36,999                              22,712

          Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                       73,825                              51,646

          Amortisation                                                                           (88,173)                           (73,440)



          Balance at the end of the year                                                         283,320                            260,669




318
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
34 Accounts receivable

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                  2019



Accounts receivable of:

  - Return swap and OTC options                                                      4,385,953                         2,328,096



                                                                                                                                                 About Us
  - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                              2,564,670                              550,212

  - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                      940,017                              775,274

  - Fee and commission                                                                 910,563                          864,235

  - Settlement                                                                         168,810                           798,260

  - Subscription receivable                                                             112,018                             107,628

  - Others                                                                             76,830                                107,318

Less: impairment losses                                                              (63,300)                            (19,855)



Total                                                                                9,095,561                              5,511,168



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
(b) Analysed by aging:

As at the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                  2019




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Within 1 month                                                                       6,109,005                          5,264,183

1 to 3 months                                                                        1,774,958                               57,958

Over 3 months                                                                         1,211,598                             189,027



Total                                                                                9,095,561                              5,511,168




(c) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses :


                                                                                       As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                                        2020                                  2019



At the beginning of the year                                                            19,855                                17,890




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Charge for the year                                                                    46,245                                14,559

Reversal of impairment                                                                 (2,800)                              (12,594)



At the end of the year                                                                 63,300                                19,855




(d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no recent
history of default.

The receivables from securities-backed lending business are not included in accounts receivable.




                                                                                                                                        319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          35 Other receivables and prepayments

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                               2019



          Other receivables(1)                                                                   310,993                           468,259

          Prepayments                                                                            206,754                                  -

          Interest receivable(2)                                                                  161,663                            131,942

          Tax refund                                                                              63,074                             29,834

          Deductable VAT                                                                          56,165                             36,874

          Deferred expenses                                                                        19,425                            14,576

          Dividends receivable                                                                    15,469                              4,564

          Others                                                                                 297,865                            194,222



          Total                                                                                  1,131,408                          880,271



          (1) Other receivables:



                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                               2019



          Other receivables                                                                     1,109,046                          1,374,639

          Less: impairment losses                                                              (798,053)                          (906,380)



          Total                                                                                  310,993                           468,259




          The balance of others mainly represents receivables from over-the-counter options clients, the amount due from non-
          controlling shareholders of Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., receivables from securities investor protection fund, and sundry
          receivables arising from normal course of business.


          Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses of other receivables:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2020                               2019



          At the beginning of the year                                                           906,380                             714,315

          Charge for the year                                                                     313,481                           210,758

          Reversal of impairment                                                                (421,808)                          (18,693)



          At the end of the year                                                                 798,053                           906,380




320
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(2) Interest receivable:



                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                     2020                 2019



Interest receivable                                                195,946              207,403

Less: impairment losses                                           (34,283)              (75,461)



Total                                                               161,663              131,942




                                                                                                            About Us
Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                     2020                 2019



At the beginning of the year                                         75,461              70,146




                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Charge for the year                                                 25,683                43,511

Reversal of impairment                                             (66,861)             (38,196)




                                                                                                          and Strategies
At the end of the year                                              34,283               75,461




                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                   321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          36 Margin accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                        2019



          Individuals                                                                        92,398,831                  63,208,640

          Institutions                                                                        11,643,427                    5,910,311

          Less: impairment losses                                                            (1,468,251)                    (112,671)



          Total                                                                             102,574,007                  69,006,280




          (b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                        2019



          At the beginning of the year                                                           112,671                     118,353

          Charge for the year                                                                 1,377,835                      33,329

          Reversal of impairment                                                               (22,255)                     (39,011)



          At the end of the year                                                               1,468,251                      112,671




          (c) The fair value of collaterals for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed
          as follows:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                        2019



          Fair value of collaterals:

            - Equity securities                                                             345,971,252                 208,232,831

            - Funds                                                                         30,090,346                    4,364,467

            - Cash                                                                            15,637,131                 10,757,058

            - Debt securities                                                                  1,578,121                    433,164



          Total                                                                             393,276,850                 223,787,520




          The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management’s assessment on the credit
          rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.




322
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
37 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                   As at 31 December 2020

                                              Notional amount                                 Fair value

                                                                                       Assets                    Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives                          483,283,684                           41,333                 (1,165,435)

Currency derivatives                               69,388,949                          173,507                    (227,347)

Equity derivatives                                 238,259,561                        6,724,106                (13,243,909)



                                                                                                                                         About Us
Credit derivatives                                    436,626                                202                   (10,745)

Others                                              110,314,868                       395,648                    (576,535)



Total                                              901,683,688                       7,334,796                  (15,223,971)




Less: settlement                                                                      (39,439)                     1,825,141



Net position                                                                         7,295,357                 (13,398,830)




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                    As at 31 December 2019

                                              Notional amount                                 Fair value

                                                                                       Assets                    Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives                            187,871,177                        93,489                      (8,447)

Currency derivatives                                 3,685,733                          65,447                      (47,146)

Equity derivatives                                   98,238,017                       1,657,753                  (1,906,397)

Credit derivatives                                   2,558,479                           2,385                     (23,297)




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Others                                               64,841,228                         136,794                     (121,641)



Total                                               357,194,634                       1,955,868                  (2,106,928)




Less: settlement                                                                       (97,827)                     828,529



Net position                                                                          1,858,041                  (1,278,399)




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position in interest rate
swap contracts settling with Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures, treasury futures and certain commodity futures
trading through Huatai Futures Co., Ltd., were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments were included in
“clearing settlement funds”. Accordingly, the Group has maintained no open position for these contracts at 31 December




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively.




                                                                                                                                323
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Cash flow hedges

          The Group’s cash flow hedges consist of interest swap contracts that are used to protect against exposures to variability of
          future cash flows.

          Among the above derivative financial instruments, those designated hedging instruments in cash flow hedges are set out
          below:



                                                                                      As at 31 December 2020

                                                                        Notional amount                                                          Fair value

                                                         Over 3 months      Over 1 year but
                                      Within 3 months   but within 1 year    within 5 years       Over 5 years           Total             Assets               Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                 -                   -         1,304,980                   -     1,304,980                       -             (34,348)




          Details of the Group’s hedged risk exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                          As at 31 December 2020

                                                    Carrying amount of hedged items                 Effect of hedging           Accumulated
                                                                                                         instruments        effect of hedging
                                                                                                                                                          Line items in the
                                                                                                              on other           instruments
                                                                                                                                                              statement of
                                                                                                      comprehensive                   on other
                                                                                                                                                        financial position
                                                                                                  income during the           comprehensive
                                                             Assets                 Liabilities                 period                 income



          Bonds                                                    -                (2,611,554)              (34,348)                (34,348)           Long-term bonds




324
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
38 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                2019



Deposits with stock exchanges

  - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                     6,253,766                          6,716,642

  - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                      600,201                              11,431




                                                                                                                                              About Us
Deposits with other institutions                                                       134,429                             27,531



Total                                                                                6,988,396                         6,755,604




39 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients’ monies arising
from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients’ monies as cash held on behalf of



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised the
corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss or



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
misappropriation of their brokerage clients’ monies. In the PRC, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients for their transaction
and settlement funds is restricted and governed by relevant third-party deposit regulations issued by the CSRC. In Hong
Kong, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules
under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



40 Cash and cash balances

(a) Analysed by nature:




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                2019



Cash on hand                                                                               201                                190

Bank balances                                                                       49,652,268                         49,864,177

Less: impairment losses                                                                (1,430)                            (11,179)



Total                                                                               49,651,039                         49,853,188




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Bank balances comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
(b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses :


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020                                2019



At the beginning of the year                                                             11,179                             1,347

Charge for the year                                                                      1,268                              11,168

Reversal of impairment                                                                 (11,017)                           (1,336)



At the end of the year                                                                   1,430                              11,179




                                                                                                                                     325
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          41 Cash and cash equivalents

          (a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2020                              2019



          Cash on hand                                                                           201                               190

          Bank balances                                                                   49,570,987                       49,720,685

          Clearing settlement funds                                                        6,988,285                        6,755,433

          Financial assets held under resale agreements within 3 months                   13,474,774                       12,867,370

          Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                                7,061,738                         11,122,273

          Less: restricted bank deposits                                                 (9,449,572)                       (11,267,173)



          Total                                                                           67,646,413                       69,198,778




          The restricted bank deposits include bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months held by the Group,
          deposits reserved for VAT payable of asset management plans, minimum liquid capital restriction deposits and risk reserve
          deposits.




326
      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                       Short-term debt    Long-term      Short-term     Long-term         Lease       Share        Treasury        Capital        Retained     Non-controlling
                                           instruments        bonds      bank loans     bank loans    liabilities    capital         shares        reserve          profits          interests            Total


      At 1 January 2020                      46,425,196   64,616,358        5,724,131      850,997      962,441      9,076,65             -      70,290,533       23,178,411           3,117,229    224,241,946


      Changes from financing
       cash flows
        Proceeds from non-
                                                     -              -              -             -              -          -              -              -                -                   -               -
          controlling interests
        Proceeds from partially
          disposal of a subsidiary                   -              -              -             -              -          -              -              -                -                   -               -
          without losing control
        Proceeds from issuance              147,192,346    47,079,773     5,564,492              -              -          -              -              -                -                   -      199,836,611

        Repayment of borrowings           (149,724,988)   (14,317,131)             -      (371,748)             -          -              -              -                -                   -    (164,413,867)

        Interest paid                         (769,501)   (2,988,523)       (28,235)       (38,130)             -          -              -              -                -                   -     (3,824,389)

        Payment of lease liabilities                 -              -              -             -    (420,344)            -              -              -                -                   -       (420,344)

        Dividend paid                                -              -              -             -              -          -              -              -       (2,701,395)                  -      (2,701,395)
        Acquisition of treasury
                                                     -              -              -             -              -          -     (1,626,546)             -                -                   -     (1,626,546)
         shares


      Total changes from
                                            (3,302,143)    29,774,119      5,536,257     (409,878)    (420,344)            -     (1,626,546)             -       (2,701,395)                  -      26,850,070
        financing cash flows


      Other changes

        Interest expenses                      903,219      2,912,479        230,169        34,295       39,470            -              -              -                -                   -        4,119,632

        New leases                                   -              -              -             -      667,232            -              -              -                -                   -         667,232

        Others                                (74,884)     (249,768)       (190,698)             -              -          -              -              -                -                   -       (515,350)


      Total liability-related other
                                               828,335       2,662,711        39,471        34,295      706,702            -              -              -                -                   -        4,271,514
        changes


      Total equity-related other
        changes                                      -              -              -             -              -          -              -         459,519       8,521,602            123,306        9,104,427



      At 31 December 2020                    43,951,388    97,053,188     11,299,859       475,414    1,248,799     9,076,650    (1,626,546)     70,750,052      28,998,618          3,240,535     264,467,957




327
                                         Financial Report and                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                               Corporate Governance                                                           About Us                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                      and Strategies
328



                                      Short-term debt     Long-term       Short-term     Long-term          Lease       Share       Capital      Retained       Non-controlling
                                          instruments         bonds       bank loans     bank loans     liabilities    capital      reserve        profits            interests           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                    HUATAI SECURITIES

      At 31 December 2018                   22,074,000     62,980,730        3,015,791      1,698,769             -   8,251,500   58,859,860      19,416,104           1,356,027      177,652,781
      Impact on initial application
        of IFRS 16                                   -               -              -              -       707,224           -              -              -                   -         707,224


      At 1 January 2019                     22,074,000     62,980,730        3,015,791      1,698,769      707,224    8,251,500   58,859,860       19,416,104          1,356,027     178,360,005


      Changes from financing
       cash flows
      Proceeds from non-
                                                     -               -              -              -              -          -       (80,411)              -            977,294         896,883
        controlling interests
      Proceeds from partially
        disposal of a subsidiary                     -               -              -              -              -          -       511,660               -            654,228         1,165,888
        without losing control
      Proceeds from issuance                103,166,070    30,989,005       2,708,340              -              -     825,150     10,761,511             -                   -     148,450,076

      Repayment of borrowings              (77,971,589)   (29,464,480)              -      (847,772)              -          -              -              -                   -    (108,283,841)

      Interest paid                          (488,317)     (2,732,056)       (80,915)       (87,520)              -          -              -              -                   -     (3,388,808)

      Payment of lease liabilities                   -               -              -              -     (321,399)           -              -              -                   -       (321,399)

      Dividend paid                                  -               -              -              -              -          -              -    (2,722,995)              (648)      (2,723,643)

      Other borrowing costs paid                     -               -              -              -              -          -     (126,036)               -                   -       (126,036)


      Total changes from
                                            24,706,164      (1,207,531)     2,627,425      (935,292)     (321,399)      825,150    11,066,724    (2,722,995)           1,630,874      35,669,120
        financing cash flows


      Other changes

      Interest expenses                        750,491       2,649,316         65,074         87,520        30,144            -             -              -                   -       3,582,545

      New leases                                     -               -              -              -      546,472             -             -              -                   -        546,472

      Others                                (1,105,459)        193,843          15,841              -             -           -             -              -                   -       (895,775)


      Total liability-related other
                                             (354,968)       2,843,159         80,915         87,520       576,616            -             -              -                   -       3,233,242
        changes


      Total equity-related other
        changes                                      -               -              -               -             -           -     363,949       6,485,302              130,328       6,979,579



      At 31 December 2019                   46,425,196      64,616,358       5,724,131       850,997       962,441    9,076,650   70,290,533       23,178,411           3,117,229    224,241,946
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
42 Short-term bank loans


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                         2020                                       2019



Credit loans                                                                       11,194,654                                  5,455,353

Pledged loans                                                                          105,205                                   268,778



Total                                                                              11,299,859                                    5,724,131



                                                                                                                                                      About Us
As of 31 December 2020, the interest rates for short-term loans were 1.28% - 1.92% per annum (as of 31 December 2019: 2.74%
- 6.15% per annum).



43 Short-term debt instruments issued

As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Name                                  Par value      Issuance date          Due date               Issue amount     Nominal interest rate




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                               Original currency                                                Original currency



19 HUATAI CP005                   RMB5,000,000           11/10/2019        09/01/2020              RMB5,000,000                    2.83%

19 HUATAI CP006                   RMB5,000,000           14/11/2019        12/02/2020              RMB5,000,000                    3.05%

19 HUATAI CP007                   RMB5,000,000          06/12/2019         05/03/2020              RMB5,000,000                    3.02%

20 HUATAI CP001                   RMB6,000,000          06/01/2020         05/04/2020              RMB6,000,000                    2.80%

20 HUATAI CP002                   RMB5,000,000          10/02/2020         10/05/2020              RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

20 HUATAI CP003                    RMB3,000,000         27/02/2020         27/05/2020              RMB3,000,000                    2.39%




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
20 HUATAI CP004                   RMB4,000,000         06/03/2020          04/06/2020              RMB4,000,000                    2.31%

20 HUATAI CP005                   RMB4,000,000         09/06/2020          28/08/2020              RMB4,000,000                    1.90%

20 HUATAI CP006                   RMB4,000,000          16/06/2020         14/09/2020              RMB4,000,000                    2.20%

20 HUATAI CP007                   RMB4,000,000          15/07/2020          13/10/2020             RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

20 HUATAI CP008                    RMB3,000,000         14/08/2020          12/11/2020             RMB3,000,000                    2.62%

20 HUATAI CP009                   RMB4,000,000          15/09/2020          14/12/2020             RMB4,000,000                    2.70%

20 HUATAI CP010                   RMB5,000,000          15/12/2020          15/03/2021             RMB5,000,000                    2.94%

20 HUATAI G5                       RMB2,300,000         18/06/2020          18/06/2021              RMB2,300,000                   2.58%

20 HUATAI S1                      RMB5,500,000          31/08/2020          31/08/2021             RMB5,500,000                    3.10%

20 HUATAI S2                       RMB1,500,000         31/08/2020         28/05/2021               RMB1,500,000                   3.05%

20 HUATAI S3                      RMB5,000,000          11/09/2020          11/08/2021             RMB5,000,000                    3.20%




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
20 HUATAI S4                      RMB4,000,000          17/09/2020          17/04/2021             RMB4,000,000                    3.15%

HUATAI B2111                          USD50,000         27/11/2020          26/11/2021                 USD50,000                   0.50%

Structured notes (1)              RMB20,070,414            Note (1)           Note (1)             RMB20,070,414                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                       Book value as at                                                                               Book value as at
          Name                          1 January 2020                          Increase                       Decrease             31 December 2020
                                                    RMB                              RMB                            RMB                          RMB
                                              equivalent                       equivalent                     equivalent                   equivalent



          19 HUATAI CP005                       5,031,401                           3,394                     (5,034,795)                            -

          19 HUATAI CP006                       5,019,637                           17,863                    (5,037,500)                            -

          19 HUATAI CP007                       5,011,043                          26,088                      (5,037,131)                           -

          20 HUATAI CP001                               -                       6,039,475                     (6,039,475)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP002                               -                       5,032,582                     (5,032,582)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP003                               -                        3,012,538                    (3,012,538)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP004                               -                       4,022,784                     (4,022,784)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP005                               -                        4,011,036                     (4,011,036)                           -

          20 HUATAI CP006                               -                        4,021,699                    (4,021,699)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP007                               -                        4,021,797                    (4,021,797)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP008                               -                        3,017,012                     (3,017,012)                           -

          20 HUATAI CP009                               -                       4,022,784                     (4,022,784)                            -

          20 HUATAI CP010                               -                       5,006,847                               -                    5,006,847

          20 HUATAI G5                                  -                        2,331,813                              -                     2,331,813

          20 HUATAI S1                                  -                       5,557,300                               -                    5,557,300

          20 HUATAI S2                                  -                        1,515,375                              -                     1,515,375

          20 HUATAI S3                                  -                       5,053,333                               -                    5,053,333

          20 HUATAI S4                                  -                       4,042,000                               -                    4,042,000

          HUATAI B2111                                  -                         323,745                               -                      323,745

          Structured notes (1)                  31,363,115                      86,941,216                   (98,183,356)                    20,120,975



          Total                                46,425,196                      148,020,681                  (150,494,489)                   43,951,388




          As at 31 December 2019



          Name                            Par value          Issuance date                    Due date           Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                          Original currency



          18 HUATAI D1                 RMB4,600,000              11/06/2018                   11/06/2019           RMB4,600,000                  5.00%

          FRGN                            USD50,000               28/11/2018                  28/11/2019              USD50,000                   4.61%

          19 HUATAI CP001              RMB3,000,000             29/04/2019                   29/07/2019            RMB3,000,000                  3.00%

          19 HUATAI CP002              RMB3,000,000              10/07/2019                  09/10/2019            RMB3,000,000                  2.60%

          19 HUATAI CP003              RMB4,000,000             08/08/2019                    06/11/2019           RMB4,000,000                  2.70%

          19 HUATAI CP004              RMB2,000,000              12/09/2019                    11/12/2019          RMB2,000,000                  2.78%

          19 HUATAI CP005              RMB5,000,000               11/10/2019                 09/01/2020           RMB5,000,000                   2.83%

          19 HUATAI CP006              RMB5,000,000               14/11/2019                 12/02/2020           RMB5,000,000                   3.05%

          19 HUATAI CP007              RMB5,000,000              06/12/2019                  05/03/2020           RMB5,000,000                   3.02%

          Structured notes (1)        RMB31,298,880                 Note (1)                    Note (1)          RMB31,298,880                Note (1)




330
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                              Book value as at                                                  Book value as at
Name                                            1 January 2019       Increase                   Decrease       31 December 2019
                                                           RMB            RMB                       RMB                     RMB
                                                     equivalent     equivalent                equivalent              equivalent



18 HUATAI D1                                           4,727,918        95,693                   (4,823,611)                    -

FRGN                                                    344,636         22,883                    (367,519)                     -

19 HUATAI CP001                                                -      3,022,438                 (3,022,438)                     -

19 HUATAI CP002                                                -      3,019,447                 (3,019,447)                     -

19 HUATAI CP003                                                -     4,026,630                  (4,026,630)                     -

19 HUATAI CP004                                                -       2,013,710                 (2,013,710)                    -


                                                                                                                                              About Us
19 HUATAI CP005                                                -       5,031,401                          -              5,031,401

19 HUATAI CP006                                                -      5,019,637                           -             5,019,637

19 HUATAI CP007                                                -       5,011,043                          -              5,011,043

Structured notes (1)                                  16,051,446    76,498,220                  (61,186,551)            31,363,115



Total                                                  21,124,000    103,761,102           (78,459,906)                46,425,196




                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
(1) In 2020, the Company has issued 3,712 tranches (2019: 4,324 tranches) of structured notes, bearing interest ranging from
2.40% to 6.58% per annum (2019: 2.80% to 6.58% per annum), repayable within 1 year. Structured notes repayable more than
1 year are classified as “Long-term bonds” (Note 52).


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
44 Placements from other financial institutions


Current



                                                                                      As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                                       2020                                 2019



Placements from banks                                                               4,815,236                           5,352,126

Placements from China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                                         -                            6,010,472



Total                                                                               4,815,236                           11,362,598




As at 31 December 2020, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 0.50% - 3.15% per annum, with
maturities within 76 days (as at 31 December 2019: bearing interest of 1.90% - 3.00% per annum, with maturities within 3
days), and the placements from China Securities Finance Co., Ltd. are secured by the securities investment held by the




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Group (as at 31 December 2019: bearing interest of 3.25% per annum, with maturities within 177 days).




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     331
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          45 Accounts payable to brokerage clients

          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                             2019



          Clients’ deposits for brokerage trading                                            118,432,619                      78,876,364

          Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending                      17,955,015                        10,941,556



          Total                                                                             136,387,634                        89,817,920




          Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
          mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
          the prevailing interest rate.

          The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
          brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
          business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and
          cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

          No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
          value in view of the nature of these businesses.



          46 Employee benefits payable

          Non-current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                             2019



          Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                     6,974,615                        6,360,633




          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020                             2019



          Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                    3,838,638                         2,535,969

          Contribution to pension scheme                                                          2,445                              633

          Other social welfare                                                                  315,812                            37,151



          Total                                                                               4,156,895                         2,573,753




332
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
47 Other payables and accruals

Non-current



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2020                             2019



Lease liabilities                                                                   850,730                          605,958




                                                                                                                                          About Us
(1) During the year of 2020, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(20)(i), the Group has elected not to
recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short-term leases, which amounted to
RMB78 million (2019: RMB80 million).

(2) As at 31 December 2020, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are
insignificant.

Current




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2020                             2019




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Payables to interest holders of consolidated structured entities(1)               59,032,383                        72,790,316

Trade payable                                                                     36,314,244                        8,734,439

Settlement payables                                                                 5,131,183                        1,350,093

Payable to open-ended funds                                                         1,810,719                        869,580

Dividend payable of pledged exchangeable bond                                       1,178,430                         757,334

Other tax payable                                                                   674,394                           740,239

Lease liabilities                                                                   398,069                           356,483




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Fee and commission payable                                                          260,483                           129,722

Futures risk reserve                                                                 144,622                          123,904

Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                    57,173                           43,482

Payable for office building construction                                              56,571                           58,404

Dividend payable                                                                      28,192                            24,192

Redemption payables                                                                   27,215                           66,548

Others(2)                                                                           766,633                           791,890



Total                                                                             105,880,311                      86,836,626




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
(1) The financial liabilities arising from the consolidated structured entities with underlying investments in money market
and fixed income instruments are classified as other payables and accruals in these consolidated financial statements. It is
because the Group has an obligation to pay other investors upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on the net




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
book value and related terms of those consolidated asset management schemes.

(2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
of business.




                                                                                                                                 333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          48 Contract liabilities


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2020                      2019



          Advance consideration received from customers                                      92,366                    19,179




          49 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements

          (a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2020                      2019



          Debt securities                                                                111,403,580              93,280,267

          Precious metal                                                                 18,564,573                 14,231,197

          Equity securities                                                               9,631,494                 1,206,743

          Margin loans receivable backed repurchase                                         300,321                 1,000,838



          Total                                                                         139,899,968               109,719,045




          As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements amounted to RMB158,284 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB120,334 million).


          (b) Analysed by market:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2020                      2019



          Shanghai stock exchange                                                        47,838,283                41,007,228

          Inter-bank market                                                              45,930,433                46,157,634

          Over-the-counter                                                                 37,114,141              16,438,778

          Shenzhen stock exchange                                                           9,017,111               6,115,405



          Total                                                                         139,899,968               109,719,045




334
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
50 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020                               2019



Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                 3,185,296                          2,690,563




                                                                                                                                              About Us
Current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020                               2019



Financial liabilities held for trading                                                11,469,173                         4,586,478

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                   727,061                            103,142




                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Total                                                                                 12,196,234                         4,689,620




                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equities are
designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors or limited
partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those consolidated
asset management schemes or private equity funds.

As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
credit risk of the Group, respectively.




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Long-term bonds due within one year

          As at 31 December 2020



          Name                            Par value          Issuance date                   Due date         Issue amount    Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                      Original currency



          16 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,500,000             06/12/2016                   06/12/2021       RMB2,500,000                   3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000               14/12/2016                  14/12/2021       RMB3,000,000                   3.97%

          17 HUATAI 02                RMB2,000,000              24/02/2017                  24/02/2020        RMB2,000,000                   4.65%

          17 HUATAI 04                RMB6,000,000              15/05/2017                  15/05/2020        RMB6,000,000                   5.25%

          17 HUATAI C2                RMB5,000,000              27/07/2017                  27/07/2020        RMB5,000,000                   4.95%

          18 HUATAI C1                 RMB1,000,000             15/03/2018                  15/03/2020         RMB1,000,000                  5.65%

          18 HUATAI C2                RMB2,800,000              10/05/2018                  10/05/2021        RMB2,800,000                   5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                RMB3,000,000               26/11/2018                  26/11/2021       RMB3,000,000                   3.88%

          HUATAI B2006                    USD14,757             30/05/2019                  02/06/2020            USD14,757                  4.00%

          Structured notes(1)            RMB190,360                Note (1)                    Note (1)          RMB190,360                Note (1)




                                        Book value as at                                                                          Book value as at
          Name                           1 January 2020                        Increase                     Decrease            31 December 2020
                                                    RMB                             RMB                         RMB                          RMB
                                              equivalent                      equivalent                  equivalent                   equivalent



          16 HUATAI G2                                  -                       2,603,101                    (94,500)                     2,508,601

          16 HUATAI G4                                  -                       3,125,454                    (119,100)                   3,006,354

          17 HUATAI 02                          2,078,732                          7,750                  (2,086,482)                            -

          17 HUATAI 04                          6,198,493                        105,000                  (6,303,493)                            -

          17 HUATAI C2                           5,107,815                        123,750                  (5,231,565)                           -

          18 HUATAI C1                          1,044,090                          9,497                   (1,053,587)                           -

          18 HUATAI C2                                  -                      3,039,342                    (145,600)                    2,893,742

          18 HUATAI G1                                  -                       3,126,579                    (116,400)                    3,010,179

          HUATAI B2006                            105,345                          3,305                    (108,650)                            -

          Structured notes(1)                     182,058                          11,448                   (183,489)                        10,017



          Total                                14,716,533                      12,155,226                 (15,442,866)                   11,428,893




336
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
As at 31 December 2019



Name                                 Par value          Issuance date                     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                              Original currency                                                        Original currency



HUATAI B1910                        USD400,000              08/10/2014                    08/10/2019         USD399,665                  3.625%

16 HUATAI C1                      RMB5,000,000              14/10/2016                    14/10/2021       RMB5,000,000                   3.30%

16 HUATAI G1                      RMB3,500,000              06/12/2016                    06/12/2019       RMB3,500,000                    3.57%

16 HUATAI G3                      RMB5,000,000               14/12/2016                   14/12/2019       RMB5,000,000                    3.79%




                                                                                                                                                             About Us
17 HUATAI 02                      RMB2,000,000              24/02/2017                   24/02/2020        RMB2,000,000                   4.65%

17 HUATAI 03                      RMB4,000,000              15/05/2017                    15/05/2019       RMB4,000,000                   5.00%

17 HUATAI 04                      RMB6,000,000              15/05/2017                   15/05/2020        RMB6,000,000                   5.25%

17 HUATAI C2                      RMB5,000,000              27/07/2017                   27/07/2020        RMB5,000,000                   4.95%

17 HUATAI 06                      RMB5,000,000               19/10/2017                  19/04/2019        RMB5,000,000                   4.98%

18 HUATAI C1                      RMB1,000,000              15/03/2018                   15/03/2020         RMB1,000,000                  5.65%

HUATAI B2006                          USD14,757            30/05/2019                    02/06/2020            USD14,757                  4.00%

Structured notes(1)                 RMB180,360                 Note(1)                       Note(1)          RMB180,360                 Note(1)




                                  Book value as at                                                                            Book value as at
                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Name                                1 January 2019                         Increase                    Decrease              31 December 2019
                                               RMB                              RMB                          RMB                           RMB
                                         equivalent                       equivalent                   equivalent                    equivalent



HUATAI B1910                               2,767,406                          184,300                   (2,951,706)                            -

16 HUATAI C1                                       -                        5,159,462                  (5,159,462)                             -

16 HUATAI G1                               3,508,901                          116,620                   (3,625,521)                            -

16 HUATAI G3                               5,009,345                           181,078                 (5,190,423)                             -

17 HUATAI 02                                       -                         2,171,732                    (93,000)                     2,078,732




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
17 HUATAI 03                                4,126,575                         66,667                    (4,193,242)                            -

17 HUATAI 04                                       -                        6,513,493                    (315,000)                     6,198,493

17 HUATAI C2                                       -                        5,355,315                    (247,500)                      5,107,815

17 HUATAI 06                               5,049,800                          62,250                    (5,112,050)                            -

18 HUATAI C1                                       -                         1,100,590                    (56,500)                     1,044,090

HUATAI B2006                                       -                          105,345                            -                       105,345

Structured notes(1)                        4,382,589                          228,301                  (4,428,832)                       182,058



Total                                     24,844,616                        21,245,153                 (31,373,236)                    14,716,533




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(1) As at 31 December 2020, RMB10.02 million of structured notes would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2019:
RMB182.06 million).




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                    337
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          52 Long-term bonds

          As at 31 December 2020



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                  Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                RMB6,000,000        05/06/2013    05/06/2023       RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

          16 HUATAI G2                RMB2,500,000        06/12/2016     06/12/2021      RMB2,500,000                    3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000         14/12/2016    14/12/2021      RMB3,000,000                    3.97%

          18 HUATAI C2                RMB2,800,000        10/05/2018    10/05/2021       RMB2,800,000                    5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                RMB3,000,000         26/11/2018    26/11/2021      RMB3,000,000                    3.88%

          18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000        26/11/2018    26/11/2023       RMB1,000,000                   4.17%

          19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000       19/03/2019    19/03/2022        RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000        22/04/2019    22/04/2022       RMB5,000,000                    3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                RMB5,000,000        27/05/2019    27/05/2022       RMB5,000,000                    3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                RMB4,000,000        24/10/2019    24/10/2022       RMB4,000,000                    3.68%

          19 Finance 01               RMB6,000,000        21/08/2019    21/08/2022       RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

          20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020    13/11/2025      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

          20 HUATAI G1                RMB8,000,000       26/03/2020     26/03/2023       RMB8,000,000                    2.99%

          20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000       29/04/2020     29/04/2025       RMB3,500,000                    2.90%

          20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000        21/05/2020    21/05/2025       RMB3,000,000                    3.20%

          20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000       18/06/2020    18/06/2023        RMB3,200,000                   3.10%

          20 HUATAI G7                RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020     24/11/2023      RMB3,500,000                    3.90%

          20 HUATAI G8                RMB4,000,000        09/12/2020    09/12/2022       RMB4,000,000                    3.67%

          20 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000        09/12/2020    09/12/2023       RMB4,000,000                    3.79%

          20 HUATAI 02                RMB10,000,000      24/07/2020     24/07/2022       RMB10,000,000                   3.20%

          HUATAIB2205                   USD500,000        16/05/2019    16/05/2022         USD500,000                    3.38%

          HUATAIB2302                   USD400,000        12/02/2020    12/02/2023         USD400,000             LIBOR+0.95%

          Structured notes (1)           RMB312,000          Note (1)      Note (1)         RMB312,000                 Note (1)




338
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                      Book value as at                                   Book value as at
Name                   1 January 2020      Increase      Decrease      31 December 2020
                                 RMB            RMB           RMB                   RMB
                           equivalent     equivalent    equivalent            equivalent



13 HUATAI 02                  6,170,097      307,393      (306,000)              6,171,490

16 HUATAI G2                  2,507,113            -     (2,507,113)                    -

16 HUATAI G4                 3,006,353             -    (3,006,353)                     -

18 HUATAI C2                 2,892,934             -    (2,892,934)                     -

18 HUATAI G1                 3,009,336             -    (3,009,336)                     -

18 HUATAI G2                  1,003,252        41,861      (41,700)              1,003,413


                                                                                                      About Us
19 HUATAI G1                  7,196,883      259,765      (257,600)             7,199,048

19 HUATAI G3                  5,128,000       191,536     (190,000)             5,129,536

19 HUATAI 02                  5,114,007      198,532      (197,000)              5,115,539

19 HUATAI 03                 4,023,800       148,407      (147,200)             4,025,007

19 Finance 01                 6,071,533      204,920      (204,000)             6,072,453

20 HUATAI C1                         -     5,029,728        (4,670)             5,025,058

20 HUATAI G1                         -      8,185,109       (7,472)              8,177,637

20 HUATAI G3                         -     3,568,645        (3,269)             3,565,376




                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI G4                         -      3,059,161       (2,802)             3,056,359

20 HUATAI G6                         -     3,253,475        (2,750)             3,250,725

20 HUATAI G7                         -      3,513,826        (1,090)             3,512,736



                                                                                                    and Strategies
20 HUATAI G8                         -     4,008,844          (778)             4,008,066

20 HUATAI G9                         -      4,009,221         (778)             4,008,443

20 HUATAI 02                         -     10,140,808       (8,376)             10,132,432

HUATAIB2205                   3,497,217        12,183     (234,976)             3,274,424

HUATAIB2302                          -      2,831,582     (220,028)              2,611,554

Structured notes(1)            279,300        38,000        (32,301)             284,999




                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Total                       49,899,825    49,002,996    (13,278,526)           85,624,295




                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                             339
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2019



          Name                            Par value          Issuance date                     Due date         Issue amount      Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                        Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                 RMB6,000,000             05/06/2013                    05/06/2023         RMB6,000,000                     5.10%

          16 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000              14/10/2016                    14/10/2021        RMB5,000,000                     3.30%

          16 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,500,000              06/12/2016                    06/12/2021        RMB2,500,000                     3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000               14/12/2016                   14/12/2021        RMB3,000,000                     3.97%

          17 HUATAI 02                 RMB2,000,000              24/02/2017                   24/02/2020         RMB2,000,000                    4.65%

          17 HUATAI 04                 RMB6,000,000              15/05/2017                   15/05/2020         RMB6,000,000                    5.25%

          17 HUATAI C2                 RMB5,000,000              27/07/2017                   27/07/2020         RMB5,000,000                    4.95%

          18 HUATAI C1                 RMB1,000,000              15/03/2018                   15/03/2020          RMB1,000,000                   5.65%

          18 HUATAI C2                 RMB2,800,000              10/05/2018                    10/05/2021        RMB2,800,000                    5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                 RMB3,000,000              26/11/2018                    26/11/2021        RMB3,000,000                    3.88%

          18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000              26/11/2018                    26/11/2023         RMB1,000,000                    4.17%

          19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000              19/03/2019                   19/03/2022         RMB7,000,000                    3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000             22/04/2019                    22/04/2022         RMB5,000,000                    3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                 RMB5,000,000             27/05/2019                    27/05/2022         RMB5,000,000                    3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                 RMB4,000,000              24/10/2019                   24/10/2022         RMB4,000,000                    3.68%

          19 Finance 01                RMB6,000,000              21/08/2019                   21/08/2022         RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

          HUATAI B2006                     USD14,757            30/05/2019                    02/06/2020              USD14,757                  4.00%

          HUATAI B2205                   USD500,000              16/05/2019                   16/05/2022           USD500,000                    3.38%

          Structured notes (1)           RMB279,300                 Note (1)                     Note (1)           RMB279,300                 Note (1)




                                       Book value as at                                                                              Book value as at
          Name                           1 January 2019                         Increase                     Decrease               31 December 2019
                                                    RMB                              RMB                          RMB                             RMB
                                              equivalent                       equivalent                   equivalent                      equivalent



          13 HUATAI 02                          6,168,633                         307,464                     (306,000)                       6,170,097

          16 HUATAI C1                           5,035,712                         82,500                      (5,118,212)                            -

          16 HUATAI G2                          2,506,732                           94,881                     (94,500)                        2,507,113

          16 HUATAI G4                          3,005,873                          119,580                      (119,100)                     3,006,353

          17 HUATAI 02                          2,078,732                                -                   (2,078,732)                              -

          17 HUATAI 04                          6,198,493                                -                   (6,198,493)                              -

          17 HUATAI C2                           5,107,815                               -                    (5,107,815)                             -

          18 HUATAI C1                           1,041,554                               -                    (1,041,554)                             -

          18 HUATAI C2                          2,891,369                          147,165                     (145,600)                      2,892,934

          18 HUATAI G1                           3,008,192                         117,544                     (116,400)                      3,009,336

          18 HUATAI G2                          1,003,009                           41,943                      (41,700)                      1,003,252

          19 HUATAI G1                                  -                        7,204,147                       (7,264)                      7,196,883

          19 HUATAI G3                                  -                        5,132,527                       (4,527)                      5,128,000

          19 HUATAI 02                                  -                         5,118,534                      (4,527)                       5,114,007

          19 HUATAI 03                                  -                        4,027,951                         (4,151)                    4,023,800

          19 Finance 01                                 -                        6,074,363                       (2,830)                      6,071,533

          HUATAI B2006                                  -                          105,345                     (105,345)                              -

          HUATAI B2205                                  -                        3,497,217                              -                      3,497,217

          Structured notes(1)                           -                          461,075                      (181,775)                      279,300



          Total                                 38,046,114                      32,532,236                  (20,678,525)                    49,899,825




340
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(1) The Company has issued 4 tranches of long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2020 (as at 31
December 2019: 21 tranches). As at 31 December 2020, 2 tranches of long-term structured notes due within one year are
classified as “Long-term bonds due within one year” (as at 31 December 2019: 12 tranches) (Note 51).



53 Long-term bank loans


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020                           2019




                                                                                                                                      About Us
Credit bank loans                                                                    475,414                       850,997

Less: credit bank loans due within one year                                               -                              -



Total                                                                                475,414                       850,997




On 14 November 2018, the Group executed a Loan and Security Agreement with Credit Suisse for USD250 million term loan
and secured a revolving line of credit that permit the Group to borrow up to USD20 million, interest on amounts borrowed
under the term loan and line of credit equal to LIBOR plus 3.50%.


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
On 26 July 2019, the Group made USD125 million repayment of the aforementioned loan in advance. The loan was repaid in



                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
full on 30 December 2020.

On 30 December 2020, the Group entered into a Credit Agreement with Bank of Montreal for a senior secured credit facility
and the Group drew down the long-term bank loan under the Revolving Credit Facility on 30 December 2020.




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             341
342



      54 Share capital, reserves and retained profits
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:




                                                                                                                       Reserves
                                                                   Treasury                                                              Fair value    Translation
                                          Note   Share capital                  Capital reserve   Surplus reserve    General reserve                                  Retained profits         Total
                                                                     shares                                                                reserve        reserve



      As at 1 January 2020                           9,076,650             -         69,229,337          5,118,691        10,449,289       203,556           18,981         16,159,562    110,256,066



      Changes in equity for 2020



      Profit for the year                                    -             -                  -                 -                   -             -              -           5,923,763     5,923,763

      Other comprehensive income                             -             -                  -                 -                   -        119,618             -                   -         119,618



      Total comprehensive income                             -             -                  -                 -                   -        119,618             -           5,923,763      6,043,381



      Acquisition of treasury shares                         -    (1,626,546)                 -                 -                   -             -              -                   -    (1,626,546)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                       -             -                  -           592,376                   -             -              -           (592,376)               -

      Appropriation to general reserve                       -             -                  -                 -            1,185,106            -              -          (1,185,106)              -

      Dividends declared for the year                        -             -                  -                 -                   -             -              -         (2,701,395)    (2,701,395)

      Others                                                 -             -                  5                 -                   -             -              -                   -               5




      As at 31 December 2020             63          9,076,650    (1,626,546)        69,229,342          5,711,067         11,634,395       323,174          18,981         17,604,448      111,971,511
                                                                   Reserves
                                         Note     Share capital         Capital reserve    Surplus reserve     General reserve    Fair value reserve   Translation reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2019                             8,251,500              58,621,923         4,489,830            9,191,569            (257,250)                 18,981          14,480,535    94,797,088



      Changes in equity for 2019



      Profit for the year                                     -                       -                   -                  -                     -                     -            6,288,603     6,288,603

      Other comprehensive income                              -                       -                   -                  -              460,806                      -                    -      460,806



      Total comprehensive income                              -                       -                   -                  -              460,806                      -            6,288,603     6,749,409



      Issuance of A share                               825,150               10,523,093                  -                  -                     -                     -                    -     11,348,243

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                        -                       -            628,861                   -                     -                     -            (628,861)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                        -                       -                   -           1,257,720                    -                     -           (1,257,720)            -

      Dividends declared for the year                         -                       -                   -                  -                     -                     -          (2,722,995)    (2,722,995)

      Other                                                   -                   84,321                  -                  -                     -                     -                    -         84,321



      As at 31 December 2019              63          9,076,650               69,229,337           5,118,691         10,449,289             203,556                  18,981           16,159,562   110,256,066




343
                                     Financial Report and                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                              Corporate Governance                                                                  About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                   Documents for Inspection                                                            and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Share capital

          All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company’s number
          of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                                       As at 31 December 2020                            As at 31 December 2019

                                                         Number                                           Number
                                                        of shares               Nominal value            of shares                Nominal value

                                                     (Thousand)                                        (Thousand)



          Registered, issued and fully paid:

            A shares of RMB1 each                       7,357,604                    7,357,604            7,357,604                    7,357,604

            H shares of RMB1 each                        1,719,046                    1,719,046            1,719,046                    1,719,046



          Total                                         9,076,650                    9,076,650            9,076,650                    9,076,650




          On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
          Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H
          shares.

          According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company
          have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security
          Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

          In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

          On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
          and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
          additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,
          representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
          after the change is RMB9,076,650,000.

          The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
          receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.


          (c) Treasury shares

          On 30 March 2020, the fifth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company approved the Resolution on
          Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding, planned to repurchase no less than 45,383,250 A shares and no
          more than 90,766,500 A shares in the next 12 months, which will be used for restricted share incentive scheme of A shares.

          As of 31 December 2020, 88,090,995 A shares had been purchased by the Company from the Shanghai Stock Exchange by
          centralised bidding.


          (d) Capital reserve

          Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
          and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
          carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.


          (e) Surplus reserve

          Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
          surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.

          Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted
          into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the




344
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


(f) General reserve

General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to
the general risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose
of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.
                                                                                                                                           About Us
In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk
Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
income to the general risk reserve.

The Company’s subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.


(g) Fair value reserve


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
The fair value reserve comprises:




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
The cumulative net change in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and

The cumulative net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.


(h) Cash flow hedge reserve

The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(i) Translation reserve

The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign operations.


(j) Dividends

Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 18 June 2020, on 16 July 2020, the Company
distributed cash dividends of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares, totalling RMB2,701 million based on 9,004,649,966 shares,
the actual number of shares entitled to the dividend distribution (exclusive of A shares of the Company in the repurchased
securities account).




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          55 Commitments

          (a) Capital commitments

          Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 not provided for in the consolidated
          financial statements were as follows:



                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                            2020                                     2019



          Contracted, but not provided for                                               1,888,359                               3,700,000




          The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent the land use right purchase commitments, the securities
          underwriting commitments and the private equity fund investment commitments of the Group.



          56 Interests in structured entities

          (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

          Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly include asset management schemes where the Group involves as
          manager or investment consultant and also as investor, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it
          holds together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management
          product to a level of such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

          As at 31 December 2020, the Group consolidates 47 structured entities (as at 31 December 2019 the Group consolidates
          42 structured entities), which are mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019,
          the total assets of the consolidated structured entities are RMB96,479 million and RMB93,747 million, respectively, and the
          carrying amount of interests held by the Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB34,831 million and RMB18,208
          million, respectively.


          (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

          Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
          reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
          set out in Note 56(a), the Group’s exposure to the variable returns in the structured entities in which the Group has interest
          are not significant. The Group therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

          As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by
          the Group amounted to RMB542,764 million and RMB663,098 million, respectively. As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December
          2019, the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB1,809 million
          and RMB2,070 million, respectively.

          During the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, income derived from these unconsolidated structured
          entities held by the Group amounted to RMB999 million and RMB834 million, respectively.


          (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

          The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds interests include funds, asset
          management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued by banks or other financial institutions.
          The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors.
          These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.

          The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statement of financial position is equal to the maximum
          exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
          as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, which are listed as below:




346
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                           As at 31 December 2020

                             Financial assets at FVTPL       Financial assets at FVOCI         Total



Funds                                       23,800,198                               -    23,800,198

Wealth management products                   10,102,553                     10,586,865    20,689,418



Total                                       33,902,751                      10,586,865    44,489,616




                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                           As at 31 December 2019

                             Financial assets at FVTPL       Financial assets at FVOCI         Total



Funds                                         28,119,817                             -      28,119,817

Wealth management products                    6,406,221                      10,254,673   16,660,894



Total                                       34,526,038                       10,254,673    44,780,711




                                                                                                               Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                and Strategies




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         347
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          57 Outstanding litigations

          From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
          proceedings. As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, based on the court rulings, advices from legal representatives
          and management judgement, no provision had been made to the claim amounts. The Group is of the opinion the final
          court judgement will not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or operations. As at 31 December 2020,
          the major legal actions of the Group as the defendant are listed below:

          During the year of 2020, the Group’s subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (“Huatai United Securities”) received the
          Notice of Legal Action and relevant litigation materials sent by the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. The plaintiffs,
          China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Rongtong Capital Management Co., Ltd. and CITIC Trust Co.,
          Ltd., who failed to fully cash its investment in “2015 public issuance of corporate bonds of Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd. to
          qualified investors with no more than RMB2.5 billion”, sued to the Court to require the lead underwriter of the bond (the first
          defendant) and Huatai United Securities, the co-lead underwriter of the bond (the second defendant), to bear joint and
          several liability for compensation. The claim amount was RMB687 million. At the date of this report, the case has not yet
          been heard. According to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has not
          accrued any estimated liabilities for the claim amount.

          During the year of 2020, the Group’s subsidiary Huatai United Securities received the Notice of Legal Action and relevant
          litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to fully
          cash its investment in “Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities”, sued to the Court to require the manager (the
          first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
          defendant) and Huatai United Securities, the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability for
          compensation. The claim amount was RMB598 million. At the date of this report, the case has not yet been heard. According
          to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has not accrued any estimated
          liabilities for the claim amount.



          58 Related party relationships and transactions

          (a) Relationship of related parties

          (i) Major shareholders

          The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group’s major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
          in Note 58(b)(i).

          (ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.

          (iii) Associates of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s associates is set out in Note 25.

          (iv) Joint ventures of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

          (v) Other related parties

          Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include members of the Board of Directors, the Board of
          Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.




348
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(b) Related parties transactions and balances

(i) Transactions between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                   2020                               2019



Balances at the end of the year:



Financial assets at FVTPL                                                         341,337                           244,897


                                                                                                                                         About Us
Debt investment at amortised cost                                                 62,039                            301,725

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                             43,407                              18,708

Other payables and accruals                                                         3,211                               3,211




                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                   2020                               2019




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Transactions during the year:




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Fee and commission income                                                          9,075                              19,164

Net investment gains                                                              16,992                               5,124

Interest income                                                                     5,011                             5,679

Interest expenses                                                                    1,181                            4,886




During the year of 2020, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB135 million.
During the year of 2019, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB86 million.




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
During the year of 2020 and 2019, the major shareholders’ subsidiaries subscribed the corporate bonds issued by the Group
amounting to RMB20 million and nil, respectively.

During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has made repurchase agreements with major shareholders and their
subsidiaries for the total amount of nil and RMB1,989 million, respectively.

During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with major shareholders
and their subsidiaries for the total amounts of RMB2,500 million and RMB7,200 million, respectively.

(ii) Transactions between the Group and associates:




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                   2020                               2019



Balances at the end of the year:




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Cash and bank balances                                                            277,361                           208,253

Right-of-use assets                                                               130,112                            98,835

Accounts receivable                                                              138,386                             127,819

Other receivables and prepayments                                                    368                                353

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           8,681                             61,186

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                              12,553                             7,390

Placements from other financial institutions                                      500,211                          1,000,000

Short-term debt instruments issued                                              1,154,502                           872,450

Lease liabilities                                                                137,850                             98,767

Contract liabilities                                                                 643                                   -




                                                                                                                                349
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2020                                      2019



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                   237,706                                  229,586

          Interest income                                                               7,764                                    4,995

          Net investment (losses) / gains                                            (31,993)                                  89,660

          Fee and commission expenses                                                   2,077                                        -

          Other income and gains                                                        7,601                                   10,098

          Interest expenses                                                            14,396                                   19,583




          During the year of 2020, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by associates for RMB245 million. During the year of
          2019, the Group has subscribed the bonds issued by associates for RMB254 million.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the associates subscribed the corporate bonds issued by the Group amounting to
          RMB390 million and nil, respectively.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the capital injection made by the Group into the associates are RMB889 million and
          RMB472 million, respectively. During the year of 2020 and 2019, the divestment made by the Group from the associates are
          RMB1,516 million and RMB196 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has made repurchase agreements with associates for the total amount of
          RMB130,925 million and RMB57,267 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with associates for the
          total amount of RMB98,200 million and RMB96,000 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has received dividends from associates for the total amounts of RMB768 million
          and RMB828 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2020 and 2019, the Group has paid rental fee to associates for the total amounts of RMB32 million and
          RMB25 million, respectively.

          (iii) Transactions between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                       2020                                      2019



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Other receivables and prepayments                                             1,514                                        -




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2020                                      2019



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                     19,811                                   19,811




          During the year of 2020, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB8 million. During the year
          of 2019, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB24 million.




350
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(iv) Transactions between the Group and other related parties:



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2020                                      2019



Balances at the end of the year:



Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                           2,817                                    4,636




                                                                           Year ended 31 December                                          About Us
                                                                               2020                                      2019



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                         49                                       84




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(c) Key management personnel remuneration



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s directors and
supervisors as disclosed in Note 16, is as follows:



                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2020                                      2019



Short-term employee benefits




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
 - Fees, salaries, allowances and bonuses                                      34,619                                   35,907

Post-employment benefits

 - Contribution to pension scheme                                              2,025                                      1,361



Total                                                                         36,644                                    37,268




Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 10).


(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

The related party transactions set out in Note 58(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
59 Segment reporting

Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
and the services provided:

- The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to
provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lending and sell financial products are included in this
segment.

- The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products




                                                                                                                                  351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          and transactions.

          - The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
          investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.

          - The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.

          - Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates,
          interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.



          (a) Business segments

          For the year ended 31 December 2020



                                           Wealth      Institutional     Investment      International
                                      management           services     management           business             Others             Total



          Revenue

            - External                   17,965,074        10,421,451       3,759,466        5,842,220          1,593,068        39,581,279

            - Inter-segment                 218,956           37,766                -                -             43,070          299,792

          Other income and gains          1,293,403          65,494           310,631        (291,613)         (367,073)          1,010,842



          Segment revenue and
            other income                 19,477,433        10,524,711       4,070,097        5,550,607          1,269,065        40,891,913

          Segment expenses              (14,213,154)     (6,426,891)       (1,756,231)     (5,290,461)        (3,896,320)      (31,583,057)



          Segment operating
            profit/(loss)                 5,264,279       4,097,820         2,313,866          260,146        (2,627,255)        9,308,856

          Share of profit of
            associates and joint
            ventures                              -           11,986        2,675,170             (63)          1,516,554        4,203,647



          Profit before income tax        5,264,279        4,109,806       4,989,036          260,083           (1,110,701)      13,512,503




          Interest income                 8,439,428         450,740          406,838           616,903          1,093,043        11,006,952

          Interest expenses              (3,216,307)      (2,831,617)       (402,861)       (653,087)         (1,314,483)       (8,418,355)

          Depreciation and
                                           (394,151)       (112,249)        (66,568)         (322,105)         (490,605)        (1,385,678)
           amortisation expenses

          Net reversal of
           impairment loss on                   346                -                -                -                   -             346
           other assets

          Net (provision for) /
           reversal of impairment        (1,324,705)         126,317            18,170       (86,540)           (39,450)        (1,306,208)
           loss on financial assets



          Segment assets                256,640,781     216,306,068       103,238,486       94,398,197         113,821,676     784,405,208

          Additions to non-current
           segment assets during            227,944          62,686            33,801        1,048,830            474,918         1,848,179
           the year

          Segment liabilities          (254,171,513)   (214,585,003)     (67,898,374)    (83,388,407)     (32,049,876)        (652,093,173)




352
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
For the year ended 31 December 2019



                                 Wealth      Institutional    Investment      International
                            management           services    management           business        Others              Total



Revenue

  - External                    13,146,755      8,303,940         4,097,815        3,963,881       1,361,516     30,873,907

  - Inter-segment                     284           18,540               -            91,212       797,336          907,372

Other income and gains             996,721          45,179          270,178         (6,576)         314,198        1,619,700




                                                                                                                                        About Us
Segment revenue and
  other income                  14,143,760      8,367,659        4,367,993         4,048,517     2,473,050       33,400,979

Segment expenses              (10,057,458)     (5,314,444)      (1,429,079)     (3,945,267)    (2,935,054)      (23,681,302)



Segment operating
  profit/(loss)                 4,086,302        3,053,215        2,938,914         103,250     (462,004)          9,719,677

Share of profit of
  associates and joint
  ventures                              -            8,208        1,685,802               -      1,032,439        2,726,449




                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Profit before income tax        4,086,302        3,061,423        4,624,716         103,250       570,435         12,446,126




                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Interest income                 6,632,992          369,196          270,021         529,359         881,125       8,682,693

Interest expenses              (2,257,545)     (2,508,729)        (90,906)        (447,032)     (1,274,240)     (6,578,452)

Depreciation and
                                 (331,768)       (64,542)         (57,740)        (265,941)      (505,551)       (1,225,542)
 amortisation expenses

Net reversal of
 impairment loss on                  2,717               -               -             (100)              -            2,617
 other assets

Net (provision for) /




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
 reversal of impairment          (591,605)         (5,146)        (139,286)          (8,105)        24,593         (719,549)
 loss on financial assets



Segment assets                169,792,956     180,665,359       113,510,026      36,435,362     99,691,815      600,095,518

Additions to non-current
 segment assets during            288,998          45,806            10,575         231,359        510,699         1,087,437
 the year

Segment liabilities          (166,688,469)   (178,697,367)     (80,861,035)     (25,614,722)   (22,579,217)    (474,440,810)




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                               353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                2020                        2019



          Revenue

          Total revenue and other income for segments                                       40,891,913                33,400,979

          Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                              (357,477)                   (964,198)



          Consolidated revenue and other income                                            40,534,436                  32,436,781




          Profit

          Total profit before income tax for segments                                       13,512,503                  12,446,126

          Elimination of inter-segment profit                                                  (8,127)                   (860,161)



          Consolidated profit before income tax                                             13,504,376                 11,585,965




                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                                2020                        2019



          Assets

          Total assets for segments                                                       784,405,208                 600,095,518

          Elimination of inter-segment assets                                            (67,653,973)                (37,914,880)



          Consolidated total assets                                                        716,751,235                562,180,638




          Liabilities

          Total liabilities for segments                                                 (652,093,173)              (474,440,810)

          Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                         67,653,973                  37,914,880



          Consolidated total liabilities                                             (584,439,200)                  (436,525,930)




          For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group’s customer base is diversified and no customer
          had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue.




354
      (b) Geographical segments

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, investment
      properties, goodwill, other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of
      customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in
      the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill and other intangible assets, and the
      location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2020                                                  Year ended 31 December 2019

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas               Total             Mainland China                      Overseas                  Total



      Segment Revenue



      Revenue from external customers                     33,739,122                     5,842,157         39,581,279                 26,910,025                      3,963,881           30,873,906

      Other income and gains                               1,244,770                     (291,613)           953,157                    1,569,451                      (6,576)              1,562,875



      Total                                              34,983,892                     5,550,544         40,534,436                  28,479,476                     3,957,305             32,436,781




                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2020                                                  Year ended 31 December 2019

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas               Total             Mainland China                      Overseas                  Total



      Specified non-current assets                       24,545,028                     8,237,489          32,782,517                 21,466,328                      7,673,870            29,140,198




355
                                       Financial Report and                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                           About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                  and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          60 Financial instruments and risk management

          (a) Risk management policies and structure

          (i) Risk management policies

          In order to enhance the Group’s scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
          capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group’s businesses,
          the Group had formulated the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated and approved by the
          Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Rules on Supervision over
          Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on Comprehensive
          Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business operation and
          business management. This has clarified the risk management objectives and principles, the risk appetite and risk tolerance
          level of the Company as a whole and for different risk types, the risk management procedures, and the relevant resource
          assurance and appraisal mechanisms. In terms of operation management, the Group had formulated and issued various
          professional risk management guidelines to clearly establish the management processes and measures, risk indicators
          and limits for various types of risks; in addition, the Group had also formulated policies such as the Administration Measures
          for Risk Control Indicators, the Rules on the Risk Management of Subsidiaries (Trial Implementation) and the Implementation
          Plan and Detailed Implementation Rules for Stress Test at the operation level. In the specific business level, the Group had
          established business risk management system or risk management manual based on the risk points of different business
          areas and business management lines.

          The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk,
          operational risk, reputational risk, information technology risk and compliance risk. The Group had formulated corresponding
          policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal risk control
          processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a view to continuously manage the above risks through the
          support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

          Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group’s employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
          management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
          management culture.

          (ii) Risk governance structure

          The risk management structure of the Company covers five major parts: The Board and its Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee, Board of Supervisors, Business Operation Management and Risk Control Committee, Risk
          Management Department and various professional risk management departments as well as other departments, branches
          and subsidiaries.

          The board of directors is the highest decision-making body for risk management and assumes ultimate responsibility for
          the effectiveness of the Company’s comprehensive risk management system. The Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee is set up by the Board to review and make recommendations on the overall risk management targets,
          fundamental policies and risk assessment reports; and evaluate and make recommendations on the risks of major
          decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these major risks. The Board of Supervisors is
          responsible for the supervision of overall risk management, supervising and examining the Board and the President’s Office
          on the performance of their risk management duties and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorisation
          and approval of the Board and in combination with the operational targets of the Company, the management is
          specifically responsible for the implementation of risk management activities, with the Risk Control Committee established
          under it. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management initiatives. The Risk
          Management Department is charged with comprehensive risk management duties, it reports to the management and
          is responsible for managing the overall risks of the Company, taking the lead in managing market risk, credit risk and
          operational risk. Relevant functional departments of the Company are responsible for taking the lead in managing other
          types of risks according to their responsibilities and positioning; other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the
          Company are responsible for the management of risks in respective lines, implementing policies, procedures and measures
          formulated by the Company and risk management departments, accepting the guidance from risk management
          departments and the decomposition of risk management and implementation responsibilities by the risk management
          departments. The Audit Department is responsible for the review and evaluation of the effectiveness and implementation of




356
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
the risk management procedures of the Company and taking the lead in evaluating the overall risk management system
of the Company.


(b) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond issuer or
counterparty (customer).

The Group mainly faced four types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of suffering from loss in respect of the financing bills
and interests lent out due to customer’s default in financing business; (ii) the risks caused by default of the bond issuer in
bond investment business; (iii) the risk of assets suffering from loss due to the default by the counterparty; (iv) the risks of


                                                                                                                                            About Us
loss suffered by the Group arising from payment made on customer’s behalf due to insufficient fund of the customer in
guarantee settlement business.

The Company’s credit risk management system covers self-owned deposit funding and entrusted funding business. The
Company applies a unified credit risk management system for all subsidiaries at home and abroad, and also for the
sub-subsidiaries managed with reference to the subsidiary’s management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk
management coverage.

With respect to financing business, the Group adopted full-process control measures such as stringent customer and



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
underlying assets management, continuous dynamic monitoring and timely risk mitigation to control the credit risk in its
business operation.




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers for the
aggregated monitoring of the total investment amount of the same issuer for different business units within the Group
through the system and implemented bottom-line control over credit bond investment in key industries. At the same
time, it also steadily promoted the construction of the credit analysis management system (CAMS system) to improve the
consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the Group’s overall risk identification and control capabilities.

With respect to counterparty management, during the reporting period, the Group promoted the construction of the unified
management system for counterparty, and further expanded the coverage of the unified management of counterparty




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
credit limit at group level and enhanced systematic monitoring measures in order to strictly control its business risk
exposures.

With respect to guarantee settlement business, the Group explored ways to enhance the management system and access
threshold for customer qualifications, continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted
the establishment of systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control
capabilities.

At the same time, the Company promoted the establishment of a unified customer penetration management system within
the Group, implemented customer ESG risk management mechanism, comprehensively collated the bottom-line measures
for strengthening the control of credit risk points, consolidated the unified management system for credit risk, improved
the capability to address the complex external credit business environment, and provided robust risk management control




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
support for the development of various credit businesses.

The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lending of financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
analyse the risk factors and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lending assets.
The details are as below:




                                                                                                                                   357
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                              Description                                                            Stage of credit loss allowances



          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with no past      12-month ECL                               Stage I
          due days

          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with less than    Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired           Stage II
          90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,,
          with no past due days

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
          with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below 100%                                                Lifetime ECL- credit impaired              Stage III

          Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days past due on its
          contractual payments

          Borrowers in default or lawsuit

          Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to bankruptcy or
          undertaking a financial restructuring




          The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

          For assets classified under Stage I and II, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters modeling
          approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. The credit loss rate is
          0.25% and 1%-4% for assets classified under Stage I and II, respectively.

          For credit impaired assets classified under Stage III, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
          the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
          considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
          stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
          stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
          and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
          collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above
          factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
          10% to 100%.

          (i) Maximum exposure to credit risk

          Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                                              2020                                           2019



          Debt investment at amortised cost                                                              30,411,508                                     19,739,758

          Refundable deposits                                                                           24,763,790                                      12,653,540

          Accounts receivable                                                                             9,095,561                                       5,511,168

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                                  472,655                                       600,201

          Margin accounts receivable                                                                    102,574,007                                    69,006,280

          Financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                                         5,267,955                                       2,013,233

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  19,536,413                                     18,466,280

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                         197,813,082                                     183,612,198

          Derivative financial assets                                                                     7,295,357                                      1,858,041

          Clearing settlement funds                                                                      6,988,396                                      6,755,604

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                     124,635,007                                     82,959,838

          Bank balances                                                                                 49,650,839                                     49,852,998



          Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                           578,504,570                                     453,029,139




358
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
the stage of ECL:



                                                                    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                 Lifetime ECL-                 Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance            12-month ECL      not credit impaired               credit impaired         Total



Bank balances                                    1,430                          -                           -         1,430

Margin accounts receivable                    355,422                   996,449                       116,380      1,468,251

Financial assets held under resale


                                                                                                                                         About Us
  agreements                                    11,996                       135                     1,027,281     1,039,412

Accounts receivable                                   -                  63,300                             -        63,300

Debt investment measured at
 amortised cost                                   2,911                  25,657                             -       28,568

Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                    68,019                          -                           -        68,019

Other receivables and prepayments                     -                   25,972                     806,364       832,336



Total                                         439,778                    1,111,513                  1,950,025      3,501,316




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                    As at 31 December 2019

                                                                   Lifetime ECL-                Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance            12-month ECL       not credit impaired              credit impaired          Total



Bank balances                                     11,179                        -                           -          11,179

Margin accounts receivable                      90,206                          -                      22,465         112,671

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                     8,002                          4                   1,049,544      1,057,550




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Accounts receivable                                   -                   19,855                            -        19,855

Debt investment measured at
 amortised cost                                   7,213                         -                           -          7,213

Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                     4,799                          -                           -         4,799

Other receivables and prepayments                     -                    21,551                    960,290         981,841



Total                                           121,399                    41,410                   2,032,299      2,195,108




(ii) Risk concentrations




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as
categorised by geographical area:




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                   By geographical area

                                               Mainland China          Outside Mainland China               Total



          31 December 2020



          Debt investment at amortised cost          30,120,021                           291,487       30,411,508

          Refundable deposits                       23,696,138                       1,067,652         24,763,790

          Accounts receivable                        5,960,725                       3,134,836          9,095,561

          Other receivables and
           prepayments                                 318,079                            154,576         472,655

          Margin accounts receivable                100,819,185                      1,754,822        102,574,007

          Financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income                                            -                      5,267,955          5,267,955

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                               19,134,247                           402,166       19,536,413

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                 142,528,247                      55,284,835         197,813,082

          Derivative financial assets                1,454,555                       5,840,802          7,295,357

          Clearing settlement funds                  6,388,195                            600,201       6,988,396

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
           clients                                 120,060,010                       4,574,997        124,635,007

          Bank balances                             42,460,402                       7,190,437        49,650,839



          Total maximum credit risk exposure       492,939,804                      85,564,766        578,504,570




                                                                   By geographical area

                                               Mainland China          Outside Mainland China               Total



          31 December 2019



          Debt investment at amortised cost          17,780,767                       1,958,991         19,739,758

          Refundable deposits                         12,119,390                          534,150       12,653,540

          Accounts receivable                         4,422,451                           1,088,717       5,511,168

          Other receivables and
           prepayments                                 430,286                             169,915         600,201

          Margin accounts receivable                 68,122,908                           883,372      69,006,280

          Financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income                                            -                       2,013,233          2,013,233

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                               17,549,896                           916,384       18,466,280

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                  175,322,508                      8,289,690          183,612,198

          Derivative financial assets                 1,508,264                           349,777        1,858,041

          Clearing settlement funds                   6,744,173                              11,431     6,755,604

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
           clients                                  82,033,073                            926,765      82,959,838

          Bank balances                               45,177,318                     4,675,680         49,852,998



          Total maximum credit risk exposure         431,211,034                      21,818,105       453,029,139




360
      (iii) Credit rating analysis of financial assets

      With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers for the aggregated monitoring of the total investment amount of the same
      issuer for different business units within the Group through the system and implemented bottom-line control over credit bond investment in key industries. At the same time, it also steadily
      promoted the construction of the credit analysis management system (CAMS system) to improve the consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the Group’s overall risk
      identification and control capabilities.


      (c) Liquidity risk management

      Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Company not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to meet due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital
      requirements of normal businesses. The Company established a liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on its overall liquidity risk to improve
      the informatisation of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the identification, measurement and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Company’s ability in
      addressing liquidity risk. In addition, the Company also established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained sufficient liquidity assets with high
      quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely manner.

      The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial
      liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating,
      based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:



                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2020

                                                                            Overdue/                       More than 1          More than 3         More than 1
                                                             Carrying    repayable on     Less than     month but less       months but less       year but less   More than
      Financial Liabilities                                  amount          demand         1 month     than 3 months            than 1 year       than 5 years      5 years    Undated         Total



      Short-term bank loans                                 11,299,859               -     6,748,444         3,458,889               1,110,698                 -           -          -      11,318,031

      Short-term debt instruments issued                    43,951,388               -     8,563,804         12,381,730            23,365,612                  -           -          -     44,311,146

      Placements from other financial institutions           4,815,236               -      3,948,126          869,006                      -                  -           -          -      4,817,132

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                136,387,634     134,493,228       464,729           480,622                958,017                  -           -          -   136,396,596

      Other payables and accruals                          105,900,966     102,865,940       655,526            86,245               275,905           2,031,340      96,326          -    106,011,282

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                         139,899,968               -    118,207,484         6,765,142            15,296,680                  -           -          -   140,269,306

      Derivative financial liabilities                      13,398,830               -        86,923          2,252,398              1,544,147         9,515,362           -          -    13,398,830

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
        or loss                                             15,381,530        1,176,256      307,786          1,200,000             3,815,036          6,849,314    2,033,138         -     15,381,530

      Long-term bonds                                       97,053,188               -             -           521,595             14,257,552         89,641,107           -          -   104,420,254

      Long-term bank loans                                     475,414               -             -             2,674                  8,023           507,504            -          -        518,201



      Total                                                568,564,013     238,535,424    138,982,822        28,018,301            60,631,670        108,544,627    2,129,464         -   576,842,308




361
                                           Financial Report and                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                               Corporate Governance                                                                About Us                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                          and Strategies
362



                                                                                                                            As at 31 December 2019

                                                                            Overdue/                        More than 1           More than 3         More than 1
                                                           Carrying      repayable on     Less than      month but less        months but less       year but less    More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                                amount            demand         1 month      than 3 months             than 1 year       than 5 years       5 years      Undated       Total



      Short-term bank loans                                  5,724,131               -      268,823            5,469,214                       -                 -              -          -    5,738,037

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   46,425,196                -      11,964,511        22,734,810               13,182,721                -              -          -   47,882,042

      Placements from other financial institutions          11,362,598               -     5,352,616                   -              6,098,583                  -              -          -     11,451,199

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                89,817,920       89,331,946      394,887              92,976                        -                 -              -          -   89,819,809

      Other payables and accruals                          86,702,244        84,116,882    1,607,208             136,552                246,449            663,470          8,471          -   86,779,032

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                         109,719,045               -    93,025,280           6,237,375              10,794,182                 -              -          -   110,056,837

      Derivative financial liabilities                       1,278,399               -       233,136            368,476                 545,455             131,332             -          -     1,278,399

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
        or loss                                              7,380,183          103,142      158,639           1,738,826                1,981,165         1,750,623      1,654,191         -    7,386,586

      Long-term bonds                                      64,616,358                -              -          3,407,100              13,528,749         52,908,371             -          -   69,844,220

      Long-term bank loans                                    850,997                -              -              16,017                46,936            227,742       713,280           -    1,003,975



      Total                                                423,877,071      173,551,970   113,005,100         40,201,346             46,424,240         55,681,538     2,375,942           -   431,240,136
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(d) Market risk management

Market risk refers to the risk resulting from the movements in market prices such as exchange rates, interest rates and stock
prices, which could have an impact on the income of the Group or the value of financial instruments held by the Group.
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk within the acceptable range and to
maximise the risk adjusted return.

(i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Company’s financial
position and cash flow. The Company’s interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement


                                                                                                                                          About Us
funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and
bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, long-term bonds and
long-term bank loans, amongst others.

For financial instruments held on the balance sheet date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group
adopts sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the
effect of any reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders’ equity under the
assumption that all the other variables remain constant.



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 363
364



      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                            As at 31 December 2020

                                                                             More than 1 month
                                                               Less than        but less than 3     More than 3 months       More than 1 year but    More than
      Financial assets                                           1 month               months       but less than 1 year        less than 5 years      5 years    Non-interest bearing               Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value
        through profit or loss                                          -                      -                       -                        -            -                 888,195             888,195

      Debt investment at amortised cost                          830,000               1,076,858                9,111,486               14,531,827    4,458,530                402,807           30,411,508

      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                 41,253               437,390                 1,042,922               3,368,486       297,106              10,759,215      15,946,372

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             14,079,115              887,843                 4,542,121                       -            -                  27,334           19,536,413

      Refundable deposits                                      8,036,970                       -                       -                        -            -               16,726,820      24,763,790

      Accounts receivable                                               -                      -                       -                        -            -                9,095,561          9,095,561

      Other receivables and prepayments                                 -                      -                       -                        -            -                 472,655             472,655

      Margin accounts receivable                                5,913,898              21,191,268             71,987,533                        -            -                3,481,308     102,574,007

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    15,104,737             25,378,016               61,180,681              66,486,061    16,343,392             107,314,225      291,807,112

      Derivative financial assets                                   9,701                      -                       -                        -            -               7,285,656           7,295,357

      Clearing settlement funds                                6,988,285                       -                       -                        -            -                      111          6,988,396

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                123,054,069               478,888                  952,933                        -            -                  149,117     124,635,007

      Cash and bank balances                                   40,455,931              8,126,624                 987,002                        -            -                   81,482      49,651,039



      Total                                                   214,513,959            57,576,887              149,804,678               84,386,374    21,099,028            156,684,486      684,065,412
                                                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020

                                                                                  More than 1 month
                                                                 Less than           but less than 3    More than 3 months         More than 1 year but    More than
      Financial assets                                             1 month                  months      but less than 1 year          less than 5 years      5 years     Non-interest bearing           Total



      Short-term bank loans                                     (6,735,226)              (3,444,926)              (1,102,637)                         -             -                 (17,070)    (11,299,859)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                        (8,518,234)              (12,320,750)           (22,855,245)                          -             -                (257,159)    (43,951,388)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (3,945,820)                 (867,812)                       -                          -             -                  (1,604)     (4,815,236)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                   (134,937,770)                (478,888)               (952,933)                          -             -                 (18,043)   (136,387,634)

      Other payables and accruals                                   (47,570)                (85,388)                (265,110)                 (771,860)      (78,870)            (104,652,168)   (105,900,966)

      Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                                  (118,061,442)             (6,595,357)             (14,911,087)                         -             -               (332,082)    (139,899,968)

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (54,708)                       -                       -                          -             -             (13,344,122)    (13,398,830)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through
      profit or loss                                                (517,302)             (1,200,001)             (3,815,037)               (5,696,683)             -              (4,152,507)    (15,381,530)

      Long-term bonds                                                      -                       -             (11,310,000)              (84,384,410)             -              (1,358,778)    (97,053,188)

      Long-term bank loans                                                 -                       -                       -                  (475,414)             -                       -        (475,414)



      Total                                                   (272,818,072)              (24,993,122)           (55,212,049)                (91,328,367)     (78,870)            (124,133,533)   (568,564,013)



      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (58,304,113)               32,583,765              94,592,629                (6,941,993)     21,020,158             32,550,953       115,501,399




365
                                           Financial Report and                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                 About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                and Strategies
366



                                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2019

                                                                            More than 1 month
                                                              Less than        but less than 3     More than 3 months         More than 1 year but     More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                             HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial assets                                          1 month               months       but less than 1 year          less than 5 years       5 years     Non-interest bearing          Total



      Debt investment at amortised cost                                -                167,609                 4,371,144                14,580,090        279,101                 341,814     19,739,758

      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                99,237                318,306                 695,824                     887,891             -                10,356,717    12,357,975

      Financial assets held under resale agreements            15,938,914             1,289,855                  1,114,315                        -             -                  123,196     18,466,280

      Refundable deposits                                      11,765,965                     -                         -                         -             -                 887,575      12,653,540

      Accounts receivable                                              -                      -                         -                         -             -                 5,511,168      5,511,168

      Other receivables and prepayments                                -                      -                         -                         -             -                  600,201        600,201

      Margin accounts receivable                               2,393,075             12,869,438              50,340,427                           -             -                3,403,340    69,006,280

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    5,802,873              16,871,545             49,875,442                  77,646,683    28,579,090               74,020,039    252,795,672

      Derivative financial assets                                   2,310                     -                         -                         -             -                 1,855,731      1,858,041

      Clearing settlement funds                                6,755,433                      -                         -                         -             -                       171     6,755,604

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                82,825,943                 92,436                         -                         -             -                   41,459    82,959,838

      Cash and bank balances                                  36,197,587             5,093,460                 8,418,459                          -             -                  143,682     49,853,188



      Total                                                   161,781,337           36,702,649                 114,815,611                93,114,664    28,858,191              97,285,093    532,557,545
                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2019

                                                                                  More than 1 month
                                                                 Less than           but less than 3     More than 3 months           More than 1 year but    More than
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month                  months       but less than 1 year            less than 5 years      5 years     Non-interest bearing            Total



      Short-term bank loans                                         (268,734)             (5,449,562)                         -                          -             -                  (5,835)       (5,724,131)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                        (10,963,070)             (22,374,400)             (13,023,490)                           -             -                 (64,236)     (46,425,196)

      Placements from other financial institutions              (5,350,000)                         -             (6,000,000)                            -             -                  (12,598)     (11,362,598)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                    (89,725,484)                  (92,436)                         -                          -             -                         -    (89,817,920)

      Other payables and accruals                                    (42,546)                (77,353)               (236,584)                    (599,052)       (6,906)             (85,739,803)     (86,702,244)

      Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                                   (92,917,584)              (6,146,694)             (10,468,857)                           -             -                 (185,910)    (109,719,045)

      Derivative financial liabilities                                (1,255)                       -                         -                          -             -                (1,277,144)     (1,278,399)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through
        profit or loss                                              (158,639)              (1,732,423)              (1,981,165)                   (713,756)            -              (2,794,200)       (7,380,183)

      Long-term bonds                                                      -              (3,000,000)               (11,282,217)               (49,038,257)            -               (1,295,884)    (64,616,358)

      Long-term bank loans                                                 -                        -                         -                          -      (847,161)                 (3,836)        (850,997)



      Total                                                    (199,427,312)             (38,872,868)             (42,992,313)                 (50,351,065)    (854,067)              (91,379,446)    (423,877,071)



      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (37,645,975)                (2,170,219)              71,823,298                  42,763,599     28,004,124               5,905,647      108,680,474




367
                                           Financial Report and                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                   and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Sensitivity analysis

          For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
          reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
          Group’s net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
          management’s activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                                        Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                              2020                                 2019



          Move in yield curve

          Up 100 basis points                                                            (1,611,464)                          (2,680,917)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           1,685,736                             2,915,920




                                                                                        Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                              2020                                 2019



          Move in yield curve

          Up 100 basis points                                                           (1,678,900)                           (2,701,453)

          Down 100 basis points                                                             1,753,171                          2,936,455




          The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s net profit and equity that would arise
          assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
          measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
          of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
          instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s net profit and equity is
          estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.

          (ii) Currency risk

          Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
          foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group’s overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
          Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
          mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
          and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
          respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
          term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are
          maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to
          address the short-term imbalances.




368
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
the Group’s equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
the reporting date:



                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2020                                    2019




                                                                                                                                            About Us
USD                                                                               98,163                             (1,023,382)

HKD                                                                         (500,808)                                (262,584)




                                                                                   Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2020                                    2019



USD                                                                          (853,351)                               (1,167,482)



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
HKD                                                                          (611,490)                               (285,990)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
the actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity of may arise with this.

(iii) Price risk




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group’s net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group’s equity due to the price
fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

Sensitivity analysis

The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group’s net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   369
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2020                                       2019



          Increase by 10%                                                              3,409,244                                 3,983,649

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (3,409,244)                                (3,983,649)




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2020                                       2019



          Increase by 10%                                                              4,210,964                                 4,759,505

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (4,210,964)                                (4,759,505)




          The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s net profit and equity that would arise assuming
          that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period
          and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
          price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group’s equity investments would
          change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
          that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2020 and 2019.


          (e) Operational risk management

          Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
          system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
          enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
          the Company. Each risk management department, business department and support department perform operational
          risk management in their respective business and management areas according to their segregation of functions.
          The Company adopts technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and
          management procedures as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure
          effective implementation of operational risk management policies and systems. The Company carries out self-assessment
          of risk and control, monitoring of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the
          management of operational risks.

          Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
          Audit Office, the China Banking Regulatory Commission and the China Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its
          supporting guidelines and the relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Company has
          developed the risk-based internal control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has
          combined the self-assessment of operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted
          out and evaluated the inherent risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control
          design and implementation; rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various
          business segments, systems and processes of the Company; whilst at the same time supplemented and improved the
          risk control matrix and internal control manual; recorded the risk points, key control activities and major business flow
          charts in order to ensure that the Company’s internal control measures are properly in place and the effectiveness of risk
          management. In addition, the Company has also integrated the management of operational risk and internal controls into
          daily operation; participated in the design of system, procedures and plan for new business throughout the entire process;
          fully identified and comprehensively evaluated the operational risks; and performed various pre-, middle- and post
          management measures such as setting up front-end controls, standardising business processes, creating risk-discovery
          indicators and conducting training and inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk points.




370
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(f) Capital management

The Group’s objectives of capital management are:

(i) To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

(ii) To support the Group’s stability and growth;

(iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

(iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.


                                                                                                                                                     About Us
On 23 January 2020 and 20 March 2020, the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of
Securities Companies and the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
issued by the CSRC (“Revised Administrative Measures”) . The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
control indicators on a continual basis from 1 June 2020:

(i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio 1”);

(ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio 2”);

(iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio 3”);


                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
(iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio 4”);




                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
(v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% (“Ratio 5”);

(vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500% (“Ratio
6”);

(vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio
7”);

(viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
(“Ratio 8”);

(ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio 9”); and

(x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400% (“Ratio 10”).

Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Revised Administrative
Measures.

As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                  Year ended 31 December




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                      2020
                                                                                                                                 (Note)



Net Capital                                                                       67,909,921                                64,580,659




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Ratio 1                                                                             236.68%                                      350.95%

Ratio 2                                                                              60.65%                                       58.57%

Ratio 3                                                                              21.86%                                       26.73%

Ratio 4                                                                              36.04%                                       45.64%

Ratio 5                                                                              49.91%                                       56.82%

Ratio 6                                                                             296.70%                                      275.33%

Ratio 7                                                                              21.08%                                       26.81%

Ratio 8                                                                             230.31%                                      357.58%

Ratio 9                                                                             130.22%                                      142.38%

Ratio 10                                                                             194.19%                                      115.80%




                                                                                                                                            371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Note: The net capital and the above ratios as at the end of previous year has been restated according to Rules on
          Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (Announcement [2020] No. 10 of the CSRC) .

          Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
          China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
          requirements during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.


          (g) Transfer of financial assets

          The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
          These securities and margin accounts receivable are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial
          position because the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and margin accounts
          receivable.

          The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment at amortised cost and margin accounts receivable. Sales and
          repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sell a security, rights and interests in a margin accounts
          receivable and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase prices are fixed and the Group is still
          exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities and rights and interests sold. These
          securities and margin accounts receivable are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position
          because the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

          The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded
          funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
          legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are
          allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
          specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities
          and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

          The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
          derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:




372
      As at 31 December 2020



                                                                                                                                       Margin accounts                Debt investment at
                                                                     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               receivable                      amortised cost              Total

                                                                       Sales and repurchase                                        Margin loans receivable            Sales and repurchase
                                                                                agreements                 Securities lending          backed repurchase                       agreements



      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                           2,649,170                     5,426,439                          311,411                       317,882     8,704,902

      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                     (2,484,314)                              -                      (300,321)                     (294,586)     (3,079,221)



      Net position                                                                     164,856                      5,426,439                          11,090                         23,296     5,625,681




      As at 31 December 2019



                                                                                                    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        Margin accounts receivable          Total

                                                                                                       Sales and repurchase                                          Margin loans receivable
                                                                                                                agreements                 Securities lending           backed repurchase



      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                          5,577,866                       1,475,784                      1,033,886    8,087,536

      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                    (5,329,589)                              -                     (1,000,000)   (6,329,589)



      Net position                                                                                                     248,277                       1,475,784                        33,886      1,757,947




373
                                      Financial Report and                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                               Corporate Governance                                                                                  About Us                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                    Documents for Inspection                                                   and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          61 Fair value information

          (a) Fair value of financial instruments

          The Group adopts the following methods and assumptions when evaluating fair values:

          (i) Financial assets including cash and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, clearing settlement funds,
          financial assets held under resale agreements, current debt investment at amortised cost and financial liabilities including
          placements from other financial institutions, short-term debt instruments issued, short-term bank loans and financial assets
          sold under repurchase agreements are mainly short-term financing or floating interest rate instruments. Accordingly, the
          carrying amounts approximate the fair values.

          (ii) Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, derivatives and financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income are stated at fair value. For the financial instruments traded in active open markets, the Group uses
          market prices or market rates as the best estimate for their fair values. For the financial instruments without any market
          price or market rate, the Group determines the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities by discounted
          cash flow or other valuation methods.

          (iii) The fair values of non-current debt investment at amortised cost investments and long-term bonds are determined
          with reference to the available market prices or quotes from brokers or agents. If there is no quoted market price in an
          active market, the Group refers to the yield of financial instruments with similar characteristics such as credit risk and
          maturity, to estimate the fair values using pricing models or discounted cash flow.

          (iv) Accounts receivable, margin accounts receivable, and accounts payable to brokerage clients are within one year.
          Accordingly, the carrying amounts approximate the fair values.


          (b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

          The carrying amount and fair value of debt investment at amortised cost, short-term debt instruments issued and long-
          term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:



          Carrying amount


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                          2020                                       2019



          Financial assets

            - Debt investment at amortised cost                                       30,411,508                               19,739,758



          Total                                                                       30,411,508                               19,739,758




          Financial liabilities

            - Short-term debt instruments issued                                   (43,951,388)                              (46,425,196)

            - Long-term bonds                                                      (97,053,188)                              (64,616,358)



          Total                                                                    (141,004,576)                              (111,041,554)




374
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Fair value


                                                                       As at 31 December 2020

                                                  Level I                 Level II                   Level III           Total



Financial assets

  - Debt investment at amortised cost           9,917,696              20,490,979                            -      30,408,675



Total                                           9,917,696              20,490,979                            -      30,408,675



Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                             About Us
  - Short-term debt instruments issued         18,490,590               5,009,910                  20,444,719       43,945,219

  - Long-term bonds                            84,601,075               6,085,902                  6,180,994        96,867,971



Total                                         103,091,665               11,095,812                 26,625,713       140,813,190




                                                                       As at 31 December 2019



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                  Level I                 Level II                   Level III           Total




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Financial assets

  - Debt investment at amortised cost           9,000,594                9,927,710                   988,708          19,917,012



Total                                           9,000,594                9,927,710                   988,708          19,917,012



Financial liabilities

  - Short-term debt instruments issued                  -               15,064,165                  31,363,115      46,427,280

  - Long-term bonds




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                               54,554,934               6,073,998                   4,063,920       64,692,852



Total                                          54,554,934                21,138,163                35,427,035         111,120,132




The fair values of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
liabilities recorded at amortised cost less impairment in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position
approximate their fair values.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    375
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (c) Fair value hierarchy

          The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
          the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
          financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
          fair value.



                                                                              As at 31 December 2020

                                                            Level I               Level II                Level III                Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

            - Debt securities                           27,242,316            160,410,227                684,259             188,336,802

            - Equity securities                         56,248,721             3,653,328                3,806,541            63,708,590

            - Funds                                     23,690,715                719,160                        -           24,409,875

            - Wealth management products                         -             7,499,053                3,802,951             11,302,004

            - Loan and advances                                  -                      -               4,049,841              4,049,841

          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income

            - Debt securities                                    -             4,390,712                         -             4,390,712

            - Equity securities                                  -            10,586,865                   91,552             10,678,417

            - Loan and advances                                  -                      -                877,243                 877,243

          Other investment

            - Unlisted investment in a
              joint venture                                      -                      -                888,195                 888,195

          Derivative financial assets                       117,320             6,775,882                 402,155              7,295,357



          Total                                         107,299,072           194,035,227               14,602,737           315,937,036



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

            - Financial liabilities held for trading      (240,151)           (11,229,022)                        -           (11,469,173)

            - Financial liabilities designated at
               fair value through profit or loss          (571,186)             (157,153)              (3,184,018)            (3,912,357)

          Derivative financial liabilities               (253,515)            (11,636,722)             (1,508,593)           (13,398,830)



          Total                                         (1,064,852)          (23,022,897)              (4,692,611)          (28,780,360)




376
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                       As at 31 December 2019

                                                  Level I                 Level II                 Level III                  Total



Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

  - Debt securities                            36,690,710              143,218,519               1,603,834               181,513,063

  - Equity securities                         28,859,458                 1,619,997               3,521,066               34,000,521

  - Funds                                      28,321,910                 718,902                         -              29,040,812

  - Wealth management products                         -                5,566,829                2,051,096                7,617,925



                                                                                                                                                About Us
  - Loan and advances                                  -                         -                 623,351                  623,351

Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income

  - Debt securities                                    -                 1,015,241                        -                1,015,241

  - Equity securities                                  -               10,254,673                  90,069                10,344,742

  - Loan and advances                                  -                         -                997,992                  997,992

Derivative financial assets                        81,849                1,000,750                 775,442                 1,858,041



Total                                          93,953,927               163,394,911              9,662,850               267,011,688




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Liabilities




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss

  - Financial liabilities held for trading              -              (4,586,478)                         -            (4,586,478)

  - Financial liabilities designated at
     fair value through profit or loss                  -                 (103,142)             (2,690,563)              (2,793,705)

Derivative financial liabilities                (105,950)               (629,477)                (542,972)               (1,278,399)



Total                                           (105,950)              (5,319,097)              (3,233,535)             (8,658,582)




For the year ended 31 December 2020 and year ended 31 December 2019, there was a transfer of amount RMB761 and                                  Corporate Governance
RMB188 million from Level II to Level I due to its lifting of restricted stocks, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2020
and year ended 31 December 2019, the transfers into or out of Level III fair value measurements were resulted from the
changes of inputs in fair value measurements.

(i) Financial instruments in Level I

The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from
an exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s
length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread.




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
These instruments are included in Level I. Instruments included in Level I comprise primarily securities traded on the stock
exchanges and funds with quoted bid prices in an active market, which classified as financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                       377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (ii) Financial instruments in Level II

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
          These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
          on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
          included in Level II.

          If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.

          (iii) Valuation methods for specific investments

          As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group’s valuation methods for specific investments are as follows:

          (1) For exchange-listed equity securities, fair value is determined based on the closing price of the equity securities as at
          the reporting date within bid-ask spread. For those which has no quoted market price or those with lock-up periods as at
          the reporting date, valuation techniques are used to determine the fair value.

          (2) For exchange-listed investment funds, fair value is determined based on the closing price within bid-ask spread as at
          the reporting date or the most recent trading date. For open-end funds and wealth management products, fair value is
          determined by trading price which is based on the net asset value as at the reporting date.

          (3) For debt securities listed through exchanges, fair values are determined based on the closing price within bid-ask
          spread of the debt securities at the date of statements of financial position.

          (4) For debt securities traded through the inter-bank bond market and OTC market, fair values are determined using
          valuation techniques.

          (5) For unlisted equity securities, wealth management products without quoted bid price in an active market, loan and
          advances, gold leasing and OTC derivative financial instruments, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.




378
      (iv) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:



                                                 Financial assets at fair                    Financial assets at fair                              Financial liabilities
                                                 value through profit or            Other       value through other       Derivative financial   at fair value through        Derivative financial
                                                                    loss      investment    comprehensive income                        assets            profit or loss                 liabilities        Total



      As at 1 January 2020                                      7,799,347               -                   1,088,061                 775,442              (2,690,563)                   (542,972)       6,429,315

      Gains or losses for the year                               503,144           46,555                    158,545                  237,494                 (695,601)                  (2,511,145)   (2,261,008)

      Changes in fair value recognised in
       other comprehensive income                                       -               -                     (2,871)                        -                         -                   (34,348)       (37,219)

      Purchases                                                 8,083,217         841,640                    856,485                   157,209                         -                   398,369      10,336,920

      Sales and settlements                                   (4,042,116)               -                  (1,131,425)              (767,990)                   202,146                    1,181,503   (4,557,882)



      As at 31 December 2020                                   12,343,592         888,195                    968,795                   402,155               (3,184,018)                (1,508,593)      9,910,126



      Total gains or losses for the period
       included in profit or loss for assets
       held at the end of the reporting period                    211,830          46,555                           -                 539,665                 (592,401)                 (1,377,622)     (1,171,973)




379
                                       Financial Report and                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                                           About Us                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                             and Strategies
380



                                                           Financial assets at fair     Financial assets at fair                            Financial liabilities at fair
                                                           value through profit or         value through other      Derivative financial       value through profit or      Derivative financial
                                                                              loss     comprehensive income                       assets                            loss               liabilities        Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   HUATAI SECURITIES



      As at 1 January 2019                                                5,033,263                      689,104                1,578,610                    (2,325,405)                 (321,553)     4,654,019

      Gains or losses for the year                                          501,266                       68,261                 419,470                       (428,902)                (543,006)         17,089

      Changes in fair value recognised in other
       comprehensive income                                                       -                       12,674                       -                                -                        -        12,674

      Purchases                                                           3,957,499                     386,092                 284,939                                 -                 623,683      5,252,213

      Sales and settlements                                              (1,692,681)                    (68,070)              (1,507,577)                         63,744                (302,096)    (3,506,680)



      As at 31 December 2019                                              7,799,347                     1,088,061                775,442                     (2,690,563)                (542,972)      6,429,315



      Total gains or losses for the period included in
        profit or loss for assets held at the end of the
        reporting period                                                   405,998                             -                 477,462                       (428,902)                (502,400)       (47,842)
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
For financial instruments in Level III, prices are determined using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow
models and other similar techniques. Determinations to classify fair value measures within Level III of the valuation hierarchy
are generally based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. The following
table presents the related valuation techniques and inputs of the major financial instruments in Level III.



                                                               Valuation technique(s) and         Significant unobservable        Relationship of unobservable
Financial assets and liabilities      Fair value hierarchy                    key input(s)                        input(s)                input(s) to fair value



Wealth management
 products, loan and                                                                                                                   The higher the risk adjusted



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
 advances and private                                                                                                                 discount rate, the lower the
 placement bonds                                   Level III   Discounted cash flow model        Risk adjusted discount rate                             fair value



                                                                        Market comparable                Discount for lack of         The higher the discount, the
Unlisted equity investment                         Level III                    companies                     marketability                   lower the fair value



Financial liabilities arising from                                    Market comparable
  consolidation of private                                     companies of the underlying               Discount for lack of         The higher the discount, the
  equity funds                                     Level III                     portfolios                   marketability                   lower the fair value




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                                              The higher the price
                                                               Black-Scholes option pricing      Price volatility of underlying           volatility,the greater the
Over-the-counter derivatives                       Level III                        model                               assets           impact on the fair value

                                                                                                                                              The higher the price



                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                 Monte-Carlo option pricing      Price volatility of underlying           volatility,the greater the
                                                                                    model                               assets           impact on the fair value




The fair value of the financial instruments in Level III is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change in these
unobservable inputs.



62 Share-based payment of a subsidiary




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(a) Summary information about share-based payments of a subsidiary


                                                                                              2020

                                               As at 1 January           Accrued for the year           Decrease for the year                  As at 31 December



Equity-settled share-based payments
                                                       350,705                         654,134                                    -                       1,004,839
- USD equivalent to RMB




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
On 3 July 2019, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. granted the equity incentive plan (“the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan”). The
2019 Equity Incentive Plan was effective on 17 July 2019, i.e. the effective date of the S-1 registration form of the Initial Public
Offering (“IPO”).




                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
(i) Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs)

On 17 July 2019, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. granted the original holders of Class C Common Unites Restricted Stock
Awards equal to 6,309,049 shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. common stock. The Restricted Stock Awards are
subject to the same vesting schedule as the Class C Common Units of AssetMark Holdings, LLC.

(ii) Stock Options

In connection with the IPO, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued options to certain officers to acquire an aggregate of
918,981 shares of the common stock, with an exercise price of USD22 per share. Each of these options is scheduled to vest
and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. AssetMark
Financial Holdings, Inc. uses the Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of Stock Options.




                                                                                                                                                                       381
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (iii) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

          In connection with the IPO, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued Restricted Stock Units to certain officers covering an
          aggregate of 85,737 shares of the common stock. Each of these Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to vest in substantially
          equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019.

          (iv) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)

          On 9 June 2020, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued stock appreciation to certain officers with respect to 831,902 shares
          of its common stock under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Each SAR has a strike price equal to the fair market value of the
          common stock of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. on the date of grant and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable
          insubstantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of 9 June 2020. Upon exercise, each of these SARs
          will be settled in shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. common stock with a value equal to the excess, if any, of the
          fair market value of its common stock measured on the exercise date over the strike price.




382
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
63 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                        Note        2020                        2019



Non-current assets

Property and equipment                                          3,427,464                    3,091,787

Investment properties                                            1,216,252                   1,363,937

Other intangible assets                                           490,003                    646,399



                                                                                                                  About Us
Investments in subsidiaries                                     19,374,962                 19,374,962

Interest in associates                                           11,317,184                 9,434,339

Debt investment at amortised cost                              18,959,784                   13,755,153

Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                         10,540,968                  10,307,367

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             973,587                   6,674,987

Refundable deposits                                             9,876,632                   4,548,561

Other non-current assets                                          254,168                     237,812




                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
Total non-current assets                                       76,431,004                 69,435,304




                                                                                                                and Strategies
Current assets

Accounts receivable                                              6,872,139                   3,041,432

Other receivables and prepayments                                6,001,078                   330,090

Margin accounts receivable                                     100,819,185                 68,122,908

Debt investment at amortised cost                                11,160,237                 4,025,614

Financial assets held under resale agreements                   9,983,827                   14,155,652

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          182,706,227                 165,269,314

Derivative financial assets                                      7,583,195                   1,851,978




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Clearing settlement funds                                       9,535,564                    7,419,153

Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                       101,415,279                  71,142,684

Cash and bank balances                                          11,830,586                 17,806,478



Total current assets                                           447,907,317                353,165,303



Total assets                                                   524,338,321                422,600,607




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         383
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     As at 31 December

                                                                      Note         2020                        2019



          Current liabilities

          Short-term debt instruments issued                                  43,720,163                 47,059,476

          Placements from other financial institutions                         4,815,236                  11,362,598

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                               100,723,551                70,663,092

          Employee benefits payable                                             1,832,973                   1,120,459

          Other payables and accruals                                         35,725,842                   10,746,710

          Current tax liabilities                                                853,166                      46,231

          Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  120,402,891                  101,900,041

          Financial liabilities at fair value throughprofit or loss                      -                  852,335

          Derivative financial liabilities                                     6,906,379                    953,527

          Long-term bonds due within one year                                  11,419,059                   14,611,188



          Total current liabilities                                          326,399,260                 259,315,657



          Net current assets                                                 121,508,057                 93,849,646



          Total assets less current liabilities                              197,939,061                 163,284,950



          Non-current liabilities

          Long-term bonds                                                     79,734,524                  46,401,284

          Non-current employee benefits payable                                5,619,040                  5,455,462

          Deferred tax liabilities                                               150,743                    888,227

          Other payable and accruals                                             463,243                      283,911



          Total non-current liabilities                                      85,967,550                  53,028,884



          Net assets                                                            111,971,511              110,256,066




384
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                              As at 31 December

                                         Note                               2020                       2019



Equity

Share capital                           54(b)                           9,076,650                  9,076,650

Treasury shares                                                        (1,626,546)                         -

Reserves                                                                86,916,959                85,019,854

Retained profits                                                        17,604,448                 16,159,562



Total equity                                                             111,971,511              110,256,066


                                                                                                                         About Us

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2021.




Zhang Wei                                                                       Chen Chuanming

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                  Director


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                       and Strategies




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                385
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          64 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but not yet
          effective for the year ended 31 December 2020

          Up to date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of amendments, and a new standard, IFRS
          17, insurance contracts, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2020 and have not been adopted in
          these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.



                                                                                             Effective for accounting periods beginning on or after



          Amendments to IFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                                                                1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment Proceeds before Intended Use                                           1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 37, Onerous Contracts —— Costing of Fulfiling a Contract                                                 1 January 2022

          Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                                                               1 January 2022




          The Group is in the process of making an assessment what the impact of these amendments is expected to be in the
          period of initial application. So far it has been concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact
          on the Group’s results of operations and financial position.



          65 Events after the reporting date

          (a) Issuance of bonds

          On 20 January 2021, the Company has publicly issued 3-year corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB4 billion,
          bearing interest at 3.58% per annum to qualified investors.


          On 25 January 2021, the Company has publicly issued 90 days corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB3 billion,
          bearing interest at 2.48% per annum to qualified investors.


          On 27 January 2021, the Company has publicly issued 90 days corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB3 billion,
          bearing interest at 2.42% per annum to qualified investors.


          On 29 January 2021, the Company has publicly issued 5-year corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB9 billion,
          bearing interest at 4.50% per annum to qualified investors.


          On 9 March 2021, the Company has publicly issued 90 days corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB3 billion, bearing
          interest at 2.68% per annum to qualified investors.


          (b) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

          On 23 March 2021, based on the total ordinary shares of 9,076,650,000 of the Company deducting the repurchased A shares
          deposited in the Company's repurchased securities account and not for use in the Company’s Restricted Share Incentive
          Scheme of A Shares at the report date, the Board proposed cash dividends of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 ordinary
          shares, with total cash dividend amounting to RMB3,613 million. The total amount of the actual dividend distribution will
          be calculated based on the total number of A shares entitled to dividend distribution on the registration date of A share
          shareholders. The proposal is pending for the approval of the general meeting of the shareholders. The cash dividends are
          not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2020.


          (c) Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares

          On 8 February 2021, the Company's the first extraordinary General Meeting of 2021 approved the “Management Measures
          of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares”, and the plan is to grant no more than 45.64
          million restricted A shares to incentive participants. The source of the restricted shares is ordinary A Shares repurchased by
          the Company from secondary market.




386
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020

INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

Index of Documents for Inspection     Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                      representative, person in charge of accounting work and head of accounting organ
Index of Documents for Inspection     Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
                                      the certified public accountant
Index of Documents for Inspection     All company documents and announcements made public on the newspapers


                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                      designated by the CSRC within the Reporting Period
Index of Documents for Inspection     Articles of Association



                                                                                             Chairman of the Board: Zhang Wei

                                                     Date of Submission as Approved by the Board of Directors: March 23, 2021




INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES
                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


 I. MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY                                                                                          and Strategies

1. Reply on Relevant Opinions on Providing Cross-Border Guarantees to Debt Financing by Affiliated Special Purpose Entities
of an Overseas Wholly-owned Subsidiary by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji Gou Bu Han [2020] No. 124) dated January 19, 2020;

2. Approval on Qualification of Jiao Kai as Senior Management of Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 3)
dated January 21, 2020;




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
3. No-objection Letter on Appointment of Jiao Kai as Chief Compliance Officer of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Su Zheng Jian
Han [2020] No. 71) dated February 14, 2020;

4. Approval on Qualification of Zhai Jun as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Securities Companies (Su Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2020] No. 8) and Approval on Qualification of Chen Tianxiang as Senior Management of Securities Companies (Su
Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 9) dated February 17, 2020;

5. Reply on Matters Regarding Conducting Pilot Fund Investment Advisory Business by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji Gou Bu
Han [2020] No. 387) dated February 28, 2020;

6. Approval for Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020]
No. 406) dated March 13, 2020;




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
7. Notice on Relevant Matters on Pilot Implementation of Consolidated Supervision (Ji Gou Bu Han [2020] No. 664) dated
March 25, 2020;




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
8. Letter of the General Affairs Department of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Filing of Agency for Foreign
Exchange by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Hui Zong Bian Han [2020] No. 466) dated July 21, 2020;

9. Approval for Public Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng
Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 1904) dated August 21, 2020;

10. Approval for Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2020] No. 2057) dated September 2, 2020;

11. Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 2599) dated October 16, 2020.

12. Notice on Matters Related to Independent Development of Lead Underwriting Business by Securities Companies as Lead
Underwriters (Zhong Shi Xie Fa [2020] No. 170) dated December 18, 2020.




                                                                                                                                    387
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           II. RESULTS OF CLASSIFICATION BY REGULATORY AUTHORITIES

          1. In 2018, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.

          2. In 2019, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.

          3. In 2020, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.




          APPENDIX

           I. MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

          The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
          and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities Depository and Clearing
          Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.
          Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



           No.                                        Type of License                                         Approval Department                Years



            1     National interbank market access qualification                                                      PBOC                    January 2000

            2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                    CSRC                      May 2001

            3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                 CSRC                   February 2003

            4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                          CSRC                    March 2003
                                                                                                            Jiangsu Communications
            5     Value-added telecommunications business license                                                                               July 2004
                                                                                                                 Administration
            6     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activities                                Securities Association of China     March 2005

            7     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                           PBOC                    August 2005
                                                                                                              State Administration of
            8     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                          November 2006
                                                                                                                 Foreign Exchange
            9     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                      Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE   December 2006

            10    Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                     Securities Association of China      June 2007
                  Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed
            11                                                                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange           August 2007
                  income securities
                  Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for
            12                                                                                                        CSRC                   December 2007
                  overseas securities investment management business
                  Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great
            13                                                                                                        CSRC                     April 2008
                  Wall Weiye Futures Co., Ltd.
            14    Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                    Shanghai Stock Exchange            June 2008
                  Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned specialized subsidiaries
            15                                                                                                        CSRC                      July 2008
                  to engage in direct investment business
            16    Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                          China Financial Futures Exchange      June 2010

            17    Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                          CSRC                     June 2010
                  Qualification of the dealer for credit risk mitigation tools and creator               National Association of Financial
            18                                                                                                                               December 2010
                  for credit risk mitigation certificates                                                 Market Institutional Investors
                  Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
                  Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
                  Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai only)
                  within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
            19    the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                         CSRC                     August 2011
                  on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
                  underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial
                  enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
                  trading and securities investment activities
                                                                                                                China Insurance
           20     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                                                  January 2012
                                                                                                             Regulatory Commission
            21    Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                 CSRC                    January 2012

           22     Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                        Shanghai Stock Exchange           February 2012

           23     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                     Shanghai Stock Exchange             May 2012




388
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
No.                                     Type of License                                          Approval Department                 Years



24    Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                              CSRC                      June 2012
      Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s
25                                                                                        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau    August 2012
      proprietary funds
                                                                                                China Securities Finance
26    Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                         August 2012
                                                                                                  Corporation Limited
27    Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                         CSRC                    September 2012
      Lead underwriting business for non-financial enterprises debt                         National Association of Financial
28                                                                                                                               November 2012
      financing instruments in the interbank market                                           Market Institutional Investors
      Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and
29                                                                                         China Financial Futures Exchange      December 2012
      speculative trading of CSI 300 index-futures



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
30    Agency sale of financial products                                                   Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau    January 2013

31    Qualification for the agreed repurchase type securities trading business                 Shenzhen Stock Exchange            January 2013
      Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
      comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody, settlement,                        Institutional Supervision
32                                                                                                                                February 2013
      computation of net value, investment control, custody report and etc.,                    Department of the CSRC
      for private securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                                China Securities Finance
33    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                February 2013
                                                                                                  Corporation Limited
                                                                                              China Insurance Regulatory
34    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                            March 2013
                                                                                                     Commission
      Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                National Equities Exchange and
35                                                                                                                                 March 2013
      Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                    Quotations Company Limited




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
      Qualification to submit filing materials for witnessing the opening of                China Securities Depository and
36                                                                                                                                  April 2013
      customers’ securities accounts                                                         Clearing Corporation Limited
      Qualification of financial bonds (including policy finance bonds)
37                                                                                        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau     June 2013




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
      underwriting business
      Conduct stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities                    Shanghai Stock Exchange and
38                                                                                                                                 June 2013
      listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                         Shenzhen Stock Exchange
39    Treasury bonds futures business                                                     Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau   September 2013
      Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futures arbitrage and hedging                    CSRC and China Financial
40                                                                                                                               September 2013
      businesses                                                                                  Futures Exchange
41    Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                        Shenzhen Stock Exchange           September 2013

42    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                Securities Association of China     September 2013

43    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange            October 2013

44    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange             June 2014




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
      Operate market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and
                                                                                            National Equities Exchange and
45    Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making qualification on                                                           July 2014
                                                                                             Quotations Company Limited
      the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
46    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                          National Inter-Bank Funding Center        July 2014

47    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business             Shenzhen Stock Exchange            August 2014
      Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                              Securities Fund Supervision
48    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                              August 2014
                                                                                               Department of the CSRC
      online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
49    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                         CSRC                    September 2014

50    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business               Securities Association of China     September 2014

51    OTC qualification                                                                      Securities Association of China     September 2014

52    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                 Shanghai Stock Exchange            October 2014




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
53    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                        Securities Association of China      October 2014
      Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive
54                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           December 2014
      schemes of listed companies
      Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business
55                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           December 2014
      for stock option businesses




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
      Qualification for stock option trading participant, stock option brokerage
56                                                                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange            January 2015
      and proprietary business trading
57    Qualification for stock options market making business                                             CSRC                     January 2015

58    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange            January 2015
      Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized
59                                                                                             Shanghai Clearing House              April 2015
      settlement of standard bonds
60    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                       Shanghai Clearing House              April 2015
      Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                                  Asset Management
61    service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                              April 2015
                                                                                                  Association of China
      as other value-added services derived from the above services
      Qualification of pilot innovative business for one-way video verification             China Securities Depository and
62                                                                                                                                 June 2015
      of investors’ identities                                                               Clearing Corporation Limited
      Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong
63                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           November 2016
      stock connect




                                                                                                                                                  389
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                    Type of License                                              Approval Department               Years



                 Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold
           64                                                                                                 Shanghai Gold Exchange           June 2017
                 ETF in spot
           65    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                                CSRC                  December 2017

           66    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                         CSRC                    July 2018

           67    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                                 CSRC                  December 2018

           68    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                               Shanghai Stock Exchange          January 2019

           69    Conduct credit protection contract business                                                 Shanghai Stock Exchange         February 2019

           70    Conduct market making business of treasury bond futures                                               CSRC                    May 2019
                                                                                                           State Administration of Foreign
            71   Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                                                              August 2019
                                                                                                                    Exchange
           72    Conduct credit protection certificate business                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange         December 2019

           73    Conduct market making business of commodity options                                                   CSRC                  December 2019

           74    Conduct market making business of stock index options                                                 CSRC                  December 2019

                                           In 2020, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include

            1    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                    CSRC                  February 2020
                                                                                                           State Administration of Foreign
            2    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                    July 2020
                                                                                                                    Exchange




390
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 II. LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


1.Establishment of Branch Offices of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of branch offices of the Company is as
follows:


                                                                                                             Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                              Registered


                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                              capital (or
                                               Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
 No        Name            Address          establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                     Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                     investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                     underwriting (limited to
                     6 &7F, Block A,                                                                                 underwriting of government
                     Feilishidai Square                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
            Anhui    Commercial                                                                                      of non-financial enterprises
  1                                         August 25, 2014     10,000       230011    Chen Zhijun   0551-64297088
           Branch    Complex, No. 310                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                     Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                     District, Hefei                                                                                 margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                     lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                     investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                     financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                                                     Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                     investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                     underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                     underwriting of government
                     Room 1501, 15/F,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
           Beijing   Block 28, Fengsheng                                                                             of non-financial enterprises
  2                                          May 28, 2010        500        100032      Zhou Erli     010-63211377
           Branch    Hutong, Xicheng                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                     District, Beijing                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                     margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                     lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                     investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                     financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                     Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                     investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                     underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                     underwriting of government
                                                                                                                     bonds, debt financing instruments
       Changzhou     No. 9, North Heping                                                 Wang                        of non-financial enterprises
  3                                          April 16, 2014     2,000       213003                   0519-88139733
         Branch      Road, Changzhou                                                     Houyin                      and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                                     policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                     margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                     lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                     investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                     financial products.

                                                                                                                     Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                     investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                     sale of securities investment




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                                                                     funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                                     securities lending business;
                                                                                                                     agency sale of financial products;
                     Unit 10D, Block A,
                                                                                                                     securities underwriting (limited
                     Tefang Portman
                                                                                                                     to ancillary works such as




                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
            Fujian   Wealth Center, No.81   September 18,                                 Chu
  4                                                             2,000       361004                   0592-2997899    project contracting, project
           Branch    Zhanhong Road,             2014                                    Rentang
                                                                                                                     information transmission and
                     Siming District,
                                                                                                                     recommendation and customer
                     Xiamen
                                                                                                                     relationship maintenance of
                                                                                                                     underwriting of government
                                                                                                                     bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                     of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                     financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                     bank bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                          391
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                           Registered
                                                                           capital (or
                                                            Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
           No      Name               Address            establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               Unit 02, 03, 36/F,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                Guangdong      No. 10 Huaxia Road,                                                     Zhao                       of non-financial enterprises
           5                                              May 19, 2012        500        510620                   020-88830128
                  Branch       Tianhe District,                                                      Changtao                     and financial bonds (including
                               Guangzhou                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               No. 16, Nongye Road
                  Henan                                                                                Tao                        of non-financial enterprises
           6                   East, Jinshui District,    April 16, 2014     2,000       450008                   0371-89998299
                  Branch                                                                             Mingqing                     and financial bonds (including
                               Zhengzhou
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               3/F, Block B, Aocheng
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               International, No.
                                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
                Heilongjiang   239 Xuanhua Street,
           7                                              May 28, 2010        500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000   and financial bonds (including
                  Branch       Nangang District,
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                               Harbin, Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                                  financing and securities lending
                               Province
                                                                                                                                  business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of local business departments.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to ancillary
                                                                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                                                                                                                                  project information transmission
                                                                                                                                  and recommendation
                               24/F, Unit 6, Building                                                                             and customer relationship
                               6-7, Wuhan 1818                                                                                    maintenance of underwriting
                               Center (Phase 2), No.                                                                              of government bonds, debt
                   Hubei                                                                              Yuan
           8                   109 Zhongbei Road,        March 19, 2012       500        430070                   027-87739318    financing instruments of non-
                  Branch                                                                             Hongbin
                               Shuiguohu Street,                                                                                  financial enterprises and financial
                               Wuchang District,                                                                                  bonds (including policy-bank
                               Wuhan                                                                                              bonds) only); margin financing
                                                                                                                                  and securities lending business;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                                  Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; agency
                               Rooms 1301-1305,                                                                                   sale of securities investment
                               1313-1316, Building 4                                                                              funds; margin financing and
                               and 5, Huayuanhua                                                                                  securities lending business;
                               Center, No 36,                                                                                     agency sale of financial products;
                  Hunan
           9                   Section 2, Middle          May 27, 2014        500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568   securities underwriting and
                  Branch
                               Xiangjiang Road,                                                                                   sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                               Tianxin District,                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                               Changsha, Hunan                                                                                    project information transmission
                               Province                                                                                           and recommendation
                                                                                                                                  and customer relationship
                                                                                                                                  maintenance).




392
                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                                                           Registered
                                                           capital (or
                                            Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
No    Name            Address            establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises
                No. 1416,
                                                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                Jinggangshan
      Jiangxi                            November 3,                                                               policy-bank bonds) only); margin
10              Avenue, Xihu District,                        500        330002       Wan Bin      0791-86600577
      Branch                                2014                                                                   financing and securities lending


                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                Nanchang, Jiangxi
                                                                                                                   business; agency sale of securities
                Province
                                                                                                                   investment funds; intermediary
                                                                                                                   introduction business for the
                                                                                                                   futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                   sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                   management of securities
                                                                                                                   branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                   financing and securities lending
                Units 1, 2, 3 and 4,                                                                               business; agency sale of securities
                15/F, Block B,                                                                                     investment funds; intermediary




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                Enterprise Square,                                                                                 introduction business for the
     Liaoning   No. 125 Qingnian                                                                                   futures companies; agency
11                                        June 3, 2011        500         11004      Chen Min       024-31881777
      Branch    Street, Shenhe                                                                                     sale of financial products;
                District, Shenyang                                                                                 securities underwriting (limited



                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                City, Liaoning                                                                                     to underwriting of government
                Province                                                                                           bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                   financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                   bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                No. 90 Zhongshan
      Nanjing                                                                          Wang                        of non-financial enterprises




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
12              Road East, Qinhuai        April 9, 2010      2,000       210002                    025-84791077
      Branch                                                                         Yansheng                      and financial bonds (including
                District, Nanjing
                                                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                Fangtian Building,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
     Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang Road,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
13                                        May 28, 2010        500        226000     Ren Qiaojian   0513-85529888
      Branch    Nantong, Jiangsu                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                Province                                                                                           policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                Rooms 2101&2104,                                                                                   underwriting of government
                21/F, Block A, Yinfeng                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
     Shandong   Fortune Plaza, No. 1                                                                               of non-financial enterprises
14                                        April 16, 2014     2,000       250061       Li Gang      0531-55686555
      Branch    West LongAo Road,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                Lixia District, Jinan                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                City                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                         393
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                      Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                       Registered
                                                                       capital (or
                                                         Date of        working                  Person in        Contact
           No    Name             Address             establishment     capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Room 2201, No. 18                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                Shanghai   Dongfang Road,                                                           Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
           15                                          May 28, 2010       500        200120                    021-28972296
                 Branch    China (Shanghai)                                                     Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                           Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                               contracting); securities
                           No.5999, Yitian
                Shenzhen                                                                           Wang                        investment consulting; margin
           16              Road, Lianhua              March 19, 2012      500        518048                    0755-82492098
                 Branch                                                                           Lianfen                      financing and securities lending
                           Street, Futian District,
                                                                                                                               business; agency sale of securities
                           Shenzhen
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           No. 2, 16/F, Block 1,
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Zhongda Junyue
                                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                           Jinsha Office
                Sichuan                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises
           17              Building, 51 West           May 19, 2012       500         610091       Li Hui      028-61502398
                Branch                                                                                                         and financial bonds (including
                           Qingjiang Road,
                                                                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                           Qingyang District,
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                           Chengdu
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           4/F and 5/F,                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Suzhou    No. 102 Xinshi Road,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
           18                                          May 28, 2010       500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
                 Branch    Canglang District,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                           Suzhou                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           No. 22, Yingchun                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                Taizhou    Road West, Hailing                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
           19                                         August 4, 2014     2,000       225300     Wang Yujie     0523-86234237
                Branch     District, Taizhou,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                           Jiangsu Province                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           Block HI on 1/F, and                                                                                underwriting of government
                           Block E-I on 5/F,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Tianjin   North Finance                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises
           20                                          May 28, 2010       500         300211      Li Yijun     022-59657718
                 Branch    Building, No. 5 Youyi                                                                               and financial bonds (including
                           Avenue, Hexi District,                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                           Tianjin                                                                                             margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.




394
                                                                                                              Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                                                               Registered
                                                               capital (or
                                                Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
No     Name              Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                   No. 325, Jiefang
                                                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises
21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,           June 11, 2014      2,000       214000      Lu Rong       0510-82723020
                                                                                                                       and financial bonds (including
                   Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities


                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                                                       lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; agency
                   Room 21401, Unit 2,                                                                                 sale of securities investment
                   Building 2, CROSS                                                                                   funds; margin financing and
                   Wangxianghui, No.21                                                                                 securities lending; agency
     Northwest     Gaoxin Six Road,                                                                                    sale of financial products;
22                                           August 5, 2019        –         710000     Gao Hong       029-87897055
      Branch       Zhangba Sub-                                                                                        securities underwriting (limited
                   district Office, High-                                                                              to underwriting of government
                   Tech Zone, Xi’an,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments




                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                   Shaanxi Province                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                       financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                       financial bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                   No. 104, Block B, 3/F,                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                   Block B, Baolong                                                                                    underwriting of government
                   Square, West side                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
       Xuzhou      of the Government                                                      Wang                         of non-financial enterprises
23                                            April 16, 2014     2,000        221001                   0516-85602988
       Branch      seat of Yunlong                                                       Minsheng                      and financial bonds (including
                   District, North side of                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Heping Ave, Yunlong                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                   District, Xuzhou                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                   No. 1015, Business
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                   Street, Dongjin
     Yancheng                                                                             Zhang                        of non-financial enterprises
24                 Road, Bao Long City       March 24, 2014      2,000       224002                    0515-88216888
      Branch                                                                             Tingwen                       and financial bonds (including
                   Square, Yancheng,
                                                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                       lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                   No. 406, Wenchang                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
      Yangzhou     Middle Road,                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises
25                                           August 4, 2014      2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo      0514-82196688
       Branch      Guangling District,                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                   Yangzhou                                                                                            policy-bank bonds) only);




                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                       lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                       sale of securities investment
                   6/F, Block C,                                                                                       funds; margin financing and
                   Dushi Mingyuan                                                                                      securities lending business;
       Yunnan      Community, Middle          February 25,                                                             agency sale of financial products;
26                                                                500        650021     Yin Tianshui   0871-65951973
       Branch      Renmin Road,                  2014                                                                  securities underwriting (limited
                   Kunming, Yunnan                                                                                     to underwriting of government
                   Province                                                                                            bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                       financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                       bank bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                            395
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                               Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                   Registered
                                                                   capital (or
                                                     Date of        working                 Person in     Contact
           No    Name             Address         establishment     capital)     Zip code    charge       number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                            Rooms 2302,
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; agency
                            2304, 2305,
                                                                                                                        sale of securities investment
                            2306 and 2404,
                                                                                                                        funds; margin financing and
                            Block 1, Sunyard
                                                                                                                        securities lending business;
                            International
                Zhejiang                                                                                                agency sale of financial products;
           27               Creative Center       March 25, 2013      500        310052     Wang Jie    0571-86698700
                 Branch                                                                                                 securities underwriting (limited
                            Building, No. 1750,
                                                                                                                        to underwriting of government
                            Jianghong Road,
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Binjiang District,
                                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises and
                            Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                                                                                                        financial bonds (including policy-
                            Province
                                                                                                                        bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                        underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                        underwriting of government
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                Zhenjiang   No. 11, Changjiang                                               Dong                       of non-financial enterprises
           28                                     March 24, 2014     2,000       212000                 0511-85037099
                 Branch     Road, Zhenjiang                                                 Kaisong                     and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                                        policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                        margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                        lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                        of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                        agency sale of financial products.




396
                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2. Number and distribution of Securities Branches

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
 No     Province        City                   Name                              Address                     Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                   Room 1104, 1211-1213, Block
                                   Securities Branch in Huaining   C, Landmark Plaza, No. 288,
  1                                                                                                          230022       Fan Huijuan      0551-65175008
                                   Road, Hefei                     Huaining Road, Zhengwu District,
                                                                   Hefei City
                       Hefei


                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                   4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                                   Securities Branch in            Department, No. 2760,
  2                                                                                                          230088        Hu Longqi       0551-62686969
                                   Chuangxin Road, Hefei           Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                                   District, Hefei City, Anhui Province

                                   Securities Branch in Hudong     No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
  3                 Ma’anshan                                                                                243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
        Anhui 5                    Middle Road, Ma’anshan          Huashan District,Ma’anshan City

                                                                   No. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                                   Securities Branch in Fengle     Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
 4                   Chuzhou                                                                                 239001         Zhao Fei        0550-3019976
                                   Avenue, Chuzhou                 (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                                   Chuzhou City, Anhui Province

                                                                   Shop 142, 1/F, No. 230A, 2/F, Huijin
                                                                   Building, Tongling Trade Building,




                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                   Securities Branch in Huaihe
 5                   Tongling                                      Middle Section of Huaihe                  244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                                   Avenue, Tongling
                                                                   Avenue, Tongguan District,
                                                                   Tongling City, Anhui Province




                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                   Securities Branch in            Inner Flat 01, No. 102, 1/F (01), Block
 6                                 Dongsanhuan North Road,         27, Dongsanhuan North Road,               100062         Wei Na          010-59725337
                                   Beijing                         Chaoyang District, Beijing

                                                                   Room 901-903, 9/F Weiya
                                   Securities Branch in Suzhou
  7                                                                Building, Block 18, No. 29 Suzhou         100080         Li Shuai        010-62523799
                                   Street, Beijing
                                                                   Street, Haidian District, Beijing

                                   Securities Branch in
                                                                   Room 403, 4/F, No. 87 Xisanhuan
                                   International Finance and
 8                                                                 North Road, Haidian District,             100048         Chen Xi         010-68733708
                                   Economy Center,Xisanhuan,
                                                                   Beijing
                                   Beijing
        Beijing 6     Beijing
                                                                   Room 501, 5/F, Block F, Room




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                   Securities Branch in Yonghe     116, 1/F, & Room 216, 2/F, Block D,
 9                                                                                                           100007     Zhao Youqiang       010-84273989
                                   Temple,Beijing                  No. 28 Andingmen East Street,
                                                                   Dongcheng District, Beijing

                                                                   3/F Wanfengyihe Business Club,
                                   Securities Branch in Yuetan
 10                                                                No. 12A Yuetan South Street,              100045      Yang Junpeng       010-68058688
                                   South Street, Beijing
                                                                   Xicheng District, Beijing

                                                                   Room 107, 1/F, Room 309, 3/ F, No.
                                   Securities Branch in Xueyuan
  11                                                               62 Xueyuan South Road, Haidian             100081       Liu Zhifeng      010-82263313
                                   South Road, Beijing
                                                                   District, Beijing

                                                                   No. 41, Bayantala Street, Donghe
                                   Securities Branch in Donghe
 12                                                                District, Baotou City, Inner              014040        Ma Xiaoju        0472-4136027
                                   District, Baotou
                                                                   Mongolia Autonomous Region
                      Baotou
                                                                   2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street,
                                   Securities Branch in Gangtie
 13                                                                Qingshan District, Baotou City,            014010      Niu Anfang        0472-6867886
         Inner                     Main Street, Baotou




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                                                   Inner Mongolia
       Mongolia 3
                                                                   Room 1707, 17/F, Block A, Wanda
                                   Securities Branch in Xinhua     Plaza Complex, No.26, Xinhua
 14                   Hohhot       EastStreet, Saihan District,    East Street, Saihan District,              010010        Qi Hong         0471-3251997
                                   Hohhot                          Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia




                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                   Autonomous Region

                                                                   Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                   of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                   Securities Branch in Ziqiang
 15     Hebei 1     Shijiazhuang                                   Fortune Center T1/T2, No.118              050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                   Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                   Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                   Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province

                                                                   19/F, Block 3#, Zhengxiang
                                   Securities Branch in North      Center, No. 153 North Wuyi Road,
 16                   Fuzhou                                                                                 350009        Liu Biqing      0591-88037887
                                   Wuyi Road, Fuzhou               Shuibu Street, Gulou District,
                                                                   Fuzhou City

                                   Securities Branch in Jiuyi      4/F, Baiyuan Building, Jiuyi Street,
 17     Fujian 4     Quanzhou                                                                                362000     Chen Mingfeng       0595-22187188
                                   Street, Quanzhou                Licheng District, Quanzhou City

                                                                   Rooms 201 & 202, Block B, Unit
                                   Securities Branch in Xiahe      One, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe
 18                   Xiamen                                                                                 361004         Cai Hao         0592-2997888
                                   Road, Xiamen                    Road, Siming District, Xiamen
                                                                   City




                                                                                                                                                            397
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
           No    Province     City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                        Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                                        Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
           19    Fujian 4   Zhangzhou                                                                         363000       Liu Huafeng      0596-2900350
                                        Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                                        City, Fujian Province

                                                                        Flat A, actually 26/F (nominally
                                                                        29/F), Block 2, Youbang Financial
                                        Securities Branch in Denghu
           20                Foshan                                     Centre, No. 1, Denghu East Road,      528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                                        East Road, Foshan
                                                                        Guicheng Street, Nanhai District,
                                                                        Foshan City

                                                                        17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                                        Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
           21                                                                                                 510000     Zheng Chengbin      020-37279969
                                        West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                                        Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in Wanda      Rooms 103, 105, 107, 109, Huizhi
           22                           Plaza, Panyu District,          3rd Road, Nancun County, Panyu        510440      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                                        Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in Middle     Room 103, No. 307 Middle
           23                           Guangzhou Avenue,               Guangzhou Avenue, Yuexiu              510220       Luo Fanglin       020-84133637
                                        Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City

                                                                        Rooms S1201, 1218-23, 12/F, South
                                        Securities Branch in Huanshi    Tower, No. 371-375 Huanshi East
           24                                                                                                 510060       Cheng Feng        020-83853823
                            Guangzhou   East Road, Guangzhou            Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
                                                                        City, Guangdong Province

                                                                        5/F, No. 65 Tianhe East Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Tianhe
           25                                                           Tianhe District, Guangzhou City,      510620         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                                        East Road, Guangzhou City
                                                                        Guangdong Province

                                                                        Rooms 3605, 3606, 3607, 36/F,
                                                                        Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                                        Securities Branch in
           26                                                           (namely, Tianhecheng East             510620         Tang Jia        020-22031389
                                        Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                                        Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                                                                        Tianhe District, Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in            Rooms 4002, 4003, 4004, No. 888
           27                           Yuncheng West Road,             Yuncheng West Road, Baiyun            510420         Li Yong         020-86273767
                                        Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City

                                                                        Shop No. 1003, Block 1, Zhongshan
                                        Securities Branch in            Central Plaza, No. 1, Xingzheng
           28   Guangdong   Zhongshan                                                                         528403        Liao Xiwu       0760-89823338
                                        Xingzheng Road, Zhongshan       Road, East District, Zhongshan
                    23                                                  City

                                                                        Room 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                                        China Resources Building,
                                        Securities Branch in Zhujiang
           29                Shantou                                    No.95 Changping Road,                  515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                                        Road, Shantou
                                                                        Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                                        Guangdong Province

                                                                        Building B7, Qianhaishengang
                                                                        Fund Town, No. 128,
                                        Securities Branch in Qianhai,
           30                                                           Qianhaiguiwan Road 5, Nanshan          518031      Cheng Tao        0755-82873125
                                        Shenzhen
                                                                        Street, Nanshan District,
                                                                        Shenzhen City

                                                                        1/F, 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                                        Securities Branch in Caitian
           31                                                           No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futain       518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                                        Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        District, Shenzhen City

                                                                        Rooms 1903, 1904, 1905, East
                                        Securities Branch in Haide      Tower of Hai’an Building, Haide
           32                                                                                                 518059      Zhang Yijiang     0755-86271277
                                        3rd Road, Shenzhen              3rd Road, Nanshan District,
                                                                        Shenzhen City

                                                                        (Intersection Place of Longgang
                            Shenzhen                                    Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)
                                        Securities Branch in            102S, Building 2, Square of Vanke
           33                                                                                                  518172       Gao Jian        0755-85205902
                                        Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Times, Shangjing Community,
                                                                        Longcheng Street, Longgang
                                                                        District, Shenzhen

                                                                        East Tower 33/F, Baidu
                                        Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                                        International Building, Xuefu
           34                           International Building,                                               518040     Wang Shaolian      0755-82531008
                                                                        Road East, Yuehai Street,
                                        Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        Nanshan District, Shenzhen City

                                                                        No. 01B, 25/F, Block A, Donghai
                                                                        International Center, No. 7888
                                        Securities Branch in Shennan
           35                                                           Shennan Road, Xiangmihu               518040       Li Chendong      0755-82719339
                                        Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                                        Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                        City




398
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                      Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                        of securities      of person in
No     Province          City                  Name                               Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                    Southeast Side of 8/F, Fucheng
                                   Securities Branch in Road
                                                                    Technology Building, No. 003,
36                                 1 of High-tech Park South,                                              518057        Song Tao        0755-25870808
                                                                    Road 1 of High-tech Park South,
                                   Shenzhen
                                                                    Nanshan District, Shenzhen City

                                                                    No. BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS
                                                                    Commercial Center, No. 1061
                                   Securities Branch in Hongli
37                                                                  Xiangmei Road, Xiangmihu               518000       Li Xiaoshan      0755-82080300
                                   Road, Shenzhen
                                                                    Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                    City



                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                   Securities Branch in Fund        8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
38                                 Building, Shennan Avenue,        Road, Lianhua Street, Futian           518053     Cao Mengming       0755-26626388
                                   Shenzhen                         District, Shenzhen City

                                                                    2201-2212, Building A, Rongchao
                                   Securities Branch in             Business Center, No. 6003 Yitian
39   Guangdong                     Rongchao Business Center,        Road, Fuxin Community, Lianhua         518026        Wu Sheng        0755-83767319
                      Shenzhen
         23                        Yitian Road, Shenzhen            Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                    City

                                                                    Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                                   Securities Branch in Yitian      Service HK Building, No. 4011
40                                                                                                         518048     Yang Dongyang      0755-82766226
                                   Road, Shenzhen                   Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                                    Shenzhen City



                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                    Flats 10H, 10I, 10J, China Economy
                                                                    and Trading Building, No. 18 Zizhu
                                   Securities Branch in Zhuzilin
41                                                                  7th Road, Zhulin Community,             518041       Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636




                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                   4th Road, Shenzhen
                                                                    Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                                    Shenzhen City

                                                                    Shop 32 & 33, 1/F, Block T4,
                                   Securities Branch in Ali cloud   Ali Center, No. 3329 Keyuan
42                                                                                                         518048       Chen Shun        0755-27247971
                                   Building, Houhai, Shenzhen       South Road, Nanshan District,
                                                                    Shenzhen City

                                                                    7/F, South Tower of Beibuwan
                                   Securities Branch in Zhongtai
43                     Nanning                                      Building, No. 11 Zhongtai Road,        530029        Li Guangyi      0771-5570013
                                   Road, Nanning
       Guangxi 2                                                    Nanning City

                                   Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd    No. 1 of 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
44                     Wuzhou                                                                              543002       Qin Shumin       0774-3862288
                                   Road, Wuzhou                     Wuzhou City

                                                                    Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                                   Securities Branch in Guoxing     Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
45                      Haikou                                                                             570102         He Ruijin      0898-66202789
                                   Road, Haikou                     Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                                    Hainan Province
       Hainan 2
                                                                    Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                                   Securities Branch in Yingbin     Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
46                      Sanya                                                                               572021       Zhao Yang       0898-88211669
                                   Road, Sanya                      Jiyang District, Sanya City,
                                                                    Hainan Province

                                   Securities Branch in Tiyu        No. 58, Tiyu Road, Xiaodian
47      Shanxi 1       Taiyuan                                                                             030001       Wang Guoqi       0351-7775553
                                   Road, Taiyuan                    District, Taiyuan City

                                                                    Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                                   Securities Branch in Jingsan
48                                                                  Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,        450003        Shi Qianjin     0371-65585005
                                   Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                    Zhengzhou City




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                    No. 101, Floors 1–2, Building 1,
                                   Securities Branch in Nongye
49                                                                  No. 16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui      450000         Zhou Rui       0371-60958371
                                   Road, Zhengzhou
       Henan 3        Zhengzhou                                     District, Zhengzhou City

                                                                    18/F, entire floor of Zhengzhou




                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                    Zhengshanglanhai Plaza
                                   Securities Branch in
50                                                                  Building, No. 2, Erligang,             450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                                   Zijingshan Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                    Zijingshan Road, Guancheng
                                                                    District, Zhengzhou City

                                                                    No. 15, West 16th Street, Daoli
                                   Securities Branch in West
51                                                                  District, Harbin City, Heilongjiang     150010       Zhang Lei       0451-51998718
                                   16th Street, Harbin
                                                                    Province
                        Harbin
                                                                    Floors 1-2, Block B, Aochengguoji,
                                   Securities Branch in Xuanhua
52   Heilongjiang 5                                                 No. 239, Xuanhua Street,                150001     Wang Jixiang      0451-51998768
                                   Street, Harbin
                                                                    Nangang District, Harbin City

                                                                    No. 236, Xiyitiao Road,
                                   Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
53                    Mudanjiang                                    Xi’an District, Mudanjiang City,        157001       Ma Xiuhui       0453-8111898
                                   Road, Mudanjiang
                                                                    Heilongjiang Province




                                                                                                                                                          399
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                     Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                       of securities      of person in
           No     Province             City                     Name                             Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                                    2/F Office, ICBC Zhaodong
                                                     Securities Branch in
                                                                                    Branch, Zhengyang South 10th
           54                        Suihua          Zhengyang Street,                                                     151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                                                                    Street, No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua
                                                     Zhaodong, Suihua
                                                                                    City, Heilongjiang Province
                Heilongjiang 5                                                      S10, Commercial Service
                                                                                    Building, Phase I Xinchao
                                                     Securities Branch in Xinchao
           55                        Daqing                                         Jiayuan Community, Ranghulu           163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                                     Street, Daqing
                                                                                    District, Daqing City, Heilongjiang
                                                                                    Province
                                                                                    No. 855 Minkang Road,
                                                     Securities Branch in
           56                                                                       Nanguan District, Changchun            130041       Cheng Bo         0431-81910599
                                                     Minkang Road, Changchun
                                                                                    City
                                  Changchun
                                                                                    No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                                     Securities Branch in Ziyou
           57                                                                       Chaoyang District, Changchun           130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187
                                                     Avenue, Changchun
                    Jilin 3                                                         City
                                                                                    No. 7 Branch, No. 2
                                                                                    Dongchang Complex
                                                     Securities Branch in Jiefang
           58                          Jilin                                        Building, No. 62 Jiefang East          132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                                     East Road, Jilin City
                                                                                    Road, Changyi District, Jilin
                                                                                    City, Jilin Province
                                                     Securities Branch in Zijin     No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
           59                                                                                                             432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                                     Road, Anlu                     Province
                                                     Securities Branch in Dawu      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
           60                                                                                                             432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                                     Xiyue Road                     Hubei Province
                                                     Securities Branch in Xiannv    No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
           61                                                                                                             431600        Li Zhihua        0712-8296358
                                                     Avenue, Hanchuan               Hanchuan City, Hubei Province
                                                     Securities Branch in
                                                                                    No. 29, Changzheng Road,
           62                       Xiaogan          Changzheng Road,                                                     432000        Wang Kai         0712-2326727
                                                                                    Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                                     Xiaogan
                                                                                    No. 22, Building 1 of
                                                     Securities Branch in West
           63                                                                       Guchengxindu, West Main               432400      Pan Jianping       0712-3226017
                                                     Main Street, Yingcheng
                                                                                    Street, Yingcheng City
                                                                                    No. 1, Chaoyang Road,
                                                     Securities Branch in
           64                                                                       Yunmeng County ,Hubei                 432500        Long Nina        0712-4338338
                                                     Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
                                                                                    Province
                                                     Securities Branch in Jingui    No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
           65                                                                                                             445000     Zhang Hongkai       0718-8237528
                                                     Avenue, Enshi                  Hubei Province
                                                     Securities Branch in Jianshi   No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou
           66                                                                                                             445300        Chen Yan         0718-3230098
                                                     Yezhou Avenue                  Town, Jianshi County
                                                                                    No. 5 Chutian Road,
                                                     Securities Branch in           Badong County, Enshi Tujia
           67                                                                                                             444300      Wang Xinmao        0718-4332133
                                                     Badong Chutian Road            and Miao Autonomous
                                                                                    Prefecture, Hubei Province
                                      Enshi
                                                     Securities Branch in Laifeng   No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
           68                                                                                                             445700        Si Guoyao        0718-6288118
                  Hubei 29                           Fengxiang Road                 Laifeng County
                                                                                    Room 106, 107, Block
                                                                                    8,Nanbin Garden No.66
                                                     Securities Branch in           Nanbin Road, No. 1 Group,
           69                                                                                                             445400       Qin Xiqiong       0718-7283339
                                                     Lichuan Nanbin Avenue          Wangjiawan Village,
                                                                                    Dongcheng Street
                                                                                    Agency, Lichuan City
                                                                                    No. 249, Middle Beijing Road,
                                                     Securities Branch in Middle
           70                                                                       Shashi District, Jingzhou City,       434000        Yu Yanhua        0716-8249551
                                                     Beijing Road, Jingzhou
                                    Jingzhou                                        Hubei Province
                                                     Securities Branch in           No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
           71                                                                                                             434400        Zuo Feng         0716-7282593
                                                     Bijiashan Road, Shishou        Agency, Shishou City
                                                     Securities Branch in
                                                                                    No. 8, Chaoyang North Road,
           72                        Shiyan          Chaoyang North Road,                                                 442000         Xu Jian         0719-8240158
                                                                                    Zhangwan District, Shiyan City
                                                     Shiyan
                                                     Securities Branch in           No. 225, Shennong Avenue,
                                  Shennongjia
           73                                        Shennong Avenue,               Songbai Town, Shennongjia             442400        Liu Chao         0719-3336276
                                 Forestry District
                                                     Shennongjia                    Forestry District
                                                                                    Southeast Side of Green
                                                     Securities Branch in Minzu     Square, Lu Lane, Donghu
           74                                                                                                             430074          Xu Hui         027-87575660
                                                     Avenue, Wuhan                  Development Zone, Wuhan
                                                                                    City
                                     Wuhan
                                                                                    Room 4, 26/F, Building 5,
                                                     Securities Branch in           Fanhai International SOHO,
           75                                                                                                             430032        Wang Lin         027-83632286
                                                     Zhujiang Road, CBD, Wuhan      Wangjiadun CBD, Jianghan
                                                                                    District, Wuhan City




400
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No   Province       City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                              Securities Branch in Youyi     No. 999, Youyi Avenue, Wuhan
76                                                                                                  430080       Liu Hongyan      027-86880966
                              Avenue, Wuhan                  City
                              Securities Branch in Shouyi    No. 115, Shouyi Road, Wuchang
77                                                                                                  430060          Li Pan         027-88133377
                              Road, Wuhan                    District, Wuhan City
                                                             Room 1F-21 on 1/F and Room
                   Wuhan                                     5-13 on 15/F, Building 3, Disiman
                              Securities Branch in Wuluo
78                                                           International Center, No. 421,         430070         Liu Yong        027-87816068
                              Road, Wuhan
                                                             Wuluo Road, Wuchang District,
                                                             Wuhan City



                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                              Securities Branch in Xinhua    No. 296, Xinhua Street,
79                                                                                                  430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                              Road, Wuhan                    Jianghan District, Wuhan City
                              Securities Branch in           No. 19, Changhong North Road,
80                Xiangyang   Changhong North Road,          High-tech Zone, Xiangyang              441000       Zhang Suicui      0710-3278298
                              Xiangyang                      City
                                                             Shop 101, 102, 1/F and No.
                              Securities Branch              201, 2/F, Building 8, No.91-36
     Hubei 29
81                            in Dongmen Road,               Dongmen Road, Huangzhou                438000         Ning Yi         0713-8613915
                              Huanggang City                 District, Huanggang City, Hubei
                  Huanggang                                  Province
                              Securities Branch in           No. 55, Yongning Avenue East,
82                                                                                                  435400       Li Zhongrun       0713-6758589
                              Yongning Avenue, Wuxue         Wuxue City, Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                              Securities Branch in           No. 33, Ronghui Road, Macheng
83                                                                                                  438300         Liu Wei         0713-2772385
                              Ronghui Road, Macheng          City, Hubei Province
                              Securities Branch in Zi Long   No. 59, Zi Long Road, Dangyang
84                                                                                                  444100      Zhang Xingxin      0717-3252238
                              Road, Dangyang                 City, Hubei Province



                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                              Securities Branch in Xiling    No. 10, Xiling Yi Road, Yichang
85                                                                                                  443000      You Jianghua       0717-6229898
                              Yi Road, Yichang               City
                   Yichang    Securities Branch in           No. 23, Lucheng Qingjiang
86                                                                                                  443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                              Qingjiang Road, Yidu           Road, Yidu City
                                                             The junction of Tuanjie Road
                              Securities Branch in Park
87                                                           and Park Road, Majiadian,              443200         Feng Bo         0718-4200539
                              Road, Zhijiang
                                                             Zhijiang City
                                                             Unit 30028-30032, Fuxing
                              Securities Branch in           Commercial Plaza, No.303,
88                Changsha    Fu Rong Middle Road,           Section 1, Furong Middle Road,         410007      Tang Jingshu      0731-85561098




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                              Changsha                       Kaifu District, Changsha City,
                                                             Hunan Province
      Hunan 3
                              Securities Branch in           Beside to the Local Tax Bureau,
89                            Tianyue Avenue,Pingjiang,      Tianyue Avenue,Pingjiang               414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                   Yueyang    Yueyang                        County, Yueyang City
                              Securities Branch in           3/F, Jiamei Building, Wulipai,
90                                                                                                  414000       Chen Siyuan       0730-8240599
                              Wulipai, Yueyang               Yueyang City
                                                             No. 111, Supu Road, Donghu
                              Securities Branch in Supu
91                                                           District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi       330006         Han Tao        0791-86270340
                              Road, Nanchang
                                                             Province
                                                             North side of Room 104 and
      Jiangxi 2   Nanchang                                   Room 204, No. 2 Commerce
                              Securities Branch in           Building, Xinghehui Business
92                            Fenghezhong Avenue,            Center, 1333 Fenghezhong               330100          Wu Di          0791-83751699
                              Nanchang                       Avenue, Honggutan New
                                                             District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                             Province




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                              Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 2, Dongheng Street,
93                            Dongheng Street,                                                      213003         Yang Lu          18106123792
                                                             Changzhou City
                              Changzhou
                              Securities Branch in Heping
94                                                           No. 9, Heping North Road               213000      Liang Qiuming     0519-86618298




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                              North Road, Changzhou
                                                             No. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27, 28, Fuchen
                              Securities Branch in Taihu
95                                                           Park, Taihu East Road, Xinbei          213000       Yao Haitang      0519-86921660
                              East Road, Changzhou
                                                             District, Changzhou City
                  Changzhou
                              Securities Branch in           No. 16, Middle Yanzheng
     Jiangsu 95
96                            Middle Yanzheng Avenue,        Avenue, Wujin District,                 213159     Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                              Changzhou                      Changzhou City
                                                             No. 109, 110, 111, 112, Building
                              Securities Branch in
97                                                           1, Binhe Xingcheng ,Jintan             213200        Guo Xiang        025-83387271
                              Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                             District, Changzhou City
                              Securities Branch in South
98                                                           No. 91, South Street, Liyang City      213300       Shi Yuefeng        18961106969
                              Street, Liyang
                              Securities Branch in East      9/F, Building 1, No. 18 East
99                 Huaian                                                                            223301       Wei Xiang        0517-83907001
                              Huahai Road, Huaian            Huaihai Road, Huaian City




                                                                                                                                                   401
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                       Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                         of securities      of person in
           No    Province       City               Name                             Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                         Securities Branch in           Rooms 2, 3, 4, Building 2,
           100                           Chengde North Road,            Chengde Mansion, Huaiyin            223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988
                                         Huaiyin, Huaian                District, Huaian City
                                                                        Room 104, the Second Shop
                                                                        on the north side of Fuqian
                                         Securities Branch in Hongri
           101                                                          Yujingyuan Community,               223400          Hu Xi         0517-82660908
                                         Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian
                                                                        Lianshui County, Huaian City,
                              Huaian
                                                                        Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue,
           102                           Xiangyu Avenue, Huai’an                                            223200         Xu Aijun        0517-85198077
                                                                        Huaian District, Huaian City
                                         District, Huaian
                                                                        No. 45 Huaihe East Road,
                                         Securities Branch in Huaihe
           103                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,           211700        Kang Le         0517-88219875
                                         East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                                        Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Room 6, Building 109,
                                                                        Guangcheng Oriental City,
                                         Securities Branch in
           104                                                          No. 99 Zhenzhu South Road,           211200     Li Guangxiang      025-56235323
                                         Zhenzhu South Road, Lishui
                                                                        Yongyang Town, Lishui District,
                                                                        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        18/F, No. 101 Caochangmen
           105                           Caochangmen Street,                                                210036        Li Guoping       025-86586116
                                                                        Street, Nanjing City
                                         Nanjing
                                         Securities Branch in           1/F and 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
           106                                                                                              210005      Zhang Cuilian      025-84798478
                                         Changjiang Road, Nanjing       Road, Nanjing City
                                                                        No. 158-8 Baota Road, Chunxi
                                         Securities Branch in Baota
           107                                                          Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing      211300      Xing Jiabin       025-56816718
                                         Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                                        City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in           No. 189 Guangzhou Road,
           108                                                                                              210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                                         Guangzhou Road, Nanjing        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in Lushan    No. 168 Lushan Road, Jianye
           109                                                                                              210029     Jiang Xianming      025-83539789
                                         Road, Nanjing                  District, Nanjing City
                                         Securities Branch in Hubu      No. 15 Hubu Street, Nanjing City,
           110                                                                                              210002        Dai Yang         025-86895618
                                         Street, Nanjing                Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Rooms 801-805, Building
                 Jiangsu 95              Securities Branch in
                                                                        8, Fortune Plaza II, No. 228
           111                           Tianyuan East Road,                                                 211100         Li Ying        025-87189130
                                                                        Tianyuan East Road, Chunhua
                                         Jiangning, Nanjing
                                                                        Street, Jiangning, Nanjing City
                                         Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 20 Jiefang Road Nanjing
           112                                                                                               210016    Zhang Anzhong       025-84620977
                                         Road, Nanjing                  City
                              Nanjing    Securities Branch in           9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
           113                           Xiongzhou West Road,           West Road, Xiongzhou Street,         211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                                         Liuhe, Nanjing                 Liuhe District, Nanjing City
                                                                        12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                                         Securities Branch in           19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
           114                                                                                              210007      Yao Xiaoqiang      025-84601105
                                         Ningshuang Road, Nanjing       District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                                                                        Province
                                         Securities Branch in Yushi     No. 96 Yushi Street, Nanjing
           115                                                                                              210008         Tian Yu         025-84701234
                                         Street, Nanjing                City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in
           116                                                          No. 26 Zhimaying, Nanjing City      210004      Chu Dongbing       025-52210618
                                         Zhimaying, Nanjing
                                         Securities Branch in           No. 255 Zhonghua Road,
           117                                                                                               210001      Xu Minfeng        025-52230208
                                         Zhonghua Road, Nanjing         Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in Huatai    Room 7W4, No. 90 East
           118                           Securities Building, East      Zhongshan Road, Qinhuai             210009        Geng Kun         025-84718112
                                         Zhongshan Road, Nanjing        District, Nanjing
                                                                        1/F and 5/F, Zhongshan Junjing
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        Building, No. 333 Zhongshan
           119                           Zhongshan North Road,                                              210003      Zhang Xiaodi       025-83539281
                                                                        North Road, Gulou District,
                                         Nanjing
                                                                        Nanjing City
                                         The Third Securities Branch    Block 6, No. 399, Zhongyang
           120                           in Zhongyang Road,             Road, Nanjing City, Jiangsu          210037        Xing Qin        025-83581188
                                         Nanjing                        Province
                                                                        No. 8-2 Pusi Road, High-tech
                                         Securities Branch in Pusi
           121                                                          Industrial Development Zone,        210032        Xu Kangze        025-86334012
                                         Road, Nanjing
                                                                        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 231, Changjiang Road,
                                         Securities Branch in
           122                Nan Tong                                  Haimen Town, Haimen City,           226100         Zhu Bing       0513-82227766
                                         Changjiang Road, Haimen
                                                                        Jiangsu Province




402
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
No    Province       City                Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                             No. 93 Middle Changjiang
                              Securities Branch in Middle
                                                             Road, Hai’an Town, Hai’an
123                           Changjiang Road, Hai’an,                                             226600        Zhai Jiping     0513-88856678
                                                             County, Nantong City, Jiangsu
                              Nantong
                                                             Province
                                                             Rooms 2404-2405, South
                              Securities Branch in
124                                                          Building, Harmony City, No. 57        226000         Sha Fei         0513-85126758
                              Gongnong Road, Nantong
                                                             Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                              Securities Branch in Middle    No. 10 Middle Renmin Road,
125                                                                                                226001      Bian Xiaohong      0513-85123188
                              Renmin Road, Nantong           Nantong City, Jiangsu Province



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                             Renmin Road West, Juegang
                              Securities Branch in Renmin
126                                                          Town, Rudong County, Nantong          226400      Chen Xiaojun      0513-84883333
                              Road, Rudong, Nantong
                                                             City, Jiangsu Province
                              Securities Branch in           Room 112, Business Block 1,
127                Nan Tong   Shanghai East Road,            Xinghu Linli, Nantong City,           226009         Zhu Bing        0513-83593191
                              Nantong                        Jiangsu Province
                              Securities Branch in New       01B-2 Office, No. 170, New
128                           Century Avenue, Tongzhou,      Century Avenue, High-tech             226300        Qian Hang       0513-81692959
                              Nantong                        Zone, Nantong
                              Securities Branch in           No. 6 Yaogang Road, Nantong
129                                                                                                226006          Xu Ke         0513-85580999
                              Yaogang Road, Nantong          City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                              Securities Branch in Middle



                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
130                                                          Huilong Town, Qidong City,            226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                              Renmin Road, Qidong
                                                             Jiangsu Province
                                                             No. 2-1 & 2-2 Building Phase III,
                              Securities Branch in Fushou    Chengjianjiayuan, Rucheng



                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
131                                                                                                226500           Ji Xi        0513-81692950
                              Road, Rugao                    Town, Rugao City, Jiangsu
                                                             Province
                              Securities Branch in           No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
132                           Jinshajiang Road,              Changshu City, Jiangsu                215500          Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                              Changshu                       Province
                                                             3/F, Building 3, No. 8
                              Securities Branch in
                                                             Heilongjiang North Road,
133                           Heilongjiang North Road,                                             215300        Liu Xinglin      0512-55219166
                                                             Kunshan Development Zone,
                              Kunshan
                                                             Jiangsu Province
      Jiangsu 95              Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 1359, Ganjiang West Road,
134                           Ganjiang West Road,                                                  215004      Dong Xiaoyan       0512-68270515




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                             Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                              Suzhou
                                                             2/F, Building 2, Jinri Jiayuan (No.
                              Securities Branch in Heshan
135                                                          56, Heshan Road), Hightech            215000         Liu Xiao       0512-68785488
                              Road, Suzhou
                                                             Zone, Suzhou City
                              Securities Branch in Renmin    No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
136                                                                                                 215001      Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                              Road, Suzhou                   City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             29A, Modern Media Plaza,
                              Securities Branch in East
137                                                          No. 265 East Suzhou Avenue,           215028       Guo Hangxi       0512-67248873
                              Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                             Suzhou Industrial Park
                                                             No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                              Securities Branch in Xinshi
138                                                          District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu        215007          Yu Lin        0512-65729996
                              Road, Suzhou
                                                             Province
                    Suzhou
                                                             No. 36-1 Taiping South Road,
                              Securities Branch in Taiping
139                                                          Chengxiang Town, Taicang              215400        Lu Renyan       0512-53589559
                              South Road, Taicang
                                                             City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                             Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                                             Financial Business Center,
                              Securities Branch in
                                                             North Side of Chenjiaqiao
140                           Guangzhou Road, Shengze                                              215228      Fan Xiaofeng       0512-63910061
                                                             Village Road, Xincheng District,
                              Town, Wujiang




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                             Shengze Town, Wujiang District,
                                                             Suzhou City
                                                             No. 251, Middle Changjiang
                              Securities Branch in Middle
                                                             Road, Jingang Town,
141                           Changjiang Road, Jingang                                             215633        Zhang Lin       0512-56767800
                                                             Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu
                              Town, Zhangjiagang
                                                             Province
                              Securities Branch in           No. 2 Yangshe Road East,
142                           Yangshe East Road,             Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu            215600       Han Zongxu       0512-58220333
                              Zhangjiagang                   Province
                                                             2/F, Wuzhong Commercial
                                                             Center, Building 1, No. 198Su
                              Securities Branch in
143                                                          Street, Yuexi Subdistrict,             215104       Sun Qiang       0512-66021886
                              Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou
                                                             Wuzhong Economic
                                                             Development Zone, Suzhou




                                                                                                                                                  403
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
           No    Province        City                  Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                            Securities Branch in Gaoxin    No. 946/No.948, Gaoxin Road,
           144                  Suzhou      Road, Wujiang District,        Songling Town, Wujiang District,      215200       Zhao Yang        0512-63956208
                                            Suzhou                         Suzhou City
                                                                           No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                                            Securities Branch in
           145                                                             Street, Jiangyan District,            225500      Miao Genping      0523-88209518
                                            Jiangyan Road East
                                                                           Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in Middle    No. 150-3 Middle Renmin Road,
           146                                                                                                   214500        Dong Jun        0523-89101088
                                            Renmin Road, Jingjiang         Jingjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in           D106/D206, Hotel Building 4,
           147                              Guoqing West Road,             Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,         225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                                Taizhou     Taixing                        Jiangsu Province

                                            Securities Branch in           Room 02, Building 6,
                                                                           Dushijiayuan Phase I, Jingang
           148                              Jingang South Road,                                                  225300       Zhang Zhan       0523-86985597
                                                                           South Road, Gaogang District,
                                            Gaogang, Taizhou               Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in Middle
                                                                           No. 198 Middle Yingwu Road,
           149                              Yingwu Road, Xinghua,                                                225700          Su Bin        0523-83256333
                                                                           Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                                            Taizhou
                                            Securities Branch in Futai     5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
           150                                                                                                    214421         Yu Bo         0510-86837528
                                            Road, Jiangyin                 Futai Road, Jiangyin City
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 680, Huandong Road,
           151                              Huandong Road, Huashi          Huashi Town, Jiangyin City,            214421      Zhong Hua        0510-86837400
                                            Town, Jiangyin                 Jiangsu province
                                            Securities Branch in West      No. 318, West Avenue,
           152                              Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,       Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin             214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660193
                                            Jiangyin                       City, Jiangsu province
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 10, Hongqiao North Road,
           153                              Hongqiao North Road,                                                  214411       Gu Chun         0510-86837472
                                                                           Changjing Town, Jiangyin City
                                            Changjing Town, Jiangyin
                                            Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                                           No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
           154                              Road, Qingyang Town,                                                  214401      Liu Chaohui       0510-86817241
                                                                           Town, Jiangyin City
                                            Jiangyin
                                            Securities Branch in Shenpu    No. 108 Shenpu Road, Lingang
           155                                                                                                   214443       Huang Yaqiu      0510-81666278
                 Jiangsu 95      Wuxi       Road, Lingang, Jiangyin        Subdistrict, Jiangyin City
                                                                           1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
                                            Securities Branch in
           156                                                             Liangqing Road, Wuxi City,            214000         Wan Lei         0510-82768155
                                            Liangqing Road, Wuxi
                                                                           Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 327 Jiefang West Road,
           157                                                                                                   214000        Zhang Ye        0510-82722975
                                            West Road, Wuxi                Wuxi City
                                                                           Unit 01B, First Floor, No. 11,
                                            Securities Branch in
           158                                                             Financial First Street, Taihu New      214123        Tang Kai       0510-85065672
                                            Financial First Street, Wuxi
                                                                           City, Binhu District, Wuxi City
                                                                           1/F, Shuili Building, Nanhebang
                                            Securities Branch in Yongle    No. 12, Yongle Road, Nanchang
           159                                                                                                    214021      You Lingyan       0510-85045101
                                            Road, Wuxi                     District, Wuxi City, Jiangsu
                                                                           Province
                                                                           No. 177 Jiefang East Road,
                                            Securities Branch in Jiefang
           160                                                             Yicheng Subdistrict, Yixing City,     214299          Liu Hui       0510-80793526
                                            East Road, Yixing
                                                                           Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 69 Tongguan South Road,
           161                Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,           Haizhou District, Lianyungang          222001         Liu Lei       0518-85519068
                                            Lianyungang                    Jiangsu Province
                                                                           No. 17 (on the first floor of CCB),
                                            Securities Branch in Beijing
           162                                                             Beijing North Road, Shucheng          223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
                                            North Road, Shuyang
                                                                           Town, Shuyang County
                                            Securities Branch in Hongze    No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
           163                                                                                                   223800       Zhang Yang       0527-84390068
                                            Lake Road, Suqian              Suqian City
                                                                           Room 103, Building 23,
                                                                           Fuyuantianjun, Tiyu North
                                Suqian                                     Road, Qingyang Town, Sihong
                                            Securities Branch in Tiyu
           164                                                             County, Jiangsu Province              223900        Zheng Hai       0527-89889601
                                            North Road, Sihong, Suqian
                                                                           (Sihong County Economic
                                                                           Development Zone, Jiangsu
                                                                           Province)
                                            Securities Branch in Middle    No. 1 Middle Beijing Road,
           165                              Beijing Road, Siyang,          Zhongxing Town, Siyang                223700          Wu Yi          0527-85181112
                                            Suqian                         County




404
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                           Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                             of securities      of person in
No    Province       City                Name                            Address                Zip code      branches             charge


                                                             Room 103, F/1 & Rooms 306,
                               Securities Branch in          307 and 308, F/3, Technology
166                                                                                             221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                               Science Park, Xuzhou          Building, Technology Avenue,
                                                             Quanshan District, Xuzhou City
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No.2,Tangmu Road, Pei County,
167                            Tangmu Road, Pei County,                                         221600         Luo Wei        0516-81202066
                                                             Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                               Xuzhou
                               Securities Branch in          No. 117 Qingnian Road, Yunlong
168                                                                                             221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                               Qingnian Road, Xuzhou         District, Xuzhou City



                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                             Rooms 104, 205, 206, 214 and
                               Securities Branch in Renmin   215, Unit 1, Building 1, Hongrui
169                                                                                             221200        Zhang Lei        0516-81307121
                               East Road, Suining, Xuzhou    Jiadi, Renmin East Road,
                                                             Suicheng Town, Suining County
                    Xuzhou
                                                             101-2, Wenyuan Building, No. 59
                               Securities Branch in Heping
170                                                          Heping Road, Yunlong District,      221116    Wang Guihang       0516-83538896
                               Road, Xuzhou
                                                             Xuzhou City
                                                             Room 109, F/1 & Room 205, F/2,
                               Securities Branch in          Caifu Square 1A Building, No.
171                                                                                             221000         Lin Yan        0516-85803998
                               Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou     75 Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou
                                                             City
                               Securities Branch in Daqiao   No. 8 Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
172                                                                                             221400        Wang Lei        0516-88989808
                               West Road, Xinyi              Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                             (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
173                            Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                            221700      Chen Yanzhi      0516-66650130
                                                             Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                               County, Xuzhou



                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                             Jiangsu Province
                               Securities Branch in Renmin   Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
174                            South Road, Dafeng,           B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng          224100         Yang Fei       0515-83928806
                               Yancheng                      District, Yancheng
                                                             Rooms 8017 & 8018, Building 3,
                               Securities Branch in Middle
175                                                          Shangye New Village, No. 78        224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                               Hailing, Dongtai
                                                             Middle Hailing, Dongtai
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 63(C), Chenghe Road,
176                            Chenghe Road, Funing,                                            224400       Fu Yacheng        0515-87875111
                   Yancheng                                  Funing County
                               Yancheng
                                                             Room 15-103 and Room 15-




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
      Jiangsu 95
                                                             104, No. 15 Commercial and
                               Securities Branch in South    Residential Building, No. 16
177                            Hongxing Alley, Binhai,       Commercial and Office              224500      Zhou Dehong        0515-87021988
                               Yancheng                      Building, Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29
                                                             South Hongxing Alley, Dongkan
                                                             Street, Binhai County
                               Securities Branch in
178                            Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou,        No. 37 Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou       225600        Guan Yizhi      0514-84666552
                               Yangzhou
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 10, Yeting East Road,
179                            Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                       225800        Zuo Enlin       0514-88230488
                                                             Baoying County
                               Yangzhou
                                                             No. 220, 222, 226, Business
                               Securities Branch in South    Buildings, Longchuan Road,
180                            Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,      Zhongyuan Europe City,             225200     Wang Hongmei       0514-86534998




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                               Yangzhou                      Xiannv Town, Jiangdu District,
                   Yangzhou                                  Yangzhou City
                                                             (Park International Building)
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 56 Wenchang West
181                            Wenchang West Road,                                              225000        Cheng Li        0514-85863888
                                                             Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu
                               Yangzhou




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                                             Province
                               Securities Branch in          No. 406, Wenchang Middle
182                            Wenchang Middle Road,         Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu       225001     Zhang Jingbao      0514-87055888
                               Yangzhou                      Province
                               Securities Branch in          No. 101 Zhenzhou East Road,
183                            Zhenzhou East Road,           Zhenzhou Town, Yizheng City,        211400       Lu Zaiyan       0514-83962098
                               Yizheng, Yangzhou             Jiangsu Province
                                                             No. 235 Cuizhu South
                               Securities Branch in Cuizhu
184                                                          Road, Sanmao Subdistrict,           212200        Ling Qi        0511-88399933
                               South Road, Yangzhong
                                                             Yangzhong City
                               Securities Branch in          Rooms 101-102, Building 56,
185                Zhenjiang   Guyang Avenue, Dantu,         Shengdiyage, Dantu District,       212000       Hou Yeping        0511-85115898
                               Zhenjiang                     Zhenjiang City
                               Securities Branch in          No. 25, Dongfang Road,
186                            Dongfang Road, Danyang,       Development Zone of Danyang         212300     Hou Yonghua        0511-86699772
                               Zhenjiang                     City




                                                                                                                                               405
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No     Province       City                 Name                            Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                          No. 8-2 Huayang North Road,
           187   Jiangsu 95    Zhenjiang   Huayang North Road,                                                 212400          Xu Kai        0511-85979998
                                                                          Huayang Town, Jurong City
                                           Jurong, Zhenjiang
                                                                          No. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1,
                                                                          No. 227 Market Street; No. 223
                                           Securities Branch in Shengli
           188                                                            and 231, Market Street, Xigang        116013       Tang Wei         0411-82815866
                                           East Road, Dalian
                                                                          District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                                Dalian
                                                                          Province
                                                                          No. 4, Meiduyuan, Shahekou
                                           Securities Branch in Lianhe
           189                                                            District, Dalian City, Liaoning       116021       Zhang Sai       0411-84342688
                                           Road, Dalian
                                                                          Province
                                           Securities Branch in Shiyou    Jiguanwei, Shiyou Street,
           190                  Panjin                                                                          124010       Wang Ran         0427-3257500
                                           Street, Panjin                 Xinglongtai District, Panjin City
                                                                          No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                                           Securities Branch in Daxi
           191   Liaoning 7                                               District, Shenyang City, Liaoning     110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                                           Road, Shenyang
                                                                          Province
                                                                          Floors 2-5, No. 23, Guangrong
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                          Street, Heping District,
           192                             Guangrong Street,                                                    110003       Liu Zhiwei       024-31883577
                               Shenyang                                   Shenyang City, Liaoning
                                           Shenyang
                                                                          Province
                                                                          No. 320 (Building group 201),
                                           Securities Branch in           Qingnian Street, Heping District,
           193                                                                                                  110004    Zhang Hongxing      024-31883388
                                           Qingnian Street, Shenyang      Shenyang City, Liaoning
                                                                          Province
                                           Securities Branch in Bohai     No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
           194                 Yingkou                                                                          115000        Jia Jing        0417-3350961
                                           Street, Yingkou                Zhanqian District
                                                                          West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,
                                           Securities Branch in Jingqi
           195                                                            No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong        250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                                           Road, Jinan
                                                                          District, Jinan City
                                                                          Rooms C106 & C108, Zone C,
                                                                          1F and rooms B200, B202 &
                                           Securities Branch in
           196                   Jinan                                    206, Zone B, 2F, Huate Plaza,        250061       Wang Qiang        0531-82318318
                                           Qianfoshan Road, Jinan
                                                                          No. 17703, Jingshi Road, Lixia
                                                                          District, Jinan City
                                                                          102 Zhengda Times Square, No.
                                           Securities Branch in Jiefang
           197                                                            112, Jiefang Road, Lixia District,   250013     Cheng Gaofeng      0531-85829568
                                           Road, Jinan
                                                                          Jinan City, Shandong Province
                                                                          No. 32, Changshan Road,
                                           Securities Branch in
           198   Shandong 7                                               Laiyang City, Shandong               265200     Zhang Baigang       0535-7999111
                                           Changshan Road, Laiyang
                                                                          Province
                                Yantai
                                                                          No. 85, Jinhua Street, Zhifu
                                           Securities Branch in Jinhua
           199                                                            District, Yantai City, Shandong      264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                                           Street, Yantai
                                                                          Province
                                                                          No. 79 West Hong Kong, Shinan
                                           Securities Branch in West
           200                 Qingdao                                    District, Qingdao, Shandong          266071       Cui Junfeng      0532-85713938
                                           Hong Kong, Qingdao
                                                                          Province
                                                                          Room 101, Block B,
                                                                          Weitetianyuan Square,
                                           Securities Branch in
           201                   Linyi                                    Jinqueshan Road, Lanshan             276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                                           Jinqueshan Road, Linyi
                                                                          District, Linyi City, Shandong
                                                                          Province
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                          Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
           202                             Jiangning Road, Putuo                                               200060     Huang Weiqing       021-33532200
                                                                          Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                                           District, Shanghai
                                           Securities Branch in           Zones A, B, C, 15/F, No. 5199,
           203                             Gonghe New Road,               Gonghe New Road, Baoshan             200435         Xie Feng        021-56761987
                                           Shanghai                       District, Shanghai
                                           Securities Branch in Guobin    Rooms 1801-1804, No. 36,
           204                             Road, Yangpu District,         Guobin Road, Yangpu District,        200433         Xu Shan         021-33621855
                                           Shanghai                       Shanghai
                 Shanghai 15   Shanghai    Securities Branch in           4/F, No. 333, Huanghe Road,
           205                                                                                                 200003         He Wei          021-63181398
                                           Huanghe Road, Shanghai         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                                                          Room 5003-05 (actual room
                                           Securities Branch in Raffles   numbers are 4403A, 4403B,
           206                             Square, Huangpu District,      4404), No. 268, Central Tibet        200042        Ruan Jing        021-63550001
                                           Shanghai                       Road, Huangpu District,
                                                                          Shanghai
                                           Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                                          Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai
           207                             Road, Jing’an District,                                             200041       Rui Xiaoxiao      021-62678287
                                                                          Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                           Shanghai




406
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                 Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                   of securities      of person in
No     Province       City                  Name                             Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                Securities Branch in
                                                                 5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
208                             Mudanjiang Road,                                                      201999     Duan Baodong        021-56106616
                                                                 Baoshan District, Shanghai
                                Shanghai
                                Securities Branch in             Room 102, No. 2, Block 2, Alley
209                             Wangyuan South Road,             1529 Wangyuan South Road,            201400       Yang Junjie       021-67136006
                                Fengxian District, Shanghai      Fengxian District, Shanghai
                                                                 Rooms 03B-05A, 26/F (actual
                                Securities Branch in Fushan
                                                                 floor number: 23/F), No. 388,
210                             Road, Pudong New District,                                            200120      Wang Yuehao        021-20773068
                                                                 Fushan Road, Shanghai Pilot
                                Shanghai


                                                                                                                                                              About Us
                                                                 Free Trade Zone, China
                                Securities Branch in             Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
211                             Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui          No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road,           200030     Zhang Renrong       021-54254885
                                District, Shanghai               Xuhui District, Shanghai
      Shanghai 15   Shanghai
                                Securities Branch in Xianxia     No. 1398-1, Xianxia Road,
212                             Road, Changning District,        Changning District, Shanghai         200336        Li Zhongyi       021-52983009
                                Shanghai                         (Temporary)
                                Securities Branch in             6/F, 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding Road,
213                                                                                                   200040          Qi Lili        021-62566063
                                Wuding Road, Shanghai            Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                Securities Branch in Tibet       Rooms 506-509, 5/F, No. 1313
214                                                                                                    200011        Shi Cao         021-53078867
                                South Road, Shanghai             Tibet South Road, Huangpu
                                Securities Branch in             District, Shanghai 1-3/F, No. 642,




                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
215                             Miaojing Road, Pudong            Miaojing Road, Pudong New            201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                New District, Shanghai           District, Shanghai
                                Securities Branch in             Unit 05, 1F, No. 1229, Century
216                             Century Avenue, Pudong           Avenue, Shanghai Pilot Free          200120       Huang Wei         021-58392077



                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                New District, Shanghai           Trade Zone, China
                                                                 Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                                 10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                                Securities Branch in Jinhui
217                                                              Section, Fucheng Avenue, Hi-         610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                                West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                                 tech Zone, Chengdu, China
                                                                 (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                The Second Securities            5/F, BOC Building, No. 45,
218                             Branch in Nanyihuan Road,        Yihuan Road South Section III,        610041     Gao Xiongwei       028-85512252
                                Chengdu                          Wuhou District, Chengdu City
                                                                 Rooms 702 & 703, 7/F,
                                Securities Branch in Renmin      Xinxiwang Building, No. 45,




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
219                                                                                                    610031       Li Huiying      028-85590880
                                South Road, Chengdu              Renmin Road South Section IV,
                                                                 Wuhou District, Chengdu City
                    Chengdu
                                                                 Rooms 301, 302, 410, 411 and 412,
                                Securities Branch in Shujin      Block C, Jinshawanrui Center,
220    Sichuan 7                                                                                       610091         Li Hui         028-61505176
                                Road, Chengdu                    No. 1, Shujin Road, Qingyang
                                                                 District, Chengdu City
                                                                 Rooms 240, 242, 244 and 246,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                 Zhengdong Central Street,
                                Zhengdong Central
221                                                              Huayang Subdistrict, Tianfu           610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                Street, Tianfu New District,
                                                                 New District, Chengdu City,
                                Chengdu
                                                                 Sichuan Province
                                                                 Annex 13, 14 of No. 68, Yuanlin
                                Securities Branch in Shixili ,
222                                                              Road, Xipu Town, Pidu District,       611731        Liu Feng        028-87843269
                                Xipu, Chengdu
                                                                 Chengdu City
                                                                 No. 22, Block 3, No. 13, Kaifeng




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                                Securities Branch in Kaifeng
                                                                 North Road, Kaijiang Town,
223                  Deyang     North Road, Zhongjiang                                                 618100     Shang Guang        0838-7201167
                                                                 Zhongjiang County, Deyang
                                County, Deyang
                                                                 City, Sichuan Province
                                                                 No. 3, Postal Communications
                                Securities Branch in             Production Building, No. 2,




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
224    Guizhou 1     Guiyang    Zhonghua Road North,             Zhonghua Road North, Yunyan          550001       Xiong Lihan       0851-84109471
                                Guiyang                          District, Guiyang City, Guuizhou
                                                                 Province
                                                                 Room 1503, 15/F, Unit 2, No.9
                                 Securities Branch in
225   Chongqing 1   Chongqing                                    Huixianyan Square, Jiangbei          400084       He Xiaoping       023-68901837
                                Jiangbeizui, Chongqing
                                                                 District, Chongqing
                                Securities Branch in Baidi       No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
226                                                                                                   300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                Road, Tianjin                    District
                                                                 Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
                                Securities Branch in Erwei
                                                                 Building, No. 9, Erwei Road,
227                             Road, Dongli Development                                              300399       Liu Yongjun       022-84373801
       Tianjin 4     Tianjin                                     Dongli Development Zone,
                                Zone, Tianjin
                                                                 Tianjin City
                                                                 Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                                Securities Branch in Qinjian
228                                                              Yunhan Building, No. 185,            300130       Xu Jianguo        022-26532286
                                Road, Tianjin
                                                                 Qinjian Road, Hongqiao District




                                                                                                                                                     407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No    Province       City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        Unit 07, 08, 09, 10, 2/F, Building
                                         Securities Branch in
           229    Tianjin 4    Tianjin                                  1, No. 40, Huachang Road,               300151      Zhang Feng        022-58811908
                                         Huachang Road, Tianjin
                                                                        Hedong District, Tianjin City
                                                                        No. 753, Gannan Road, Gulou
                                         Securities Branch in           Lane Subdistrict, Chengguan
           230    Gansu 1     Lanzhou                                                                          730000          Fu Jie          0931-8106511
                                         Gannan Road, Lanzhou           District, Lanzhou City, Gansu
                                                                        Province
                                                                        1/F and 6/F, Western Culture
                                         Securities Branch in Wenyi     Plaza, No. 11, Wenyi North Road,
           231                                                                                                 710054        Jia Gang         029-87889991
                                         North Road, Xi’an              Beilin District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi
                 Shaanxi 2      Xi’an                                   Province
                                                                        1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                                         Securities Branch in
           232                                                          Zhangba East Road, Yanta               710065          Hu Kai         029-85587020
                                         Zhangba East Road, Xi’an
                                                                        District, Xi’an City
                                         Securities Branch in Wusi      Unit 1, 14/F, No. 33, Wusi Road,
           233   Qinghai 1     Xining                                                                          810000         Liang Xu        0971-6368338
                                         Road, Xining                   Chengxi District, Xining City
                                         Securities Branch in Jiefang   8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
           234   Xinjiang 1    Yining                                                                          835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                                         West Road, Yining City         Jiefang West Road, Yining City
                                                                        No. 51, Xinhua West Street,
                                         Securities Branch in Xinhua
           235   Ningxia 1    Yinchuan                                  Yinchuan City, the Ningxia Hui         750004         Liu Ming        0951-6019666
                                         West Street, Yinchuan
                                                                        Autonomous Region
                                                                        Room 901, Di Kai Yin Zuo, No. 29,
                                         Securities Branch in Jiefang   Jiefang East Road, Jianggan
           236                                                                                                 310004        Zhao Nan         0571-28809281
                                         East Road, Hangzhou            District, Hangzhou City,
                                                                        Zhejiang Province
                              Hangzhou                                  Room 501B and 805, North
                                                                        Block of Xi yuan Building, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Qiushi
           237                                                          8, Qiushi Road, Xihu District,         310007       Zhu Weizhou      0571-87756088
                                         Road, Hangzhou
                                                                        Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
                                                                        3/F, Office Building, No. 230,
                                         Securities Branch in Liuting
           238                 Ningbo                                   Liuting Street, Haishu District,        315010        Ren Xin        0574-87023678
                                         Street, Ningbo
                                                                        Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101
                                                                        & 102) and No. 217 (233, 234
                                         Securities Branch in Fushan,                                                          Zhang
           239                Shaoxing                                  & 236-241) Huancheng West              312000                        0575-85222916
                                         Shaoxing                                                                            Zhengxing
                                                                        Road, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang
                 Zhejiang 8
                                                                        Province
                                                                        No. 8-13, 1/F, Yangguang
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        Building, Xinqiao Village,
           240                Wenzhou    Yangguang Avenue,                                                     325102        Liu Jiexing     0577-66992188
                                                                        Jiangbei Subdistrict, Yongjia
                                         Yongjia
                                                                        County, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        Rooms 802 & 803, No. 118,
                                         Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 116-1, Jiefang East Road,
           241                Zhoushan                                                                          316100    Zhang Mingfeng     0580-3066008
                                         East Road, Zhoushan            Dinghai District, Zhoushan City,
                                                                        Zhejiang Province
                                                                        Northeast Section, Room 104,
                                         Securities Branch in           Donggang Office Building, No.
           242                Taizhou                                                                          318000       Chen Huang       0576-89811389
                                         Zhongxin Avenue, Taizhou       183, Zhongxin Avenue, Taizhou
                                                                        City, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        No. 1115, No. 1119, Fanggong
                                         Securities Branch in
           243                 Jiaxing                                  Road, Jiaxing City, Zhejiang           314000         Jing Wei       0573-82862312
                                         Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                                        Province




408
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 III. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


1. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


 No     Date                                                                  Announcement



 1    2020-01-06   Announcement by HTSC on Results on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited


                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
 2    2020-01-07   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for Short-term Debentures (First Tranche) in 2020

 3    2020-01-10   Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for December 2019

                   Announcement by HTSC on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings in Current Year Exceeding Net Assets at the End of Previous Year
 4    2020-01-15
                   by 40%

                   Extraordinary Report by GF Securities Co., Ltd. on the Entrusted Management Affairs in Relation to Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
 5    2020-01-18
                   Co., Ltd.

                   Extraordinary Report by Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. on the Entrusted Management Affairs in Relation to Major Events of
                   Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Extraordinary Report by China International Capital Corporation Limited on the Entrusted
 6    2020-01-21
                   Management Affairs in Relation to Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in Current Year Exceeding Net
                   Assets at the End of Previous Year by 40%




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
 7    2020-01-23   Announcement by HTSC on Positive Profit Alert for the 2019 Annual Results

                   Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Third Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board and Independent Opinion of HTSC
 8    2020-01-31
                   Independent Directors on Engagement of Chief Financial Officer



                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
 9    2020-02-08   Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for January 2020

 10   2020-02-12   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for Short-term Debentures (Second Tranche) in 2020

                   Announcement by HTSC on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Announcement by HTSC on
 11   2020-02-13   Settlement the Principal and Interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2017 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) (Category II)
                   and Announcement by HTSC on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of Dollar Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiaries

                   Announcement by HTSC on Approval of Qualification as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by HTSC on the
 12   2020-02-19
                   Appointment of Certain Senior Management

                   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for Short-term Debentures (Third Tranche) in 2020 and Announcement by HTSC on the
 13   2020-02-29
                   Resolutions of the Fourth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                   H Share Announcement by HTSC-Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended February 29, 2020,
 14   2020-03-04
                   Announcement by HTSC on Reply from the CSRC in Relation to Conducting Pilot Fund Investment Advisory Business

                   Announcement by HTSC on Settlement the Principal and Interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2018 Non-publicly Issued Subordinated
 15   2020-03-05
                   Bonds(First Tranche)

 16   2020-03-06   Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for February 2020

                   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for Short - term Debentures (Fourth Tranche) in 2020 and Announcement by HTSC on the
 17   2020-03-07
                   Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Change in the Chairman of its Subsidiaries

 18   2020-03-11   Announcement by HTSC on the Appointment of Mr. Li Shiqian, a member of Executive Committee

 19   2020-03-12   Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment of 2019 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type I)

 20   2020-03-19   H Share Announcement by HTSC-Date of Board Meeting

 21   2020-03-20   Announcement by HTSC on Reply from the CSRC in Relation to Approval on Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds

                   Announcement on Issuance of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche), Prospectus of 2020




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                   Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche), Prospectus Summary of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC
 22   2020-03-23
                   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche), Credit Rating Report on 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified
                   Investors (First Tranche)

                   Announcement on Extension of Bookkeeping Time of 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
 23   2020-03-24   Investors (First Tranche), Announcement on Extension of Bookkeeping Time of 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche)

 24   2020-03-25   Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche)

 25   2020-03-26   Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche)

 26   2020-03-27   Announcement by HTSC on the Online Briefing on the Annual Results of 2019

 27   2020-03-30   Announcement by HTSC on Approval on Formal Pilot Implementation of Consolidated Supervision




                                                                                                                                                               409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                                 Announcement



                             2019 Annual Report of HTSC, 2019 Annual Report Summary of HTSC, Annual Internal Control Audit Report in 2019, Special Review Report
                             on Deposit and Actual Use of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.’s Funds Raised in 2019 by Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. and Huatai United
                             Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Performance of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of HTSC in 2019, Special Verification Opinions
                             on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2020 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. by Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd.
                             and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., 2019 Annual Report on Continuously Performing Supervision on Non-Public Issuance of A Shares by
                             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. of Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Reports from Guotai Junan Securities
                             Co., Ltd. and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. on Ongoing Supervision, Sponsoring and Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.’s Non-
                             public Issuance of A Shares, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of HTSC in 2019, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the
                             Fifth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Independent Opinion of HTSC Independent Directors on Matters Concerning 2019 Annual
                             Report of the Company, Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of HTSC on Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
           28   2020-03-31   Centralized Price Bidding, Independent Opinion on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company
                             of HTSC’s Independent Directors, Personal Statements of Nominators of HTSC Independent Director Candidates, Personal Statements
                             of HTSC Independent Director Candidates, Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of HTSC in 2019, Announcement on the re-
                             appointment of the accounting firm by HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Fifth Session of
                             the Board, Announcement by HTSC on Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company, Announcement on Anticipation of
                             Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2020 of HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized
                             Price Bidding, 2019 Annual Auditing Report, Special Explanation on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other
                             Associated Funds for 2019, Report on Performance of Duties of HTSC’s Independent Directors in 2019, Special Report on Deposit and
                             Actual Use of the Funds Raised in 2019 by HTSC, Corporate Social Responsibility Report of HTSC for 2019, Assurance Report on the Special
                             Report on Deposit and Actual Use of HTSC Fund Raised in 2019, Special Explanation by HTSC on Matters of Changes in Accounting
                             Policies in 2019

           29   2020-04-03   Announcement by HTSC on the Plan on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited

                             Report on Repurchase of A Shares by HTSC through Centralized Bidding Trading, Legal Opinions from Shanghai Office of King & Wood
                             Mallesons on Repurchase of Part of A Shares by HTSC through Centralized Bidding Trading, Announcement by HTSC on Shareholdings
           30   2020-04-07   of Top Ten Shareholders and Top Ten Holders of Shares not Subject to Lock-up, Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate
                             Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors(First Tranche), Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the
                             Month Ended March 31, 2020

                             Announcement by HTSC on Change in the General Manager of Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd., Announcement by HTSC
           31   2020-04-08   on Initial Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Bidding Trading, H Share Announcement of HTSC Next Day
                             Disclosure Return

           32   2020-04-09   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

           33   2020-04-10   Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for March 2020

           34   2020-04-14   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment of 2019 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)
           35   2020-04-15
                             (Category I), H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

           36   2020-04-16   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited

           37   2020-04-18   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Date of Board Meeting

                             Prospectus of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche), Credit Rating Report on 2020
                             Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche), Prospectus Summary of 2020 Corporate Bonds of
           38   2020-04-24
                             HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche), Announcement on Issuance of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly
                             Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)

                             Announcement on Extension of Bookkeeping Time of 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified
                             Investors (Second Tranche), Announcement on Extension of Bookkeeping Time of 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           39   2020-04-27
                             Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche), Announcement on Extension of Bookkeeping Time of 2020 Corporate Bonds of
                             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)

           40   2020-04-28   Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)

                             Announcement by HTSC on Results of Tracking Rating of Corporate Bonds Issued in 2013, 2016, 2018, 2019 and 2020, Financial Bonds
                             Issued in 2019 and Subordinated Bonds Issued in 2018, Report on Tracking Rating of HTSC and 13 Huatai 02, 16 Huatai G2, 16Huatai G4, 18
                             Huatai G1, 18 Huatai G2, 19 Huatai G1, 19 Huatai G3 and 20 Huatai G1 Issued by It, Report on Tracking Rating of 2019Financial Bonds of HTSC
           41   2020-04-29   (First Tranche), Report on Tracking Rating of 2018 Non-publicly Issued Subordinated Bonds (Second Tranche) by HTSC, Announcement
                             by HTSC on settlement the principal and interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2017 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche)
                             (Category II), Announcement by HTSC on2020 Interest Payment and Delisting for 2018 Non-publicly IssuedSubordinated Bonds (Second
                             Tranche) (Type I)

                             Text of First Quarterly Report of 2020 of HTSC, First Quarterly Report of 2020 of HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the
           42   2020-04-30   Sixth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Notice of HTSC 2019 Annual General Meeting, Document of HTSC 2019 Annual General
                             Meeting, Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)

           43   2020-05-06   Report on the Entrusted Management Affairs in Relation to the 2013 Corporate Bonds of HTSC (Year 2019) (Ten-year bonds)

                             Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding, Announcement
           44   2020-05-07   by HTSC on the Appointment of General Manager of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd., H Share Announcement
                             of HTSC-Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended April 30, 2020

           45   2020-05-08   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

           46   2020-05-09   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for April 2020, H Share Announcement of HTSC Next Day
           47   2020-05-12
                             Disclosure Return

           48   2020-05-13   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

           49   2020-05-14   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return




410
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
No     Date                                                                Announcement



50   2020-05-15   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

51   2020-05-16   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

52   2020-05-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

53   2020-05-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

54   2020-05-21   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

55   2020-05-22   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

56   2020-05-23   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

57   2020-05-26   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return


                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
58   2020-05-27   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

59   2020-05-28   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

60   2020-05-29   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

61   2020-05-30   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

62   2020-06-02   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding, Second Notice
                  of HTSC 2019 Annual General Meeting, Announcement by HTSC on Change in Registered Address of Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., a
63   2020-06-03
                  Holding Subsidiary of the Company, H Share Announcement of HTSC-Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the
                  Month Ended May 31, 2020, Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
64   2020-06-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Announcement by HTSC on Results on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Announcement on Key
65   2020-06-05
                  Financial Information of Business Operation for May 2020, H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
66   2020-06-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return, Proposed 2019 Final Dividend and Closure of Register of Members

67   2020-06-09   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures of HTSC (Fifth Tranche), H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day
68   2020-06-10
                  Disclosure Return

69   2020-06-11   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

70   2020-06-12   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

71   2020-06-13   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

72   2020-06-16   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                  Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures of HTSC (Sixth Tranche), H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day
73   2020-06-17
                  Disclosure Return

74   2020-06-18   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Legal Opinion of HTSC 2019 Annual General Meeting, Articles of Association of HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on Resolutions of 2019
75   2020-06-19
                  Annual General Meeting, H Share Announcement of HTSC Next Day Disclosure Return

76   2020-06-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC-Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding, H Share
77   2020-07-03
                  Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 June 2020)

                  Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for June 2020, Announcement by HTSC on Implementation
                  of Equity Distribution for 2019, Special Legal Opinions from Shanghai Office of King & Wood Mallesons on Differentiated Distribution
78   2020-07-09
                  of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by HTSC on Adjustment of Price Cap for Repurchase of A Shares after
                  Implementation of Annual Profit Distribution Plan for 2019

79   2020-07-16   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Seventh Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
80   2020-07-17   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

81   2020-07-18   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

82   2020-07-21   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
83   2020-07-22   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

84   2020-07-23   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

85   2020-07-24   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

86   2020-07-25   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

87   2020-07-28   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

88   2020-07-29   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

89   2020-07-30   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

90   2020-07-31   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

91   2020-08-01   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                  Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding, H Share
92   2020-08-04   Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 July 2020, Next Day
                  Disclosure Return)




                                                                                                                                                         411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                             Announcement



           93    2020-08-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Proposed Offer and Sale of Common Stock of its Subsidiary Assetmark, H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next
           94    2020-08-06
                              Day Disclosure Return)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for July 2020, H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day
           95    2020-08-07
                              Disclosure Return)

           96    2020-08-08   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

           97    2020-08-11   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings in Current Year Exceeding Net Assets at the End of Previous Year
           98    2020-08-12
                              by 20%, H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Eighth Tranche), H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date
           99    2020-08-15
                              of Board Meeting)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to
           100   2020-08-26
                              Professional Investors

                              HTSC 2020 Interim Report Summary, HTSC 2020 Interim Report, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of
           101   2020-08-27
                              the Fifth Session of the Board, Insiders Registration Management and Confidentiality System of HTSC (Revised in 2020)

           102   2020-09-02   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

           103   2020-09-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 August 2020)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional
           104   2020-09-10
                              Investors

           105   2020-09-16   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Ninth Tranche)

           106   2020-09-26   Announcement by HTSC on Election of Chairman by Holding Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, H Share Announcement of HTSC
           107   2020-10-09
                              (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 September 2020)

           108   2020-10-10   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

           109   2020-10-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated Bonds to
           110   2020-10-28
                              Professional Investors

           111   2020-10-31   Huatai Securities 2020 Third Quarterly Report

           112   2020-11-03   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

           113   2020-11-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 October 2020)

           114   2020-12-02   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

           115   2020-12-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 November 2020)

                              Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Qualification as a Market Maker on the London Stock Exchange by an Overseas Subsidiary of the
           116   2020-12-15
                              Company

           117   2020-12-18   Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Tenth Tranche)




412
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk):


 No     Date                                                                   Announcement



 1    2020-01-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended December 31, 2019

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Results on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment
 2    2020-01-06
                   Group Limited, Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures of HTSC (First Tranche)

 3    2020-01-09   Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for December 2019

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings in Current Year Exceeding


                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
 4    2020-01-14
                   Net Assets at the End of Previous Year by 40%

 5    2020-01-22   Positive Profit Alert for the 2019 Annual Results

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Independent Opinion of HTSC Independent Directors on Engagement of Chief Financial Officer of
 6    2020-01-23
                   the Company, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Third Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

 7    2020-02-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended January 31, 2020

 8    2020-02-07   Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for January 2020

 9    2020-02-11   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures of HTSC (Second Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of Dollar Bonds of Wholly-
                   owned Offshore Subsidiaries, Announcement by HTSC on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited,
 10   2020-02-12
                   Announcement by HTSC on Settlement the Principal and Interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2017 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (First



                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                   Tranche) (Category II)

                   Approval of Qualification as Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on
 11   2020-02-18
                   the Appointment of Certain Senior Management



                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures of HTSC (Third Tranche),
 12   2020-02-28
                   Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Fourth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended February 29, 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-
 13   2020-03-03
                   Announcement by HTSC on Reply from the CSRC in Relation to Conducting Pilot Fund Investment Advisory Business

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Settlement the Principal and Interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2018
 14   2020-03-04
                   Non-publicly Issued Subordinated Bonds (First Tranche)

 15   2020-03-05   Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for February 2020

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Fourth Tranche of Short-
 16   2020-03-06   term Debt Instruments, Announcement by HTSC on the Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Change in the Chairman of its




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                   Subsidiaries

 17   2020-03-10   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on theAppointment of Mr. Li Shiqian, a member of Executive Committee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2019 publicly Issued Corporate Bonds to
 18   2020-03-11
                   Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type I)

 19   2020-03-19   Date of Board Meeting

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Reply from the CSRC in Relation to Approval on Public Issuance of
 20   2020-03-19
                   Corporate Bonds

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Online Briefing on the Annual Results of 2019, Announcement on
 21   2020-03-26
                   Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche)

 22   2020-03-29   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Approval on Formal Pilot Implementation of Consolidated Supervision

                   2019 Corpor ate So cial R espons ibility Report, Propos ed Cha nge of Independent Non-executive Director, Overseas Regulatory
                   Announcement-Special Review Report on Deposit and Actual Use of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.’s Funds Raised in 2019 by Guotai Junan
                   Securities Co., Ltd. and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation by HTSC on Matters of Changes in Accounting Policies,




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                   2019 Internal Control Auditing Report, Assurance Report on the Special Report on Deposit and Actual Use of HTSC Fund Raised in
                   2019, Special Explanation on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2019, Independent
                   Opinion on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company of HTSC’s Independent Directors,
                   Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of HTSC on Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding,
 23   2020-03-30
                   Independent Opinion of HTSC Independent Directors on Matters Concerning 2019 Annual Report of the Company, Special Report on




                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                   Deposit and Actual Use of HTSC Funds Raised in 2019, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of HTSC in 2019, Report on Performance
                   of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of HTSC in 2019, Report on Performance of Duties of HTSC’s Independent Directors in
                   2019, Announcement by HTSC on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2020, Announcement by HTSC on the
                   Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board of Supervisors, Announcement on the re-appointment of the
                   accounting firm by HTSC, Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of HTSC in 2019, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions
                   of the Fifth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, 2019 Annual Report Summary of HTSC, 2019 Annual Report of HTSC

                   Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association, Announcement on Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding,
                   Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2019, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Reports from Guotai Junan
                   Securities Co., ltd. and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. on Ongoing Supervision, Sponsoring and Summary of Huatai Securities Co.,
 24   2020-03-31   Ltd.’s Non-public Issuance of A Shares, 2019 Annual Report on Continuously Performing Supervision on Non-Public Issuance of A Shares
                   by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. of Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Special Verification Opinions on
                   Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2020 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. by Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. and
                   Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Plan on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment
 25   2020-04-02
                   Group Limited




                                                                                                                                                                  413
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                                Announcement



                             Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended March 31, 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-
                             Announcement by HTSC on Shareholdings of Top Ten Shareholders and Top Ten Holders of Shares not Subject to Lock-up, Report on
           26   2020-04-03
                             Repurchase of A Shares by HTSC through Centralized Bidding Trading, Legal Opinions from Shanghai Office of King & Wood Mallesons
                             on Repurchase of Part of A Shares by HTSC through Centralized Bidding Trading

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC
           27   2020-04-07   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche), Announcement by HTSC on Initial Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
                             Centralized Bidding Trading, Announcement by HTSC on Change in the General Manager of Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.

           28   2020-04-08   Next Day Disclosure Return

           29   2020-04-09   Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for March 2020

           30   2020-04-13   Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2019 publicly
           31   2020-04-14
                             Issued Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Progress of Increase of Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment
           32   2020-04-15
                             Group Limited

           33   2020-04-17   Date of Board Meeting

                             Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-Registered Holders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, 2019
           34   2020-04-24
                             Annual Report

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified
           35   2020-04-28
                             Investors (Second Tranche)

                             2020 First Quarterly Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-Registered Holders, Notification Letter and Request Form to
                             Registered Shareholders, Reply Slip for Holders of H Share for Attending the Annual General Meeting to be Held on June 18, 2020, Form
                             of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for use at the Annual General Meeting to be Held on June 18, 2020, Notice of AGM, Circular of 2019 Annual
                             General Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Document of HTSC 2019 Annual General Meeting, Announcement by HTSC
                             on the Resolutions of the Sixth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Notice by HTSC on Convening 2019 Annual General Meeting,
                             Announcement by HTSC on settlement the principal and interest of 2020 and Delisting for 2017 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds
           36   2020-04-29
                             (Second Tranche) (Category II), Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2018 Non-publicly Issued Subordinated Bonds
                             (Second Tranche) (Category I), Announcement by HTSC on Results of Tracking Rating of Corporate Bonds Issued in 2013, 2016, 2018, 2019
                             and 2020, Financial Bonds issued in 2019 and Subordinated Bonds Issued in 2018, Report on Tracking Rating of HTSC and 13 Huatai 02,
                             16 Huatai G2, 16 Huatai G4, 18 Huatai G1, 18 Huatai G2, 19 Huatai G1, 19 Huatai G3 and 20 Huatai G1 Issued by It, Report on Tracking Rating
                             of 2019 Financial Bonds (First Tranche), Report on Tracking Rating by HTSC for 2018 Non-publicly Issued Subordinated Bonds (Second
                             Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Report on the Entrusted Management Affairs in Relation to the 2013 Corporate Bonds of HTSC
           37   2020-05-04   (Ten-year bonds) (Year 2019), Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Qualified
                             Investors (Second Tranche)

                             Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended April 30, 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-
           38   2020-05-06   Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding, Announcement
                             by HTSC on the Appointment of General Manager of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

           39   2020-05-07   Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Settlement the Principal and Interest of
           40   2020-05-08
                             2020 and Delisting for 2017 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche) (Type II)

           41   2020-05-11   Next Day Disclosure Return, Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for April 2020

           42   2020-05-12   Next Day Disclosure Return

           43   2020-05-13   Next Day Disclosure Return

           44   2020-05-14   Next Day Disclosure Return

           45   2020-05-15   Next Day Disclosure Return

           46   2020-05-18   Next Day Disclosure Return

           47   2020-05-19   Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC
           48   2020-05-20
                             Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Third Tranche)

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC
           49   2020-05-21
                             Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Third Tranche)

           50   2020-05-22   Next Day Disclosure Return

           51   2020-05-25   Next Day Disclosure Return

           52   2020-05-26   Next Day Disclosure Return

           53   2020-05-27   Next Day Disclosure Return

           54   2020-05-28   Next Day Disclosure Return

           55   2020-05-29   Next Day Disclosure Return

                             Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2013 Corporate
           56   2020-06-01
                             Bonds




414
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020
No     Date                                                                   Announcement



                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended May 31, 2020, Second Notice
                  of HTSC 2019 Annual General Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Change in Registered Address
57   2020-06-02
                  of Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., a Holding Subsidiary of the Company, Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A
                  Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

58   2020-06-03   Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for May 2020, Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory
59   2020-06-04
                  Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Results on Increase in Shareholding of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited

60   2020-06-05   Next Day Disclosure Return, Proposed 2019 Final Dividend and Closure of Register of Members

61   2020-06-08   Next Day Disclosure Return



                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures
62   2020-06-09
                  of HTSC (Fifth Tranche)

63   2020-06-10   Next Day Disclosure Return

64   2020-06-11   Next Day Disclosure Return

65   2020-06-12   Next Day Disclosure Return

66   2020-06-15   Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures
67   2020-06-16
                  of HTSC (Sixth Tranche)

                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of
68   2020-06-17
                  HTSCPublicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth Tranche)



                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                  Articles of Association, List of Directors and their Roles and Functions, Poll Results of the 2019 Annual General Meeting; Payment of Final
                  Dividend; Change of Independent Non-executive Director ;and Approval and Effectiveness of the Articles of Association, Next Day
69   2020-06-18
                  Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly




                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                  Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth Tranche)

70   2020-06-19   Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 June 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-
71   2020-07-02
                  Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price Bidding

                  Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for June 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement
72   2020-07-08   by HTSC on Adjustment of Price Cap for Repurchase of A Shares after Implementation of Annual Profit Distribution Plan for 2019,
                  Announcement by HTSC on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2019

73   2020-07-15   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Seventh Tranche)

74   2020-07-16   Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
75   2020-07-17   Next Day Disclosure Return

76   2020-07-20   Next Day Disclosure Return

77   2020-07-21   Next Day Disclosure Return

78   2020-07-22   Next Day Disclosure Return

79   2020-07-23   Next Day Disclosure Return

80   2020-07-24   Next Day Disclosure Return

81   2020-07-27   Next Day Disclosure Return

82   2020-07-28   Next Day Disclosure Return

83   2020-07-29   Next Day Disclosure Return

84   2020-07-30   Next Day Disclosure Return

85   2020-07-31   Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 July 2020, Overseas
86   2020-08-03   Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized
                  Price Bidding

87   2020-08-04   Next Day Disclosure Return




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
88   2020-08-05   Next Day Disclosure Return, Inside Information-Proposed Offer and Sale of Common Stock of ASSETMARK

89   2020-08-06   Announcement on Key Financial Information of Business Operation for July 2020, Next Day Disclosure Return

90   2020-08-07   Next Day Disclosure Return

91   2020-08-10   Next Day Disclosure Return

                  Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings
92   2020-08-11
                  in Current Year Exceeding Net Assets at the End of Previous Year by 20%

                  Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term
93   2020-08-14
                  Debentures (Eighth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public
94   2020-08-25
                  Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors




                                                                                                                                                                415
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                               Announcement



                              Interim Results Announcement for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2020, Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Insiders Registration
           95    2020-08-26   Management and Confidentiality System of HTSC (Revised in 2020), HTSC 2020 Interim Report, HTSC 2020 Interim Report Summary,
                              Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2020 Short-term Corporate
           96    2020-09-01   Bonds to Professional Investors (First Tranche), Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company
                              through Centralized Price Bidding

           97    2020-09-04   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 August 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public
           98    2020-09-09
                              Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           99    2020-09-10
                              Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued
           100   2020-09-14
                              to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

           101   2020-09-15   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Ninth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           102   2020-09-16
                              Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued
           103   2020-09-18
                              to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders,
           104   2020-09-24
                              2020 Interim Report

           105   2020-09-25   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Election of Chairman by Holding Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.

           106   2020-09-30   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

           107   2020-10-08   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 September 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
           108   2020-10-09
                              Centralized Price Bidding

           109   2020-10-19   Date of Board Meeting

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public
           110   2020-10-27
                              Issuance of Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors

           111   2020-10-30   Third Quarterly Report of 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
           112   2020-11-02
                              Centralized Price Bidding

           113   2020-11-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 31 October 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Subordinated Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           114   2020-11-12
                              Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Subordinated Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           115   2020-11-16
                              Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to
           116   2020-11-19   Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Category II), Announcement by HTSC on 2020 Interest Payment for 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly
                              Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Category I)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Professional
           117   2020-11-23
                              Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           118   2020-11-25
                              Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
           119   2020-12-01
                              Centralized Price Bidding

           120   2020-12-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended 30 November 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to Professional
           121   2020-12-08
                              Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement on Issuance Results for 2020 Corporate Bonds of HTSC Publicly Issued to
           122   2020-12-10
                              Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC onObtaining Qualification as a Market Maker on the London Stock
           123   2020-12-14
                              Exchange by an Overseas Subsidiary of the Company

           124   2020-12-17   Overseas Regulatory Announcement-Announcement by HTSC onIssuance Results for 2020 Short-term Debentures (Tenth Tranche)

                              Proposed Adoption of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Proposed Change of Non-executive Director, Overseas
                              Regulatory Announcement-Independent Opinion of HTSC ’s Independent Directors on Nomination of Candidates for Non-executive
                              Directors of the Company, Independent Opinion of HTSC’s Independent Directors on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
                              of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and Relevant Matters, Administration Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
           125   2020-12-31   of HTSC, Administration Measures for the Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of
                              HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Verification Opinions of the
                              Supervisory Committee on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) and Relevant Matters,
                              Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (Draft) of HTSC, Announcement by HTSC on the Resolutions of
                              the Sixth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee




416
