2026   報告
                                                                           融創服務控股有限公司
                                                                                        SUNAC SERVICES
融創服務控股有限公司（「本公司」，連同其附屬公司統稱為「本集
團」）是一家於香港聯合交易所有限公司（「聯交所」）主板上市的公
司。

本集團自成立以來，聚焦核心城市中高端物業，踐行高質量發展
戰略，佈局物業管理及商業運營綜合服務兩大業務板塊，逐步確
立了行業領先地位。本集團始終以「至善•致美」為服務理念，為
客戶提供全面的高品質物業服務，致力於成為「中國品質服務首




                                                                                        HOLDINGS LIMITED
選品牌」。
Sunac Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a company listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

Since its establishment, the Group has focused on mid-to-high-
end properties in core cities, adhered to the strategy of high quality
development, and developed two main business segments of
property management and comprehensive commercial operational
services, owing to which, the Group has established its leading
position in the industry gradually. In pursuit of its service philosophy
of “commitment to excellence and beauty” ( 至 善 • 致 美 ), the
Group offers a full range of high-quality property services to its
customers and is dedicated to becoming the “Best Quality Service
Provider in China”.
                       CONTENTS


                                2
                      Corporate Information

                                4
                      Chairman’s Statement

                                8
               Management Discussion and Analysis

                               15
           Corporate Governance and Other Information

                               28
         Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

                               29
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                               30
  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                               32
  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                               34
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                               35
 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                           SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                          GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                          Ms. Cao Hongling (Chairperson)
    Mr. Wang Mengde (Resigned on 22 May 2026)             Ms. Yang Man
    Mr. Huang Shuping (Appointed on 22 May 2026)          Ms. Wang Lihong
                                                          Mr. Yao Ning
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                   Mr. Zhao Zhonghua


    Ms. Cao Hongling (Chief Executive Officer)            COMPANY SECRETARY
    Ms. Yang Man
    Mr. Huang Xiaoou                                      Mr. Zhang Xiaoming


    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

    Mr. Gao Xi                                            Ms. Yang Man
                                                          Mr. Zhang Xiaoming
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Ms. Wang Lihong
    Mr. Yao Ning                                          31/F, Tower Two, Times Square
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     1 Matheson Street
                                                          Causeway Bay
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Hong Kong


    Mr. Yao Ning (Chairperson)                            HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Ms. Wang Lihong                                       BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua
                                                          25th Floor, Block O1A
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Sunac Center
                                                          No. 278 Hongqi Road
    Ms. Wang Lihong (Chairperson)                         Nankai District
    Ms. Cao Hongling                                      Tianjin
    Mr. Yao Ning                                          PRC
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua
                                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                          Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Huang Shuping (Chairperson)                       One Nexus Way
    Ms. Wang Lihong                                       Camana Bay
    Mr. Yao Ning                                          Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     Cayman Islands




2   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION


CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE                      AUDITOR
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited              Certified Public Accountants
Cricket Square                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681                                       PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
                                                    China Construction Bank
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                    STOCK CODE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor                         HKSE: 01516
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Wanchai
Hong Kong                                           www.sunacservice.com


LEGAL ADVISER

Sidley Austin




                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    I would like to present to you the business review of the Company for the first half of 2026 and the business outlook for the second
    half of 2026.


    Review of the First Half of 2026

    In the first half of 2026, the property-management industry continued to forge ahead under pressure amid profound structural
    adjustments. Local governments stepped up compliance-focused supervision. The gap between owners’ expectations for service
    quality and their willingness to pay did not narrow significantly. Repair-maintenance and labour costs for existing projects remained
    under pressure, while competition within the industry stayed intense. At the same time, as 2026 marks the kick-off year of the
    15th Five-Year Plan, the National Plan Outline formally incorporated the Property Service Quality Improvement Initiative into
    the top-level framework for high-quality housing development, and incorporated property services into housing entire-life-cycle
    management and grassroots-level governance systems. On the one hand, it promoted the renovation of old residential communities
    and encouraged property management to extend into people-livelihood-oriented services including elderly care, childcare and
    housekeeping, setting out the development direction for the property-management sector. On the other hand, it further refined the
    industry’s regulatory regime and implemented a tripartite collaborative community-governance mechanism under Party-building-
    led guidance. This has driven the industry to move decisively away from extensive scale-driven expansion and enter a new phase
    featuring lean operations, service-quality uplift, compliant operations and high-quality development. In the first half of the year, the
    Group maintained its strategic focus, with all business segments progressing steadily. Our operating results stabilised and improved,
    and we achieved phased success.


    Stable and Improving Operating Results

    Using operational health and sustainability as the benchmark to optimise the portfolio structure remains the Company’s top priority
    at this stage. The Group has focused on key and difficult projects, zeroed in on core issues, further deployed its management team
    to the front line, and formulated tailored solutions on a project-by-project basis. The Group conducted a comprehensive review of
    all projects, fully consolidated various costs, and strengthened the refined day-to-day management of costs. In project management,
    on the one hand, the Group continued to coordinate with the property development arm, integrate resources, address outstanding
    delivery-related issues, improve on-site quality and services, and lay a solid foundation for fee collection. On the other hand, during
    the first half of the year, the Group made the special “clearance campaign” for loss-making projects a key priority, identifying issues
    in each long-term loss-making project, determining turnaround plans, clarifying primary responsibilities, and implementing action
    plans. For projects that could not be viably operated due to high vacancy rates or low payment willingness among customer groups,
    the Group made decisive choices and firmly pushed forward the exit process. At the platform management level, the Group further
    deepened organisational adjustments, strengthening project execution, reinforcing city-level management, streamlining regional
    structures, and improving management efficiency. In the first half of the year, administrative expenses were further reduced. On
    this basis, the Group’s operating performance in the first half of the year remained steady with a positive trend.


    Excluding the impact of the Group’s disposal of Zhangtai Services Group Company Limited (彰泰服務集團有限公司) (“Zhangtai
    Services”) in 2025, the Group’s management scale remained broadly stable, with revenue slightly decreasing by 2% and gross
    profit margin marginally increasing by 0.1 percentage point to 20.7%, primarily benefiting from more refined control and improved
    operational efficiency. As the organisational structure continued to be optimised, management efficiency continued to improve,
    resulting in a further reduction of 1.2 percentage points in the administrative expense ratio. Ultimately, the net profit attributable to
    owners of the parent increased by approximately 71% year-on-year. At the same time, operating cash flow improved year-on-year.




4   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Enhancing the Quality and Efficiency of the Core Business

The Group’s management scale remained stable, with an area under management of approximately 260 million square metres.


In the first half of 2026, the Group achieved growth in both revenue and gross profit from the non-residential business segment.
Under the high requirements for development quality, the Group firmly discontinued and exited non-residential projects with low
profitability and slow payment collection cycles. The Group focused on the key industrial and office business formats, continuously
expanding high-quality customer projects. The Group accumulated a portfolio of quality industries over the years, including
advanced manufacturing, technology, finance and elderly care. In the first half of the year, leading enterprises were added in the AI
sector, covering the entire industry chain including silicon wafer manufacturing, chip manufacturing, computing centres and data
centres. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to work hand in hand with high-potential industries and more leading customers.


Revenue from the residential business segment slightly decreased by approximately 1.9%, as affected by the exit from low-quality
and low-efficiency projects. However, with more refined cost controls and the broader application of technological tools, operational
capabilities improved slightly, driving an increase in gross profit of approximately 3.0%. The enhancement of service quality served
as the foundation for delivering operational results. In the first half of 2026, the Group focused on resolving pain points and issues
raised by owners. The resolution time for complaint work orders recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 16%, and the
number of work orders involving difficult issues recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 52%. The satisfaction scores
for residential projects improved to 92 points, while the project satisfaction pass rate rose by 5 percentage points, reflecting more
balanced performance across projects.


A harmonious community cannot be built without amicable owner relationships and a warm neighbourhood atmosphere. Guided
by Party building leadership and leveraging the opportunity of tripartite governance, we initiated the exploration of community
building on a pilot basis in 2024, delivered 13 benchmark projects and released its proprietary community-building framework for
industry reference in 2025, and rolled out the framework system-wide across the Group in 2026. Community-building has since
become a well-established signature of Sunac Services’ soft-service offerings. Notably, the community convenience mini-market
at Xi’an Longfu organises volunteer-led free services including haircuts, knife-sharpening, clothing mending and home-appliance
repairs for owners on the first day of each calendar month. These practical grassroots activities foster strong community cohesion
and have received positive coverage from CCTV News Channel. Foshan Wangjiangfu was selected by the Ministry of Housing
and Urban-Rural Development (MOHURD) as a typical case under the initiative “Strengthening Property Management and Jointly
Building Beautiful Homes”. Similar heart-warming community-building initiatives are quietly unfolding across multiple Sunac-
managed communities.




                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report         5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Fully Embracing Digital Technology

    As the property-management industry represents a traditional labour-intensive sector, we firmly believe that technology and
    smart machinery constitute an inevitable enabler driving industry-model transformation. During the first half of 2026, we fully
    embraced AI across operations ranging from front-line project delivery to day-to-day platform administration. The AI cloud-
    inspection system underwent further optimisation and upgrade, achieving an automatic image-recognition accuracy rate of over
    95%. Front-line staff were empowered to configure alert rules independently. Cleaning and landscaping robots were rolled out
    at scale. Robot models were selected to match project dimensions and on-site road conditions under a leasing-based cooperation
    model, enabling the Group to capture benefits from rapid technological iterations. The AI-powered intelligent work assistant
    received comprehensive enhancement. Its knowledge-base scope was expanded to encompass system operations, institutional
    workflows and legal consultation. Its functionalities evolved from basic Q&A capabilities into an execution-oriented tool capable of
    logging service requests and resolving operational issues. AI Business Partners (AI BPs) were deployed across the Group’s functional
    departments to guide employees to identify real-world AI use-cases from business perspectives and facilitate AI-tool roll-out. In the
    first half-year, cross-departmental teams delivered collective efforts, developing more than 70 proprietary specialised AI agents/
    lightweight systems. We aim to transform individual efficiency gains into organisational efficiency improvements. AI will inevitably
    drive business process re-engineering and organisational restructuring, thereby addressing operational pain points, breaking through
    industry bottlenecks, and injecting momentum into the industry’s high-quality development. Going forward, we will leverage the
    respective strengths of human resources, machinery and AI, assigning each to perform tasks best aligned with its capabilities to
    achieve complementary outcomes, so as to reconstruct on-site project workflows.


    Steady Growth in Community Living Services

    In recent years, the park operation business has faced sustained pressure due to multiple factors, including a decline in delivery-
    related projects, changes in the sharing of public area revenue with property owners, and the impact of traditional space media
    being challenged by new media. Meanwhile, the owner-oriented convenience lifestyle services that we have been nurturing
    and developing in recent years have been growing steadily and progressively, in line with our plans. In the first half of 2026, we
    continued to drive core businesses with growth potential, high value, and the ability to establish sustained, sticky relationships
    with property owners. In the asset intermediary business, our total contract value in the first half of the year grew by 30% year-
    on-year. At the same time, we promoted business empowerment for our core operations, breaking through the store-based sales
    model by empowering and training frontline staff, resulting in a year-on-year increase of approximately 93% in the number of
    orders facilitated through such empowerment efforts. In the home repair business, which is also closely related to the preservation
    and appreciation of owners’ assets, with the increase in owners’ recognition and trust in home repair services, order volume rose
    by 8% in the first half of the year. Meanwhile, we strengthened the skills training of reusable engineering personnel, enabling us
    to gradually expand the scope of repair services we can undertake – from basic maintenance to high-value specialised repairs, and
    from pure repair work to material sales. As a result, the average order value increased by approximately 19% year-on-year. In the
    retail business, we piloted a community group-buying model in the first half of the year, leveraging high-frequency group purchases
    to increase customer penetration and maintain customer stickiness. As a result, retail GMV increased by approximately 52% year-
    on-year.




6   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Revitalisation of Commercial Operations and Integration of Culture, Commerce and Tourism

Against a backdrop of moderating growth in total retail sales of consumer goods in the first half of the year, the commercial
projects under Sunac Commercial’s operation and management recorded approximately 70 million visitor arrivals, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 5.2%, and reached a sales revenue (excluding vehicles) of approximately RMB3.37
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.9%. As one of the Group’s core businesses, Sunac Commercial’s
operational capabilities continued to improve. Leveraging the scale advantages of our commercial projects, we introduced anchor
stores exceeding 10,000 square metres, adopting a mega-scale strategy to secure leading market positions. In the first half of the
year, we promoted the introduction of the first store in various cities, such as Panxiaobao Paradise at Global Center and Huajing
Happy City at Nanchang Sunac Mall. For the asset-light expansion project, Shijiazhuang Sunac Mall, the leasing rate reached 70%
within three months of initiating investment attracting activities in the first half of the year, laying a foundation for its successful
opening by the end of the year. For the asset-light expansion project, the Shanghai Lingang Project Super Sports Hub, it had
commenced comprehensive investment attracting activities, and will become Sunac’s first commercial project featuring both indoor
and outdoor professional sports themes upon opening.


Outlook of the Second Half of 2026

In the second half of the year, we will continue to adopt a cautious and prudent approach, comprehensively consolidate our
operations, and hone our internal capabilities to lay a solid foundation for accelerated growth in the next phase. Firstly, we will
continue to fully advance the “Clearance Action”, so as to optimise the structure of our foundational business, make full use of
resources and build a solid foundation for high-quality operations. Secondly, we will establish a comprehensive cost management
system, implement lean management, and refine strategic supplier and reserve mechanisms, fostering sound and long-term
cooperative relationships. In the second half of the year, we will continue to streamline platform organisational structures, reduce
management layers, optimise processes, and enhance efficiency. At the same time, we will clarify authority and responsibility
boundaries, strengthen the team’s overall capabilities with a market-driven approach, and support the improvement of performance
in market expansion. Project managers are the frontline “commanders” and the “cornerstone” of the Company. We will further
enhance our internal training system, strengthen the project manager talent pipeline, and support the Company’s development. In
addition, we will continue to expand the application of AI technology, explore new scenarios, and comprehensively broaden the
scope of human-machine collaboration, injecting new momentum into the transformation of service models and organisational
structures. Finally, leveraging the cultural tourism resource endowment of the Sunac Group, we will deeply integrate Sunac
Commercial’s IP resources and events, as well as cultural and tourism resort resources, with Sunac community activities. This will
enable us to transition from “community property services” to “cultural tourism lifestyle services”, creating “standard entitlements”
for Sunac Services’ customers and building our core competitiveness through a “culture-commerce-tourism lifestyle experience”;
and at the same time, we will actively explore the establishment of asset management platforms such as private equity funds and
REITs, promoting a synergistic development model that integrates commercial operations with both light and heavy commercial
assets, supports and reinforces each other.



                                                                                                      Sunac Services Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                       Huang Shuping
                                                                                                                Chairman of the Board


                                                                                                          Hong Kong, 25 August 2026




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report         7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    FINANCIAL REVIEW

    1.   REVENUE


         For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Period”), the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB3,221.9 million,
         representing a decrease of approximately RMB324.7 million (approximately 9.2%) as compared with approximately
         RMB3,546.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease in revenue was mainly due to the Group’s disposal
         of the equity interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai Services in the second half of 2025, whose operating results were included
         in the consolidation scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Excluding
         the impact of the above, revenue recorded by the Group during the Period still decreased by approximately RMB76.8 million
         (approximately 2.3%) as compared to the same period last year. The following tables set forth the details of the Group’s total
         revenue by source and business line for the periods indicated:


         By source:


                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                2026                                 2025
                                                                       RMB’000                   %           RMB’000                   %


         Third parties                                                 3,141,625               97.5          3,443,311               97.1
         Related parties                                                   80,292               2.5           103,294                 2.9

         Total                                                         3,221,917              100.0          3,546,605              100.0



         By business line:


                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                2026                                 2025
                                                                       RMB’000                   %           RMB’000                   %


         Property management and operational services                  3,034,494               94.2          3,292,305               92.8
         Community living services                                        163,611               5.1           210,732                 6.0
         Value-added services to non-property owners                       23,812               0.7             43,568                1.2

         Total                                                         3,221,917              100.0          3,546,605              100.0




8   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Property management and operational services


For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue from property management and operational services was
approximately RMB3,034.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB257.8 million (approximately 7.8%) as
compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2025, which was mainly due to the Group’s disposal of the equity
interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai Services. Excluding the impact of the above, revenue from property management and
operational services still decreased by approximately RMB36.5 million (approximately 1.2%) as compared to the same period
last year, which was due to the Group’s proactive exit from some property management service projects with poor collection
performance during the Period. In particular, revenue from properties developed by the Sunac Group, its joint ventures and
associates1 was approximately RMB2,257.9 million, accounting for approximately 74.4%; revenue from properties developed
by independent third-party property developers2 was approximately RMB776.6 million, accounting for approximately 25.6%.
By type of projects, revenue from residential properties was approximately RMB2,451.6 million, accounting for approximately
80.8%; revenue from non-residential properties was approximately RMB582.9 million, accounting for approximately 19.2%.


Community living services


For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue from community living services was approximately RMB163.6
million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB47.1 million (approximately 22.4%) as compared with that for the six
months ended 30 June 2025. This was mainly due to the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai
Services and the year-on-year decrease in revenue from park operation services.


The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s revenue from community living services for the periods
indicated:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026                                        2025
                                                                         RMB’000                       %            RMB’000                    %


Convenient living services for property owners                             98,177                   60.0             120,266                 57.1
Park operation services                                                    65,434                   40.0               90,466                42.9

Total                                                                     163,611                  100.0             210,732               100.0




Notes:


1:       Including properties developed independently by Sunac China and its subsidiaries, excluding the Group (the “Sunac Group”), and jointly with
         other property developers.


2:       Including properties other than those developed independently by the Sunac Group or jointly with other property developers.



                                                                                     SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report               9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Convenient living services for property owners mainly include community product sales, house cleaning and home repair
          and maintenance services, partial house renovation and transformation, water sales through community automatic water
          dispensers, community charging station charging and property agency services, etc., tailored to meet the needs of property
          owners. Revenue from convenient living services for property owners for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was approximately
          RMB98.2 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB22.1 million as compared with that for the six months ended
          30 June 2025. Such decrease was mainly due to the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai
          Services. Excluding the impact of the above, revenue from convenient living services for property owners remained basically
          flat as compared to the same period last year.


          Park operation services mainly include the park site resource leasing and the renovation and construction waste cleaning
          services, etc. Revenue from park operation services for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was approximately RMB65.4
          million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB25.0 million as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June
          2025. Excluding the impact of the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai Services, revenue
          from park operation services still decreased by approximately RMB19.0 million as compared to the same period last year,
          which was mainly due the decrease in revenue from the park renovation and construction waste cleaning services resulting
          from the decrease of newly delivered projects, as well as the decline in revenue from site resource leasing business resulting
          from the decrease in the profit-sharing ratio for common area income in certain projects.


          Value-added services to non-property owners


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue from value-added services to non-property owners amounted
          to approximately RMB23.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB19.8 million (approximately 45.3%)
          as compared with approximately RMB43.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This was mainly due to the
          contraction in real estate business volume, and the Group’s continuous undertaking of business based on the principle of
          marketization, resulting in a continuous decline in revenue during the Period.


          The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s revenue from value-added services to non-property owners for
          the periods indicated:


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026                                2025
                                                                       RMB’000                  %         RMB’000                   %


          Sales assistance services                                      16,900               71.0           19,960               45.8
          Consultancy and other value-added services                      4,015               16.9           13,425               30.8
          Others                                                          2,897               12.1           10,183               23.4

          Total                                                          23,812             100.0            43,568             100.0




10   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   COST OF SALES

     The Group’s cost of sales refers to the costs directly related to the provision of services, including (i) staff cost, mainly
     related to on-site staff providing property management and operational services at properties under management; (ii)
     security, maintenance, cleaning and greening costs in connection with sub-contracting services; (iii) utilities cost; (iv) cost of
     consumable materials; (v) depreciation and amortisation; (vi) cost of office, travelling and communication; and (vii) other costs
     such as community activity cost.


     The Group’s cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB2,554.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB220.3 million (approximately 7.9%) as compared with approximately
     RMB2,775.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


3.   GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

     The Group’s gross profit amounted to approximately RMB667.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing
     a decrease of approximately RMB104.3 million (approximately 13.5%) as compared with approximately RMB771.5 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The Group’s gross profit margin for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was
     approximately 20.7%, representing a decrease of approximately 1.1 percentage points as compared with 21.8% for the
     six months ended 30 June 2025. Excluding the impact of the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary,
     Zhangtai Services, the Group’s gross profit margin remained basically flat as compared to the same period last year.


     The following table sets forth the details of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by business lines for the periods
     indicated:


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026                                    2025
                                                                                       Gross Profit                         Gross Profit
                                                                  Gross Profit             Margin         Gross Profit          Margin
                                                                    RMB’000                     %           RMB’000                  %


     Property management and operational services                    599,645                  19.8           663,628               20.2
     Community living services                                        63,328                  38.7            94,666               44.9
     Value-added services to non-property owners                        4,188                 17.6            13,244               30.4

     Total                                                           667,161                  20.7           771,538               21.8



     Gross profit from property management and operational services decreased by approximately RMB64.0 million (approximately
     9.6%) from approximately RMB663.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately RMB599.6 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2026. Such decrease was mainly due to the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in
     its subsidiary, Zhangtai Services. Excluding the impact of the above, gross profit from property management and operational
     services increased by approximately RMB17.3 million as compared to the same period last year, which was mainly due to
     the Group’s continuous improvement in service efficiency during the Period through optimizing the service delivery model,
     dynamically adjusting staffing arrangements and adopting technological equipment to replace manual labour, leading to an
     increase in the gross profit margin of property management and operational services as compared to the same period last
     year.



                                                                                 SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report       11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Gross profit from community living services decreased by approximately RMB31.4 million (approximately 33.1%) from
          approximately RMB94.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately RMB63.3 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2026, which was due to the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary, Zhangtai Services, and
          the decrease in gross profit resulting from the decline in revenue from park operation services.


     4.   ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB194.8 million,
          representing a decrease of approximately RMB62.5 million as compared with approximately RMB257.3 million for the
          six months ended 30 June 2025. Excluding the impact of the Group’s disposal of the equity interest held in its subsidiary,
          Zhangtai Services, the administrative expenses still decreased by approximately RMB42.6 million as compared to the same
          period last year. The decrease in administrative expenses was mainly due to the Group’s ongoing efforts in implementing the
          intensive management and optimizing the management structure, so as to save cost expenditures.


     5.   NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets amounted to approximately
          RMB307.5 million, in which, the net impairment losses on financial assets from related parties amounted to approximately
          RMB72.0 million, while the net impairment losses on financial assets from third parties amounted to approximately
          RMB235.5 million. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets amounted
          to approximately RMB346.0 million, in which, the net impairment losses on financial assets from related parties amounted
          to approximately RMB80.1 million, while the net impairment losses on financial assets from third parties amounted to
          approximately RMB265.9 million. During the Period, in light of the decline in the value of collateral pledged for repayment
          of amounts due from related parties, the Group further made impairment provisions against trade receivables from related
          parties. In addition, third-party property owners receiving property management and operational services from the Group
          showed an accelerated repayment rate year-on-year, leading to a year-on-year reduction in impairment losses for trade
          receivables from third parties.


     6.   OTHER INCOME

          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s other income amounted to approximately RMB8.5 million, representing
          a decrease of approximately RMB12.3 million as compared with approximately RMB20.8 million for the six months ended 30
          June 2025, which was mainly due to the decrease in various subsidies received during the Period.


     7.   FINANCE INCOME – NET

          The Group’s finance income mainly represents the interest income on bank deposits, and finance costs mainly represent the
          Group’s interest of lease liabilities charged to profit or loss over the lease period under certain of its lease arrangements.


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s net finance income amounted to approximately RMB9.6 million,
          representing a decrease of approximately RMB1.7 million as compared with the net finance income of approximately
          RMB11.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Such change was mainly due to lower interest rate for bank deposits
          as compared to the same period last year.




12   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


8.   PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s net profit amounted to approximately RMB140.8 million, in which, the
     profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB124.2 million. For the six months ended 30 June
     2025, the Group’s net profit amounted to approximately RMB141.5 million, in which, the profit attributable to the owners of
     the Company was approximately RMB121.9 million.


9.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

     Trade and other receivables include trade receivables and other receivables.


     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s net trade and other receivables (including current and non-current) were approximately
     RMB3,547.9 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB170.8 million as compared with approximately
     RMB3,377.1 million as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s gross trade receivables
     by approximately RMB441.1 million as compared to the end of the last year and the increase in impairment provision on
     trade receivables by approximately RMB290.7 million as compared to the end of the last year. The increase in gross trade
     receivables was mainly due to the revenue from property management and operational services being mostly collected in
     the second half of the year as affected by the payment habits of third-party property owners for property management and
     operational services of the Group. The increase in impairment provisions was mainly due to the Group’s further impairment
     provisions on trade receivables for the sake of prudence.


10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

     Trade and other payables include trade payables, temporary receipt on behalf, deposit payables, payroll and welfare payables,
     etc.


     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s trade and other payables were approximately RMB2,051.3 million, representing a decrease
     of approximately RMB249.8 million as compared with approximately RMB2,301.1 million as at 31 December 2025, which
     was mainly due to the decrease in trade payables, deposit payables and payroll payables.


11. AVAILABLE FUNDS, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     As at 30 June 2026, the total amount of available funds (including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, bank deposits
     with the maturity over three months and wealth management products) of the Group was approximately RMB3,285.9
     million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB754.1 million as compared with approximately RMB4,040.0 million
     as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly due to the net cash outflow from operating activities, share repurchases and
     dividend distributions during the Period. As at 30 June 2026, all of the Group’s wealth management products were wealth
     management products with medium-low risk which were redeemable at any time.


     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s net current assets (current assets less current liabilities) amounted to approximately
     RMB2,979.4 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB2,949.7 million). The Group’s current ratio (calculated by
     dividing current assets by current liabilities) was approximately 1.8 times (31 December 2025: approximately 1.7 times).




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report      13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no loans or borrowings (31 December 2025: Nil). As at 30 June 2026, the gearing ratio
          (as calculated by dividing total borrowings less lease liabilities by total equity as at the date indicated and multiplied by 100%)
          was nil (as at 31 December 2025: Nil).


          The Group meets and expects to continue meeting its operating capital, capital expenditure and other capital needs with cash
          generated from operations and proceeds from the Company’s listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


     12. CASH FLOW

          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s net cash outflow from operating activities was approximately RMB657.3
          million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: net outflow of approximately RMB691.1 million). The decrease in net
          cash outflow from operating activities was mainly due to the increase in repayment from third-party property owners for
          whom the Group provided property management and operational services. The net cash outflow from investing activities
          was approximately RMB215.2 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: net outflow of approximately RMB819.7
          million), which mainly represented the net outflow from the Group’s purchase of wealth management products. The net cash
          outflow from financing activities was approximately RMB86.3 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: net outflow
          of approximately RMB465.8 million), which mainly represented the cash outflow from share repurchases and dividend
          distributions by the Company.


     13. INTEREST RATE RISK

          As the Group has no material interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating cash flows are
          substantially independent from changes in market interest rates.


     14. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

          The Group’s operating activities are principally conducted in the PRC and most of its operations are denominated in RMB.
          The Group will closely monitor the fluctuations of the RMB exchange rate and give prudent consideration as to entering into
          currency swap arrangement as and when appropriate for hedging corresponding risks. As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no
          significant foreign exchange risks and had not engaged in hedging activities for managing foreign exchange risks.


     15. PLEDGE OF ASSETS

          As at 30 June 2026, none of the assets of the Group were pledged (as at 31 December 2025: Nil).


     16. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

          As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2025: Nil).




14   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as its own code on corporate governance and
had complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company recognises and appreciates the importance and benefits
of good corporate governance practices and has adopted corporate governance and disclosure practices for achieving a higher
standard of transparency and accountability. The Board members will have regular discussions about the performance and business
strategies of the Group. They, together with the relevant senior executives of the Company, have also attended training on the
Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Company has established an internal reporting practice within the Group in
order to monitor the operation and business development of the Group.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained
in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the guidelines for the Directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company. Following specific
enquiries of all the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standards as set out in the Model
Code in relation to their securities dealings (if any) during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


CHANGE IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

There is no information regarding the Directors subject to disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the
publication of the 2025 annual report of the Company.


SHARE AWARD SCHEME

References are made to the prospectus of the Company dated 9 November 2020 (the “Prospectus”), the announcement of the
Company dated 11 June 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 24 July 2026. Sunac Shine (PTC) Limited (“Sunac Shine”)
adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) on 11 June 2021 and was appointed as the trustee of the Sunac
Services Share Award Scheme Trust for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme. On 13 August 2026, Sunac Shine decided to
terminate the Share Award Scheme. The termination of the Share Award Scheme will not affect any awards already granted
and subject to vesting, but no new awards will be granted under such scheme following its termination. The principal terms and
conditions of the Share Award Scheme are summarized as follows:


(I)   PURPOSE OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME

      The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to (i) recognize the contributions to the Group by certain Eligible Persons
      (as defined below) and to give incentives in order to motivate certain Eligible Persons for the continuing development of
      the Group; and (ii) to align the interest of certain Eligible Persons with those of the shareholders of the Company (the
      “Shareholders”) by providing them with the opportunity to own equity interests of the Company.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report        15
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (II)   DURATION OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME

            Subject to any termination of the Share Award Scheme as determined by Sunac Shine, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid
            and effective for ten years commencing on the date of the first grant of any award (each an “Award”) of the ordinary shares
            of the Company (the “Shares”) to a selected participant under the Share Award Scheme. On 13 August 2026, Sunac Shine
            decided to terminate the Share Award Scheme. The termination of the Share Award Scheme will not affect any awards already
            granted and subject to vesting, but no new awards will be granted under such scheme following its termination.


     (III) PARTICIPANTS OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME AND BASIS FOR DETERMINING THE ELIGIBILITY OF THE
           SELECTED PARTICIPANTS

            Persons eligible to be awarded Shares under the Share Award Scheme include, without limitation, the key management of the
            Group such as directors, senior management and employees of the Group and other persons who made special contribution
            to the Group (each such person, an “Eligible Person”).


            The advisory committee (the “Advisory Committee”) as appointed by Sunac Shine from time to time with the power and
            authority to administer and distribute Shares under the Share Award Scheme may, from time to time and at its sole discretion,
            select the Eligible Person(s) to be granted the Award(s) (the “Selected Participant(s)”) and determine the number of Shares
            to be awarded (the “Awarded Shares”), the vesting conditions (if any) and the vesting schedule of the Awarded Shares. The
            Selected Participant may accept the offer of the grant of the Awarded Shares in such manner as set out in the offer letter to
            be issued by the Advisory Committee to such Selected Participant in respect of the Award.


     (IV) MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SHARES THAT CAN BE AWARDED

            The maximum number of Shares that may be granted as Awards under the Share Award Scheme to the Eligible Persons
            shall be the number of Shares held or to be held by Sunac Shine on trust for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme from
            time to time. As at 30 June 2026, Sunac Shine held 396,703,311 Shares on trust for the Share Award Scheme, representing
            approximately 13.10% of the issued Shares. On 13 August 2026, Sunac Shine decided to terminate the Share Award Scheme,
            and no new awards will be granted under such scheme.


     (V) GRANT AND ACCEPTANCE OF AWARDS

            An offer letter setting out, among others, the number, vesting conditions (if any) and vesting schedule of the Awarded Shares
            to be granted will be issued by the Advisory Committee to each Selected Participant. The Selected Participant may accept
            the offer of the grant of the Awarded Shares in such manner as set out in the offer letter. Upon acceptance, the Selected
            Participant becomes a participant in the Share Award Scheme (the “Participant”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the
            Participant shall be entitled to receive the Awarded Shares held by Sunac Shine upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions set
            out in the offer letter. After satisfaction of the vesting conditions, Sunac Shine shall transfer the relevant Awarded Shares to
            the relevant Participant.




16   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(VI) RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

    (i)     Voting Rights


            A Participant may not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Awarded Shares held on trust by Sunac Shine for the
            Participant before the vesting of such Awarded Shares to the Participant. For the period from the date of vesting of
            such Awarded Shares to the Participant until the date on which (a) such Participant has sold all of such Awarded Shares
            granted; or (b) such Participant no longer works in the Company or any subsidiary or related company of the Company
            (whichever is earlier) (both dates inclusive), such Participant shall irrevocably entrust Sunac Shine to exercise the voting
            rights of such Awarded Shares in which such Participant has interest.


            Sunac Shine shall exercise its voting rights on the Shares which are held by it as trustee, including Shares which are
            not yet awarded to any Participants and Shares which are awarded but not yet vested and transferred to the relevant
            Participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme according to any instructions or recommendations
            from Sunac China.


    (ii)    Entitlement to the Related Distribution


            The Participant shall not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions declared and made in respect of any Shares
            held on trust (the “Related Distribution”) derived from the relevant Awarded Shares unless and until such Awarded
            Shares are vested to the Participant in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme.


            Any Related Distribution declared and made in respect of any Shares held by Sunac Shine on trust (including Shares
            which are not yet awarded to any Participants and Shares which are awarded but not yet vested to the relevant
            Participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme) shall be treated and dealt with in such manner as
            the Advisory Committee may in its sole and absolute discretion determine.


    (iii)   Rights Attached to the Awarded Shares


            Any Awarded Shares transferred to a Participant under the Share Award Scheme will be subject to the provisions of
            the articles of association of the Company and will rank pari passu with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of
            the transfer or, if that date falls on a day on which the register of members of the Company is closed, the first day of
            the reopening of the register of members. Accordingly, the relevant Participant will be entitled to all dividends or other
            distributions declared or made on or after the date of the transfer or, if that date falls on a day when the register of
            members of the Company is closed, the first day of the reopening of the register of members.




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report         17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


          (iv)   No Assignment


                 The Awarded Shares granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme are personal in nature. The Participants shall not sell,
                 transfer, assign, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to
                 the Awarded Shares, or any interest or benefits therein, before Sunac Shine transfers the relevant Awarded Shares to the
                 Participants.


          (v)    Unvested Awarded Shares


                 An Award will lapse and will be canceled by the Advisory Committee if the Participant fails to satisfy the relevant vesting
                 conditions. Any Award of which the Awarded Shares are not yet vested will also automatically lapse and be canceled by
                 the Advisory Committee immediately where:


                 (a)   in the absolute opinion of the Advisory Committee, the Participant is not qualified for his/her position, does not
                       perform his/her work as required by the Sunac China Group, or commits any illegal act, or otherwise has done
                       anything which, in the conclusive opinion of the Advisory Committee, adversely affects his/her ability to perform
                       his/her duties properly;


                 (b)   the Participant has resigned or is no longer an employee of the Sunac China Group due to the expiry of his/her
                       employment contract;


                 (c)   the Participant has been convicted for any criminal offence involving his/her integrity or honesty;


                 (d)   the Participant commits serious misconduct and is punishable or subject to dismissal with immediate effect by the
                       relevant member(s) of the Sunac China Group in accordance with the relevant employees’ manual or the relevant
                       laws and regulations; or


                 (e)   the Advisory Committee exercises its reserved right to cancel any Award due to other reasons or other relevant
                       provisions of the Share Award Scheme.


                 If any Awarded Shares are unvested prior to the Participant’s death, incapacitation or retirement and none of the
                 aforementioned events has occurred in relation to such Participant which would cause the Award to lapse or to be
                 canceled, unless the Advisory Committee shall at its sole discretion determine otherwise, such unvested Awarded Shares
                 will be deemed to be vested on the day immediately prior to his/her death, incapacitation, or retirement.


          (vi)   Restrictions


                 No Award shall be made to any Selected Participants where any Director or any member of the Advisory Committee is
                 in possession of inside information (as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                 Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) in relation to the Company or the Directors are prohibited from dealing in Shares pursuant to
                 the applicable requirements under the Listing Rules or applicable laws.




18   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


Particulars of the outstanding share awards under the Share Award Scheme and their movements during the six months ended 30
June 2026 were as follows:


                                                                                                   Number of                                              Number of
                                                                                                    unvested                                               unvested
                               Awarded on    Awarded on   Awarded on   Awarded on   Awarded on    Shares as at     Awarded        Vested       Lapsed    Shares as at
                              24 September       8 June      31 May       29 May    11 December     1 January        during       during       during        30 June
Selected Participants                2021         2022         2023         2024          2025          2026      the Period   the Period   the Period         2026


Directors of the Company
Huang Shuping                     400,000             –            –            –             –      100,000              –            –            –       100,000
Cao Hongling                     1,100,000    1,100,000    2,200,000    3,000,000     3,000,000    8,200,000      3,000,000            –            –    11,200,000
Yang Man                          450,000       348,000      689,000    1,000,000     1,000,000    1,772,250      1,000,000            –            –     2,772,250
Huang Xiaoou                             –            –            –            –       500,000      500,000      1,000,000            –            –     1,500,000
Gao Xi                            250,000             –            –            –             –       62,500              –            –            –        62,500

Sub-total                        2,200,000    1,448,000    2,889,000    4,000,000     4,500,000   10,634,750      5,000,000            –            –    15,634,750
Other eligible participants    10,875,000     6,536,000   10,983,000    8,200,000     8,300,000   14,791,500      7,500,000            –     358,750     21,932,750

Total                          13,075,000     7,984,000   13,872,000   12,200,000    12,800,000   25,426,250     12,500,000            –     358,750     37,567,500



SHARE OPTION SCHEME

On 13 August 2026, the Shareholders have approved and adopted a share option scheme. The maximum number of Shares which
may be issued under the share option scheme is 299,946,900 Shares, representing no more than 10% of the total number of issued
Shares (excluding treasury shares and Shares repurchased but not yet cancelled) as at the date of adoption of the share option
scheme. As of the date of this report, no share options have been granted under the share option scheme.




                                                                                                  SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report                   19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS

     As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO,
     Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
     contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, are set out below:


     (I)    INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                         Number of     interest in the
            Name of Director                                         Nature of interest                  Shares held   Company (Note)


            Mr. Huang Shuping                                        Beneficial owner                     1,764,092           0.06%
            Ms. Cao Hongling                                         Beneficial owner                     3,055,563           0.10%
            Ms. Yang Man                                             Beneficial owner                       459,250           0.02%
            Mr. Gao Xi                                               Beneficial owner                       855,500           0.03%
            Ms. Wang Lihong                                          Beneficial owner                       197,886          0.007%


            Note: Calculated on the basis of 3,027,973,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


     (II)   INTERESTS IN UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                 Number of unvested     Approximate
                                                                                                     Shares awarded    percentage of
                                                                                                     under the Share   interest in the
            Name of Director                                         Nature of interest              Award Scheme      Company (Note)


            Mr. Huang Shuping                                        Beneficial owner                       100,000          0.003%
            Ms. Cao Hongling                                         Beneficial owner                    11,200,000           0.37%
            Ms. Yang Man                                             Beneficial owner                     2,772,250           0.09%
            Mr. Huang Xiaoou                                         Beneficial owner                     1,500,000           0.05%
            Mr. Gao Xi                                               Beneficial owner                        62,500          0.002%


            Note: Calculated on the basis of 3,027,973,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.




20   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(III) INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY’S ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                       Name of associated                                                       Number of   percentage of
     Name of Director                  corporation                    Nature of interest             ordinary shares held    interest (Note)


     Mr. Huang Shuping                 Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                          5,400,000          0.03%
     Ms. Cao Hongling                  Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                          2,693,500          0.01%
     Ms. Yang Man                      Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                             13,008       0.0001%
     Mr. Gao Xi                        Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            228,000        0.001%
     Ms. Wang Lihong                   Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            592,413        0.003%


     Note: Calculated on the basis of 19,965,499,620 Sunac China ordinary shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


(IV) INTERESTS IN UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY’S ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                                 unvested
                                                                                                          shares awarded    Approximate
                                       Name of associated                                                 under the Share   percentage of
     Name of Director                  corporation                    Nature of interest                   Award Scheme      interest (Note)


     Mr. Huang Shuping                 Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            950,000        0.005%
     Ms. Cao Hongling                  Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            625,000        0.003%
     Ms. Yang Man                      Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                             38,500       0.0002%
     Mr. Huang Xiaoou                  Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            141,500       0.0007%
     Mr. Gao Xi                        Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            712,000        0.004%


     Note: Calculated on the basis of 19,965,499,620 Sunac China ordinary shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests or short
positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO) which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                       SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report     21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS (LONG POSITION)

     To the knowledge of the Company, as at 30 June 2026, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company) had an interest of 5% or more in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which were required to be entered in
     the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                                                            Number of            interest in
     Name of Shareholder                                          Nature of interest/Capacity                             Shares held
                                                                                                                                    (1)
                                                                                                                                           the Company(2)


     Sunac China(3)                                               Interest of controlled corporation             1,487,347,827 (L)                 49.12%
     Sunac Services Investment Limited(3)                         Beneficial owner                               1,090,644,516 (L)                 36.02%
     Sunac Shine(3)                                               Trustee                                          396,703,311 (L)                 13.10%


     Notes:


     (1)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.


     (2)      Calculated on the basis of 3,027,973,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


     (3)      Sunac Services Investment Limited is wholly-owned by Sunac China. Sunac Shine is wholly-owned by Sunac China and acts as the trustee of the Sunac
              Services Share Award Scheme Trust, which is set up for the purpose of a share award scheme adopted on 11 June 2021. By virtue of the SFO, Sunac
              China is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Sunac Services Investment Limited and Sunac Shine.


     Save as disclosed in this report, the Directors are not aware of any person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which were required to be entered in the register
     kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     On 19 January 2026, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into a series of Debt Settlement Agreements with certain
     companies of Sunac Group, pursuant to which, the Sunac Group will transfer certain car parking spaces or properties to the Group
     in order to settle the equivalent outstanding amount payable by the Sunac Group to the Group. The total consideration for the Debt
     Settlement Agreements is approximately RMB26.2614 million. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
     19 January 2026.




22   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


As at 30 June 2026, the Group held financial assets (including current and non-current) at fair value through profit or loss
of approximately RMB588 million, which mainly represented equity investments in an unlisted company and certain wealth
management products with medium-low risks, and no single investment accounted for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets.


Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not hold other significant investments, or conduct material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


INVESTMENT POLICY AND OBJECTIVES

The financial assets in which the Company invests are primarily medium- and low-risk wealth management products, and the
objective of such investments is to efficiently utilize short-term idle funds to enhance the fund utilization efficiency while ensuring
fund liquidity and principal safety, and generate certain investment returns. The Company does not participate in investments in
high-risk or high-leverage financial products, nor does it engage in any speculative transactions.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL MEASURES

To control transaction risk, the Company only selects financial institutions with good reputations and stable financial positions as
counterparties, and has established internal investment management requirements, under which each investment is subject to a
pre-investment assessment including but not limited to the investment amount for a single product, the product term, and the
minimum credit rating requirements (if any) of the issuing institution. Furthermore, the Company closely monitors the liquidity of
investment products to ensure that the maturity dates of the investments align with cash flow needs, thereby avoiding any impact
on daily working capital.


APPROVAL AND SUPERVISION MECHANISMS

All investments in wealth management products must be reported to the Board or its authorized management for approval. The
Board or its authorized management is responsible for formulating the overall investment policy and periodically reviewing the
performance and compliance of the investment portfolio. Should any significant investments be proposed in the future, the Board or
its authorized management will conduct pre-investment assessments, approvals and ongoing monitoring to ensure compliance with
the Listing Rules and internal risk management requirements.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

As stated in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 9 November 2020,
and the announcements of the Company dated 13 December 2020, 8 November 2021, 29 August 2022, 1 November 2024 and
25 August 2025, the Company intends to utilise the net proceeds raised from the listing of the Shares (the “Listing”), among other
things, to pursue strategic investment and acquisition opportunities with companies engaged in property management and/or
community operations.


Save as disclosed in this report, there were no other plans authorised by the Board for material investments or additions of capital
assets as at 30 June 2026.


INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for the six months
ended 30 June 2025: Nil).


                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report         23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 51,271,000 ordinary shares on the open market
     at a total consideration of approximately HK$48,801,800. As of 30 June 2026 and the date of this report, 26,871,000 of such
     repurchased ordinary shares have been cancelled, and 24,400,000 Shares remain uncancelled. As at 30 June 2026, the Company
     did not hold any treasury shares.


                                                         Total number          Highest price           Lowest price                 Total
                                                             of Shares               paid per              paid per         consideration
     Month of Shares repurchased                          repurchased                  Share                 Share                   paid
                                                                                        (HK$)                 (HK$)                 (HK$)


     January                                                5,800,000                   1.43                   1.38            8,148,050
     March                                                 10,000,000                   0.97                   0.83            8,972,430
     April                                                  7,879,000                   0.97                   0.85            7,144,490
     May                                                    4,992,000                   1.17                   0.92            5,309,070
     June                                                  22,600,000                   0.98                   0.70           19,227,760



     From 2 July 2026 to the date of this report, the Company has repurchased an aggregate of 4,104,000 ordinary shares on the open
     market at a total consideration of approximately HK$3,292,630, and as of the date of this report, such repurchased ordinary shares
     have not been cancelled.


     Based on confidence in the Company’s future development prospects and recognition of the Company’s value, the Board believes
     that under current market conditions, repurchasing Shares will help safeguard the interests of all Shareholders, enhance investor
     confidence, stabilise and increase the Company’s value, and is in the overall interests of the Company and the Shareholders.


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     After the reporting period and as of the date of this report, there was no other significant event that had an effect on the Group.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 22,139 (as at 31 December 2025: 24,042) employees. For the six months ended 30 June 2026,
     the staff cost of the Group was approximately RMB1.25 billion (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB1.40
     billion). The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by reference to factors such as remuneration standard of the local
     market, the overall remuneration standard in the industry, inflation level, corporate operating efficiency and employee performance.
     The Board will review the remuneration policy from time to time. The Group conducts annual performance appraisals for its
     employees, the results of which are applied in annual salary and promotion assessment. Social insurance is paid by the Group for its
     employees in mainland China in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.




24   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


The Group regularly formulates comprehensive internal staff training programmes for its employees to improve and enhance
their professional and service skills, as well as to provide them with the knowledge of industry quality standards and workplace
safety standards. Orientation trainings are provided to new hires, introducing them to the Group’s corporate culture, coaching
them on the Group’s teamwork model, and teaching them service standards and procedures. The Group also assigns experienced
managers to serve as mentors to newly-hired employees, who provide tailored coaching and guidance. Training courses and regular
seminars on various aspects of its business operations, such as quality control and customer relationship management, are provided
to the Group’s employees. In addition, the Group has established occupational safety and sanitation systems, implemented the
ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, and provided employees with workplace safety trainings on
a regular basis to increase their awareness of work safety issues.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The latest version of the second amended and restated memorandum of association and the third amended and restated articles of
association of the Company is available for inspection at the website of the Company (www.sunacservice.com) and the website of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


There was no change to the constitutional documents of the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

The Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 19 November 2020 (the “Listing Date”) by
way of global offering, 690,000,000 Shares were issued, and a total of 793,500,000 Shares were issued after the over-allotment
options were fully exercised, raising net proceeds (after deducting underwriting commissions and other related listing expenses) of
approximately HK$9,042 million in total.


As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 8 November 2021, 29 August 2022, 1 November 2024 and 25 August
2025, the Board resolved to change the use of the unutilised net proceeds from the Listing. On 8 November 2021, the Board
resolved to change the intended use of the net proceeds from the Listing to allocate more net proceeds to acquisition opportunities
with companies engaged in property management and related services and community operations. On 29 August 2022, the Board
resolved to change the intended use of the unutilised net proceeds from the Listing to allocate part of the net proceeds to uses such
as technology, community living services business and working capital in view of the change in the current property management
industry and the limited availability of high-quality acquisition and merger targets with appropriate valuations, and to improve the
utilisation efficiency of capital and enhance the endogenous development ability of the Group. On 1 November 2024, the Board
resolved that, to the extent that the net proceeds from the Listing were not immediately applied to the disclosed purposes, provided
that the expected demand for the use of funds was ensured, the Group might deposit the net proceeds from the Listing as demand
deposits or fixed-term deposits in licensed banks or financial institutions or purchase wealth management products with high security
and good liquidity and a period not exceeding twelve months, so as to improve the utilisation efficiency of the Group’s funds and
its return. On 25 August 2025, given the current overall economic landscape, the circumstances within the property management
sector, coupled with the Company’s development strategy and the limited availability of high-quality investment and M&A targets
with appropriate valuations, the Board resolved to change the intended use and allocation of the unutilised net proceeds from the
Listing to moderately reduce the proceeds intended to be used for investment and M&A and allocate the reduced proceeds to the
community living services business, working capital and general corporate purposes, and change the expected timetable of full
utilisation of the balance. Further details of the breakdown and description of the net proceeds are set out in the announcements of
the Company dated 8 November 2021, 29 August 2022, 1 November 2024, 25 August 2025 and 25 August 2026.




                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report        25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     As of 30 June 2026, the net proceeds from the Listing which were utilised according to the plan of the Company previously
     disclosed were set out below:


                                                                                                        Revised
                                                                                                      amount of
                                                                                                    net proceeds            Actual
                                                                  Revised allocation of               unutilised        amount of       Unutilised
                                                              the net proceeds as set out in               as at     net proceeds     net proceeds    Expected timetable
                                                                the announcement dated              31 December     utilised during   as at 30 June   of full utilisation
     Use of net proceeds                                            25 August 2025                         2025         the Period           2026     of the balance (Note)
                                                                                  (Approximate
                                                              (HK$ million)         percentage)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


     (a) Strategic investment and acquisition opportunities          4,204                46%               638                  0             638    On or before 31
             with companies engaged in property management                                                                                               December 2028
             and/or community operations


     (b) Upgrading the Group’s systems for smart                      768                      9%           261                 49             212    On or before 31
             management services and for the development of                                                                                              December 2028
             the smart communities


     (c) Further developing the community value-added                1,840                20%               174                112              62    On or before 31
             services of the Group                                                                                                                       December 2028


     (d) Working capital and general corporate purposes              2,230                 25%              699                274             425    On or before 31
                                                                                                                                                         December 2028
             – Remuneration for relevant employees                       –                      –           639                214             425
             – Office expenses (including office rental and              –                      –            60                 60               0
                  service fees for professional parties)

     Total                                                           9,042                100%            1,772                435           1,337


     Note: The expected timetable of full utilisation of the balance is set based on the best estimation of the Company taking into account, among other factors,
                prevailing and future market conditions and business developments and needs, and therefore is subject to change.




26   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF THE INTERIM RESULTS

The Company has established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in compliance with
the Listing Rules and the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee currently consists of three
independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Yao Ning, Ms. Wang Lihong and Mr. Zhao Zhonghua, and is chaired by Mr. Yao
Ning who possesses the qualification of professional accountant. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board
to fulfill the functions of reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting procedure, internal control and risk management systems
of the Company, to review the corporate governance policies and implementation of the Group and to perform other duties and
responsibilities as assigned by the Board.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and discussed matters
concerning the audit, internal control and risk management systems and financial reporting, including reviewing the Group’s
unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


The Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been reviewed by the Company’s independent
auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.


                                                                                                   Sunac Services Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                    Huang Shuping
                                                                                                            Chairman of the Board


                                                                                                       Hong Kong, 25 August 2026




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report        27
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


      !




     To the Board of Directors of Sunac Services Holdings Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Introduction

     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 29 to 64, which comprises the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of financial position of Sunac Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as
     at 30 June 2026 and the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and the interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then
     ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
     and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim
     financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” as issued by the
     HKICPA. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our
     conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
     responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     Scope of Review

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial
     Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of interim financial information
     consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
     review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on
     Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
     be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     Conclusion

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information of the Group is
     not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” as issued
     by the HKICPA.



     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants


     Hong Kong, 25 August 2026




28   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                            INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                Note                 2026                  2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


Revenue                                                                          7              3,221,917            3,546,605
Cost of sales                                                                    8              (2,554,756)         (2,775,067)

Gross profit                                                                                      667,161             771,538

Administrative expenses                                                          8               (194,756)            (257,267)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                   8                 (20,885)            (21,838)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                        8               (307,507)            (345,951)
Other income                                                                     9                   8,481                20,753
Other gains – net                                                                10                10,905                 16,524

Operating profit                                                                                  163,399             183,759

Finance income                                                                                     11,464                 14,098
Finance costs                                                                                       (1,815)               (2,841)

Finance income – net                                                             11                  9,649                11,257
Share of post-tax profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures accounted
   for using the equity method, net                                              18                  4,608                (6,054)

Profit before income tax                                                                          177,656             188,962
Income tax expense                                                               12                (36,824)            (47,456)

Profit for the period                                                                             140,832             141,506

Other comprehensive income for the period                                                                –                     –

Total comprehensive income for the period                                                         140,832             141,506

Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                                        124,227             121,866
   – Non-controlling interests                                                                     16,605                 19,640

                                                                                                  140,832             141,506

Earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share) (unaudited)
   – Basic earnings per share                                                    13                   0.04                  0.04
   – Diluted earnings per share                                                  13                   0.04                  0.04



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report    29
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2026


                                                                                30 June    31 December
                                                                      Note         2026           2025
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)      (Audited)


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                    14        128,601        119,970
     Right-of-use assets                                              15         45,975         59,577
     Investment properties                                            16         90,107         90,485
     Intangible assets                                                17        762,892        793,148
     Deferred tax assets                                              26      1,138,058      1,071,458
     Investments accounted for using the equity method                18         30,977         29,000
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)   22        179,711        181,741
     Other receivables                                                19         41,908         39,407
     Prepayments                                                      20          1,032          1,611

                                                                              2,419,261      2,386,397

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                 30,922         33,592
     Trade and other receivables                                      19      3,506,038      3,337,673
     Prepayments                                                      20         41,101         33,175
     Cash and cash equivalents                                        21      2,826,899      3,787,525
     Restricted cash                                                             23,085         23,670
     Bank deposits with the maturity over three months                21         28,000         28,000
     Financial assets at FVPL                                         22        407,963        200,772
     Other current assets                                                         8,382          2,561

                                                                              6,872,390      7,446,968

     Total assets                                                             9,291,651      9,833,365

     EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
     Equity attributable to the owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                    23         25,394         25,645
     Treasury shares                                                  24        (17,533)             –
     Reserves                                                         24      5,043,761      5,090,083
     Retained earnings                                                          163,689         40,658

                                                                              5,215,311      5,156,386
     Non-controlling interests                                                   90,555         75,750

     Total equity                                                             5,305,866      5,232,136




30   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                               INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                           As at 30 June 2026


                                                                                                30 June        31 December
                                                                            Note                  2026                 2025
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                            15                 73,298               81,448
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     26                 19,546               22,562

                                                                                                92,844              104,010

Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                            15                 17,355               19,192
Trade and other payables                                                     25              2,051,255            2,301,142
Contract liabilities                                                          7              1,491,978            1,821,594
Current income tax liabilities                                                                 332,353              355,291

                                                                                             3,892,941            4,497,219

Total liabilities                                                                            3,985,785            4,601,229

Total equity and liabilities                                                                 9,291,651            9,833,365



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.


The interim condensed consolidated financial information on pages 29 to 64 was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 August
2026 and was signed on its behalf.




Cao Hongling                                                  Yang Man
Director                                                      Director




                                                                         SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report     31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                    Unaudited

                                                                      Attributable to the owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                             Share       Treasury                     Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                   Note     capital        shares      Reserves       earnings     Subtotal      interests      Equity
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


     Balance at 1 January 2026                             25,645               –     5,090,083        40,658     5,156,386       75,750     5,232,136


     Total comprehensive income for
       the period ended 30 June 2026                             –              –             –       124,227      124,227        16,605      140,832

     Transactions with owners,
       recognised directly in equity
     Dividends paid to the shareholders of the
       Company                                                   –              –       (28,958)             –      (28,958)            –      (28,958)
     Share award scheme-value of employee
       services                                                  –              –         8,500              –       8,500              –       8,500
     Appropriation of statutory reserves                         –              –         1,196         (1,196)           –             –            –
     Repurchase of shares                                        –        (44,634)            –              –      (44,634)            –      (44,634)
     Deregistration of repurchased shares                     (251)       27,101        (27,060)             –        (210)             –        (210)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                 –              –             –              –            –        (1,800)      (1,800)

     Balance at 30 June 2026                               25,394         (17,533)    5,043,761       163,689     5,215,311       90,555     5,305,866




32   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                  INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                            CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                      Unaudited

                                                      Attributable to the owners of the Company

                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                  Share                     (Accumulated                       controlling       Total
                                                  capital       Reserves           losses)         Subtotal      interests      Equity
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2025                        25,645        5,290,650        (151,163)         5,165,132      154,244     5,319,376


Total comprehensive income for
  the period ended 30 June 2025                        –               –         121,866           121,866        19,640      141,506

Transactions with owners,
  recognised directly in equity
Dividends paid to the shareholders
  of the Company                                       –        (438,069)               –          (438,069)            –     (438,069)
Changes in non-controlling shareholders’
  put option                                           –        218,296                 –          218,296              –     218,296
Share award scheme-value of employee services          –           8,419                –             8,419             –        8,419
Appropriation of statutory reserves                    –           3,585          (3,585)                 –             –            –
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests            –               –                –                 –      (13,702)      (13,702)

Balance at 30 June 2025                          25,645        5,082,881         (32,882)         5,075,644      160,182     5,235,826



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report         33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        Note               2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash used in operations                                                                            (527,932)        (596,106)
     Income tax paid                                                                                    (129,378)         (95,025)

     Net cash used in operating activities                                                              (657,310)        (691,131)

     Cash flows from investing activities
     Proceeds from settlement of financial assets at FVPL                                             2,081,878         3,070,837
     Payments for bank deposits with the maturity over three months                                      (18,000)         (28,000)
     Proceeds from settlement of bank deposits with the maturity over three months                        18,000           15,000
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”)                                       3,444            1,455
     Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                                       4,210                   –
     Payments for financial assets at FVPL                                                            (2,274,000)      (3,854,100)
     Payments for purchases of PPE and intangible assets                                                 (37,862)         (31,477)
     Interest received                                                                                     2,902            3,046
     Principal elements of lease receivables                                                               1,591            1,566
     Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                                             1,470                   –
     Dividend received from joint ventures                                                                 1,161            2,008

     Net cash used in investing activities                                                              (215,206)        (819,665)

     Cash flows from financing activities
     Repurchase of shares including prepayments                                                          (43,612)                  –
     Dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                                            (28,958)        (438,069)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                          (1,800)         (13,702)
     Interest paid                                                                                        (1,815)           (2,841)
     Principal elements of lease payments                                                                (10,133)         (11,169)

     Net cash used in financing activities                                                               (86,318)        (465,781)

     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                          (958,834)      (1,976,577)
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                             3,787,525         4,027,790
     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        (1,792)           (2,746)

     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                       21          2,826,899         2,048,467



     The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




34   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026


1   General information

    Sunac Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 10 January 2019 as an
    exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (Cap. 22, Act 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the
    Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office is One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1–9005,
    Cayman Islands.


    The Company is an investment company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
    provision of property management and operational services, community living services and value-added services to non-
    property owners in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


    The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


    The ultimate holding company of the Company is Sunac China Holdings Limited (the “Sunac China”), an exempted company
    incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


    This interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.


2   Basis of presentation

    This interim condensed consolidated financial report for the half-year reporting period ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared
    in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim report does
    not include all the notes of the type normally included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, this report is to be read
    in conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025 and any public announcement made by the
    Company during the interim reporting period.




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report     35
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     3    Accounting policy information

          The accounting policies adopted by the Group are consistent with those of the previous financial year and corresponding
          interim reporting period, except for the estimation of income tax and the adoption of new and amended standards as set out
          below.


          (A) NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE GROUP

               The Group has applied the following amendment for the first time for its annual reporting period commencing on 1
               January 2026:


               Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7
               Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity – Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7


               The amendment listed above did not have any significant impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and is not
               expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.


          (B) NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED BY THE GROUP

               Certain new or amended accounting standards and annual improvements have been published but are not mandatory
               for 2026 interim reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group. Except for HKFRS 18, other standards
               are not expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable
               future transactions.


                                                                                                                    Effective for the
                                                                                                            financial year beginning
                                                                                                                         on or after

               HKFRS 18, ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ and                                   1 January 2027
                HK Interpretation 5 – Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification
                by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
               HKFRS 19, ‘Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures’ and                               1 January 2027
                   subsequent amendments in October 2025

               For the Group’s assessment of the impact of HKFRS 18, please refer to annual report for the year ended 31 December
               2025, and HKFRS 19 is not expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods
               and on foreseeable future transactions.




36   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2026


4   Estimates

    The preparation of the interim financial information requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
    that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense.
    Actual results may differ from these estimates.


    In preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgements and estimations made by
    management were the same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
    2025.


5   Financial risk management

    5.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS

            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.


            The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all financial risk management information
            and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
            financial statements as at 31 December 2025.


            There have been no significant changes in the risk or in any risk management policies since 31 December 2025.


    5.2 CREDIT RISK

            Impairment of financial assets


            Trade receivables


            For trade receivables from third parties, those do not share same risk characteristics with others, management assesses
            their expected credit losses (“ECL”) on an individual basis. For those that share same risk characteristics with others,
            the ECL was estimated using a provision matrix based on the history ageing profile of these receivables over a period
            of 5 years before 30 June 2026 or 1 January 2026 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experience
            within this period.


            For trade receivables from related parties, the calculation of ECL is determined by referencing the credit rating statistics
            with a 100% probability of default for each pool with similar credit risk characteristics, and an assessment of forward-
            looking information, including general economic conditions.


            The historical loss rates were adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors
            affecting the ability of the customers to settle the trade receivables.




                                                                                  SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report      37
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

               Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


               Trade receivables (Continued)


               On that basis, the loss allowance as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 was determined as follows for trade
               receivables:


               Individual basis


                                                                         Gross carrying           Expected                   Loss        Net carrying
                                                                                amount             loss rate            allowance            amount
                                                                              RMB’000                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


               Third parties
               At 30 June 2026
               Receivables from individual property owners                     851,343                 100%              851,343                   –

               Receivables from individual non-property owners                 217,316                   65%             141,782              75,534

               At 31 December 2025
               Receivables from individual property owners                     636,246                 100%              636,246                   –

               Receivables from individual non-property owners                 194,461                   71%             138,092              56,369



               Provision matrix


                                                                                       Ageing analysis
                                                 Within
                                                  1 year     1–2 years     2–3 years       3–4 years      4–5 years       Over 5 years          Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000


               Third parties
               At 30 June 2026
               Expected loss rate                   5%           18%           41%             62%              91%             100%             14%
               Gross carrying amount           2,119,078      515,430       192,168          99,024            47,999          37,769       3,011,468
               Loss allowance                   104,217        92,305        79,697          61,256            43,493          37,769         418,737

               At 31 December 2025
               Expected loss rate                   5%           19%           37%             64%              82%             100%             14%
               Gross carrying amount           1,869,334      583,530       154,091         101,223            43,879          36,825       2,788,882
               Loss allowance                   100,251       108,166        56,885          64,959            35,899          36,825         402,985




38   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                          NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2026


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

        Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


        Trade receivables (Continued)


        Provision matrix (Continued)


                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                   RMB’000


        Related parties
        At 30 June 2026
        Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                                                                                                 –
        Gross carrying amount                                                                                       218,426
        Loss allowance                                                                                                     –

        Not guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                                                                                             93%
        Gross carrying amount                                                                                     2,976,016
        Loss allowance                                                                                            2,776,346

        Gross carrying amount total                                                                               3,194,442
        Loss allowance total                                                                                      2,776,346

        At 31 December 2025
        Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                                                                                                 –
        Gross carrying amount                                                                                       318,370
        Loss allowance                                                                                                     –

        Not guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                                                                                             94%
        Gross carrying amount                                                                                     2,895,553
        Loss allowance                                                                                            2,720,139

        Gross carrying amount total                                                                               3,213,923
        Loss allowance total                                                                                      2,720,139



        Accounts receivables from related parties are guaranteed by certain assets held by the fellow subsidiaries under Sunac
        China and associates and joint ventures of Sunac China (the “Sunac China Group”).




                                                                       SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report       39
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

               Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


               Other receivables (excluding amounts due from related parties)


               Other receivables (excluding amounts due from related parties) mainly included payments on behalf of property owners,
               lease receivables, deposits and others. Management considered these receivables to be low credit risk, when they have a
               low risk of default and the issuer has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. In
               calculating the ECL rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for other receivables, and adjusts for forward-looking
               macroeconomic data. On that basis, the loss allowance for other receivables (excluding amounts due from related
               parties) was limited to 12 months expected losses, which was RMB11.01 million as at 30 June 2026 (31 December
               2025: RMB11.15 million).


               Amounts due from related parties


               The Group entered into agency services agreements about sales of car park spaces with the Sunac China Group (the “Car
               Park Agency Agreements”).


               Amounts due from related parties mainly included deposits paid for Car Park Agency Agreements and others. As at 30
               June 2026, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate for amounts due from fellow subsidiaries and related
               companies were still at stage 3 given that the reasonable and supportive current and forward-looking information which
               indicates the financial assets were credit-impaired in credit risk.


               The loss allowance as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 was determined as follows for amounts due from related
               parties:


                                                                           Stage 1         Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


               Other receivables


               At 30 June 2026
               Expected loss rate                                                    –           –              72%                72%
               Gross carrying amount                                                 –           –           625,902           625,902

               Loss allowance                                                        –           –           451,380           451,380

               At 31 December 2025
               Expected loss rate                                                    –           –              69%                69%
               Gross carrying amount                                                 –           –           636,717           636,717

               Loss allowance                                                        –           –           440,279           440,279




40   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

        Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


        The loss allowances for trade and other receivables as at 30 June reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                              Third parties    Related parties              Total
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


        Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                      1,188,468          3,160,418         4,348,886
        Increase in loss allowance for trade receivables recognised
          in profit or loss during the period                                      235,688             57,812           293,500
        (Decrease)/increase in loss allowance for other receivables
          recognised in profit or loss during the period                               (138)           14,155             14,017
        Receivables written off during the period through settlement of
          partial receivables                                                        (1,149)           (4,659)            (5,808)

        Closing loss allowance at 30 June                                        1,422,869          3,227,726         4,650,595



                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                               Third parties   Related parties              Total
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


        Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                        796,147          3,158,677         3,954,824
        Increase in loss allowance for trade receivables recognised
          in profit or loss during the period                                      278,006             43,972           321,978
        (Decrease)/increase in loss allowance for other receivables
          recognised in profit or loss during the period                           (11,133)            36,116             24,983
        Receivables written off during the period through settlement of
          partial receivables                                                             –            (8,272)            (8,272)

        Closing loss allowance at 30 June                                        1,063,020          3,230,493         4,293,513



        Trade and other receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
        is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment
        plan with the Group. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement
        activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.


        Impairment losses on trade and other receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating profit.
        Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.




                                                                          SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report       41
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

               Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


               During the period, the following impairment losses or reversals were recognised in profit or loss in relation to impaired
               financial assets:


                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                                    Third parties    Related parties             Total
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Impairment losses
               Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables                          235,688            57,812            293,500
               Movement in loss allowance for other receivables                              (138)          14,155             14,017
               Reversal of previous written off                                               (10)                –                (10)

               Net impairment losses on financial assets                                 235,540            71,967            307,507



                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                     Third parties   Related parties             Total
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Impairment losses
               Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables                          278,006            43,972            321,978
               Movement in loss allowance for other receivables                          (11,133)           36,116             24,983
               Reversal of previous written off                                            (1,010)                –            (1,010)

               Net impairment losses on financial assets                                 265,863            80,088            345,951




42   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION

        (a)   Financial assets

              This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair values
              of the financial instruments since the last annual financial report.

              (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                    To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies
                    its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
                    each level follows underneath the table.

                    The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities measured and recognised at
                    fair value at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 on a recurring basis:

                    Recurring fair value measurements
                    At 30 June 2026                             Note         Level 1         Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

                    Financial assets
                    Financial assets at FVPL                      22                 –               –      587,674         587,674


                    Recurring fair value measurements
                    At 31 December 2025                         Note         Level 1         Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

                    Financial assets
                    Financial assets at FVPL                      22                 –               –      382,513         382,513



                    During the six months ended 30 June 2026, there were no transfers between different levels for recurring
                    fair value measurements during the period.

                    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
                    and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                    market price already incorporates the market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate
                    such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well as changes due to ESG risk.

                    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                    the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                    market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                    value of an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                    included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and wealth management products.

                    The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 3 fair values.


                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report           43
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

               (a)   Financial assets (Continued)


                     (ii)    Valuation techniques used to determine fair values


                             Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                             •       the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                             •       market approach, equity allocation model and option pricing method with observable and
                                     unobservable inputs, including risk-free rate, expected volatility and etc.


                             As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group’s level 3 instruments included interest in an unlisted
                             company and wealth management products.


                     (iii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)


                             The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the period ended 30 June 2026.


                                                                                                             Financial assets at FVPL
                                                                                                        Wealth       Interest in
                                                                                                    management      an unlisted
                                                                                                       products       company                Total
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000


                             Opening balance at 1 January 2026                                         200,772         181,741            382,513
                             Addition                                                                 2,274,000               –         2,274,000
                             Disposal                                                                (2,081,878)              –         (2,081,878)
                             Gains/(losses) recognised in other losses – net*                           15,069           (2,030)           13,039

                             Closing balance at 30 June 2026                                           407,963         179,711            587,674

                             *includes unrealised gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss
                                 attributable to balances held at the end of the reporting period         7,191           (2,030)            5,161




44   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                            NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

        (a)   Financial assets (Continued)


              (iv)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value


                     The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used
                     in level 3 fair value measurements (see (ii) above for the valuation techniques adopted):


                                                                                                                                 Range of significant
                                                          Fair value at                                                          unobservable inputs
                                                        30 June 31 December                                Significant
                     Description                          2026              2025    Valuation method       unobservable inputs     2026             2025
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


                     Interest in an unlisted company   179,711            181,741   Market approach,       Expected volatility   42.08%          49.48%
                                                                                       equity allocation      rate
                                                                                       model and option
                                                                                       pricing method


                     Wealth management products        407,963            200,772   Net assets value       Not applicable              –                –



                     Relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:


                     •     The higher rate of expected volatility, the lower fair value.


              (v)    Valuation processes


                     The management performs the valuation of financial instruments for financial reporting purposes.
                     Unobservable inputs including expected volatility rate are assessed by the independent valuers based on
                     current market assessments of the time value of money and the risk specific to the asset being valued.


              (vi)   Fair values of other financial instruments (unrecognised)


                     The Group also has a number of financial instruments which are not measured at fair value in the balance
                     sheet. For the majority of these instruments, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying
                     amounts, since the interest receivable/payable is either close to current market rates or the instruments are
                     short-term in nature.




                                                                                      SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report                   45
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

               (b)   Non-financial assets


                     This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair values
                     of the non-financial instruments since the last annual financial report.


                     (i)    Fair value hierarchy


                            To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has
                            classified its non-financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the applicable accounting
                            standards. An explanation of each level follows underneath the table.


                            At 30 June 2026                            Note            Level 1      Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                                                      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                            Investment properties                       16                  –             –        90,107           90,107



                            At 31 December 2025                        Note            Level 1      Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                                                      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                            Investment properties                       16                  –             –        90,485           90,485



                            During the period ended 30 June 2026, there were no reclassifications of non-financial assets between
                            different levels for recurring fair value measurements.


                     (ii)   Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values


                            At the end of each reporting period, the management of the Group update their assessment of the fair value
                            of the investment properties, taking into account the most recent independent valuations. The management
                            determine a property’s value within a range of reasonable fair value estimates.


                            Right of use of car park


                            The fair value of the right of use of car park is determined using the Market Approach. This approach is
                            adopted as there is an active secondary market where such right of use of car park frequently bundled and
                            traded in a manner substantially similar to the disposal of physical assets. The valuation is based on the
                            market sales prices of comparable right of use of car park recently transacted in the same locations.




46   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                             NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2026


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

        (b)   Non-financial assets (Continued)


              (iii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)


                      See note 16 for further information about the changes in level 3 items for the period ended 30 June 2026.


              (iv)    Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value


                      The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used
                      in level 3 fair value measurements (see (ii) above for the valuation techniques adopted):


                                                                                                                                 Range of significant
                                                           Fair value at                                                         unobservable inputs
                                                         30 June 31 December                           Significant
                      Description                          2026             2025    Valuation method   unobservable inputs         2026             2025
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


                                                                                                       Market Unit Price     RMB25,000 ~ RMB25,000 ~
                                                                                                                             RMB200,000     RMB110,000
                                                                                                                                 per unit        per unit


                      Right of use of car park spaces    88,667            89,045   Market approach    Discount for Lack      30% – 80%      30% – 50%
                                                                                                          of Marketability
                                                                                                          (“DLOM”)



                      Relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:


                      •       The higher market unit price, the higher fair value;


                      •       The higher DLOM, the lower fair value.


              (v)     Valuation processes


                      As at 30 June 2026, management performs valuations for its investment properties including right of use of
                      car park spaces.


                      The main level 3 inputs used by the Group are derived and evaluated as follows:


                      Right of use of car park – market unit price is the prevailing transaction price per car park unit in the same
                      place and the DLOM is a specific discount which is applied to reflect the inherent illiquidity of the assets.



                                                                                      SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report                   47
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     6    Segment information

          Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Makers
          (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment, has
          been identified as the executive directors of the Company.


          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group is principally engaged in the provision of property management and
          operational services, community living services and value-added services to non-property owners in the PRC. Management
          reviews the operating results of the business by region in the PRC, but these operating segments are aggregated into a single
          operating segment as the nature of services, the type of customers for services, the methods used to provide their services and
          the nature of regulatory environment are the same in different regions.


          The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC. Accordingly, all of the Group’s revenue was derived in
          the PRC during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


          As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, nearly 100% of the non-current assets of the Group were located in the PRC.


     7    Revenue of services

          Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management and operational services, community living services and
          value-added services to non-property owners. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended 30
          June 2026 and 2025 was as follows:


                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


          Recognised over time
          – Property management and operational services                                                  3,034,494          3,292,305
          – Community living services                                                                        84,872            106,103
          – Value-added services to non-property owners                                                      21,744             40,870

                                                                                                          3,141,110          3,439,278

          Recognised at a point in time
          – Community living services                                                                        78,739            104,629
          – Value-added services to non-property owners                                                        2,068             2,698

                                                                                                             80,807            107,327

                                                                                                          3,221,917          3,546,605



          The Group had a large number of customers and none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the six
          months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.




48   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026


7   Revenue of services (Continued)

    (A) CONTRACT LIABILITIES

           The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:


                                                                                                     30 June     31 December
                                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


           Contract liabilities
           – Third parties                                                                         1,488,747        1,809,010
           – Related parties                                                                           3,231           12,584

                                                                                                   1,491,978        1,821,594



8   Expenses by nature

    Expenses included in cost of sales, administrative expenses, selling and marketing expenses and net impairment losses on
    financial assets are analysed as follows:


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


    Employee benefit expenses                                                                      1,251,441        1,399,477
    Security, maintenance, cleaning and greening costs                                             1,101,338        1,202,963
    Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                        307,507         345,951
    Utilities                                                                                        168,277         175,973
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                     62,469           70,724
    Consumable materials cost                                                                         52,606           61,891
    Cost of goods sold                                                                                27,284           26,752
    Travelling and entertainment expenses                                                             18,375           25,667
    Office and communication expenses                                                                 18,302           13,948
    Others                                                                                            70,305           76,777

                                                                                                   3,077,904        3,400,123




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   49
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     9    Other income

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


          Government grants (a)                                                                            8,225           20,461
          Interest income                                                                                    256              292

                                                                                                           8,481           20,753



          (a)   Government grants mainly represented financial support funds from government. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                other contingencies attached to these grants.


          DEFERRAL AND PRESENTATION OF GOVERNMENT GRANTS

          Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them
          with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


     10 Other gains – net

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


          Fair value gains from financial assets at FVPL                                                  13,039           16,660
          Fair value losses on investment properties                                                      (1,651)           (5,389)
          Gains/(losses) on disposal of right-of-use assets in the sublease                                1,221              (183)
          Losses on termination of a sublease contract                                                    (1,576)             (593)
          Exchange losses                                                                                 (1,792)           (2,746)
          Others                                                                                           1,664             8,775

                                                                                                          10,905           16,524




50   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026


11 Finance income – net

                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


   Finance cost
     Interest expenses for lease liabilities                                                            (1,815)           (2,841)

   Finance income
     Interest income on bank deposits                                                                    8,901            11,223
     Interest income for lease receivables                                                               1,078             1,388
     Others                                                                                              1,485             1,487

                                                                                                       11,464             14,098

                                                                                                         9,649            11,257



12 Income tax expense

                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


   Current income tax                                                                                 106,440            126,253
   Deferred income tax                                                                                 (69,616)          (78,797)

                                                                                                       36,824             47,456



   (I)    CAYMAN ISLAND INCOME TAX

          The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
          Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.


   (II)   HONG KONG PROFIT TAX AND BVI INCOME TAX

          No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not derive any income subject to Hong Kong profits
          tax during the period ended 30 June 2026.


          Pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations of the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the BVI subsidiaries of the Group
          are not subject to any income tax in those jurisdictions.




                                                                           SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report        51
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     12 Income tax expense (Continued)

          (III) PRC CORPORATE INCOME TAX

                Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the applicable
                tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the years/periods, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and
                practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate was 25% for the half-years of 2026 and 2025.


                According to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are registering and
                operating in western region of Mainland China are entitled for a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% for the
                six months ended 30 June 2026.


                In accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding income tax is levied on dividends declared
                to foreign investors from the enterprises with foreign investments established in the PRC. The Group is therefore liable
                to withholding taxes on dividends estimated distributable by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of their
                earnings generated from 1 January 2008.


     13 Earnings per share

          The basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company by the weighted
          average number of ordinary shares in issue during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.


          The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding to be issued during the six months ended 30 June 2026
          and 2025. Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share.


                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026               2025


          Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                         124,227            121,866

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                         3,037,210,442      3,056,844,000

          Basic earnings per share for profit attributable to the owners of
            the Company during the period (expressed in RMB per share)                                           0.04              0.04




52   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026


14 Property, plant and equipment

                                     Machinery                    Furniture
                                  and electronic                 and office      Leasehold                  Assets under
                                     equipment     Vehicles      equipment    Improvements      Buildings   construction      Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


   As at 31 December 2025
   Cost                                196,077      14,263          20,781          47,100            33          6,558    284,812
   Accumulated depreciation           (124,975)      (8,940)       (10,778)        (20,116)          (33)             –    (164,842)

   Net book amount                      71,102       5,323          10,003          26,984             –          6,558    119,970

   Half-year ended 30 June 2026
   Opening net book amount               71,102      5,323          10,003          26,984             –          6,558    119,970
   Additions                              8,127      1,046           1,500           5,245             –         14,105     30,023
   Transfer from assets under
     construction                         3,257           –              –               –             –         (3,257)          –
   Disposals                             (3,055)      (228)           (161)              –             –              –      (3,444)
   Depreciation charges                 (13,743)     (1,269)        (1,198)         (1,738)            –              –     (17,948)

   Closing net book amount               65,688      4,872          10,144          30,491             –         17,406    128,601

   As at 30 June 2026
   Cost                                200,410      14,438          21,816          52,343            33         17,406    306,446
   Accumulated depreciation            (134,722)     (9,566)       (11,672)        (21,852)          (33)             –    (177,845)

   Net book amount                       65,688      4,872          10,144          30,491             –         17,406    128,601



   For the six months ended 30 June 2026, depreciation expense of RMB15.9 million and RMB2.0 million has been charged to
   “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report      53
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     15 Leases
                                                                                                        Vehicles
                                                                                     Properties       and others            Total
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

          Right-of-use assets
          As at 31 December 2025                                                        58,765               812           59,577
          Additions                                                                      5,806               403            6,209
          Depreciation charges                                                          (9,482)             (526)         (10,008)
          Disposals                                                                     (9,803)                –           (9,803)

          As at 30 June 2026                                                            45,286               689           45,975


                                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                                          2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

          Lease liabilities
          Current                                                                                         17,355           19,192
          Non-current                                                                                     73,298           81,448

                                                                                                          90,653          100,640


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, depreciation expense of RMB3.6 million and RMB6.4 million has been charged to “cost
          of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.

     16 Investment properties

                                                                                                                       Completed
                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                        properties
                                                                                                                         RMB’000



          As at 1 January 2025                                                                                             50,097
          Addition                                                                                                         69,120
          Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                        (22,393)
          Other disposals                                                                                                  (1,291)
          Fair value changes (Note 5.3(b))                                                                                 (5,048)

          As at 31 December 2025                                                                                           90,485
          Addition                                                                                                          2,615
          Disposal                                                                                                         (1,342)
          Fair value changes (Note 5.3(b))                                                                                 (1,651)

          As at 30 June 2026                                                                                               90,107


          The Group’s investment properties mainly represent right of use of car park, which are acquired from partial settlement of
          receivables from related parties.


54   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


17 Intangible assets

                                                                                     Customer          Software
                                                                  Goodwill        relationships      and others            Total
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                  (note (a))


    As at 31 December 2025
    Cost                                                          1,092,923            350,131         350,030         1,793,084
    Accumulated amortization                                              –           (287,991)        (232,370)        (520,361)
    Accumulated impairment                                         (472,690)                 –           (6,885)        (479,575)

    Net book amount                                                620,233              62,140         110,775          793,148

    Half-year ended 30 June 2026
    Opening net book amount                                        620,233              62,140         110,775          793,148
    Additions                                                             –                  –            4,257            4,257
    Amortisation                                                          –            (12,649)         (21,864)         (34,513)
    Impairment                                                            –                  –                –                –

    Closing net book amount                                        620,233              49,491           93,168         762,892

    As at 30 June 2026
    Cost                                                          1,092,923            202,370         349,581         1,644,874
    Accumulated amortisation                                              –           (152,879)        (249,528)        (402,407)
    Accumulated impairment                                         (472,690)                 –           (6,885)        (479,575)

    Net book amount                                                620,233              49,491           93,168         762,892



    For the six months ended 30 June 2026, amortisation expense of RMB22.7 million and RMB11.8 million has been charged to
    “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.


    (a)    As there were no indicators for impairment of the cash-generating units as at 30 June 2026, management has not
           updated any impairment calculations.


18 Investments accounted for using the equity method

                                                                                                        30 June     31 December
                                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


    Joint ventures (a)                                                                                   17,342           16,767
    Associates (b)                                                                                       13,635           12,233

                                                                                                         30,977           29,000




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   55
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     18 Investments accounted for using the equity method (Continued)

          (A) INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026           2025
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                At 1 January                                                16,767          22,358
                Dividends declared                                          (1,161)         (2,008)
                Disposal of a joint venture                                 (1,470)              –
                Share of profits/(losses) of joint ventures                  3,206          (6,803)

                At 30 June                                                  17,342          13,547



          (B) INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026           2025
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                At 1 January                                                12,233          11,106
                Share of profits of associates                               1,402             749

                At 30 June                                                  13,635          11,855



     19 Trade and other receivables

                                                                           30 June     31 December
                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


          Non-current –
          Other receivables (ii)                                            43,193          40,619

          Less: loss allowance (iii)                                        (1,285)          (1,212)

          Non-current total                                                 41,908          39,407

          Current –
          Trade receivables (i)                                          7,274,569       6,833,512
          Other receivables (ii)                                           880,779         851,835

                                                                         8,155,348       7,685,347


          Less: loss allowance (iii)                                    (4,649,310)      (4,347,674)

          Current total                                                  3,506,038       3,337,673


56   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026


19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

    (i)   As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables were all
          denominated in RMB.


          Trade receivables mainly arise from rendering of property management services managed under a lump-sum basis,
          operational services and value-added services. Revenue from property management and operational services, community
          living services and value-added services to non-property owners is due for payment upon rendering of service.


          As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s trade receivables and loss allowance were as follows:


                                                                                                     30 June      31 December
                                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


          Trade receivables from third parties
            – Individual property owners                                                             851,343              636,246
            – Individual non-property owners                                                         217,316              194,461
            – Provision matrix                                                                     3,011,468         2,788,882

          Subtotal of third parties                                                                4,080,127         3,619,589
          Trade receivables from related parties                                                   3,194,442         3,213,923

          Total receivables                                                                        7,274,569         6,833,512

          Less: Loss allowance
            – Individual property owners                                                            (851,343)         (636,246)
            – Individual non-property owners                                                        (141,782)         (138,092)
            – Provision matrix                                                                      (418,737)         (402,985)

          Subtotal of third parties                                                               (1,411,862)       (1,177,323)
            – Related parties                                                                     (2,776,346)       (2,720,139)

          Total loss allowance                                                                    (4,188,208)       (3,897,462)

          Trade receivables – net                                                                  3,086,361         2,936,050




                                                                          SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report       57
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

          (i)     (Continued)


                  The ageing analysis of trade receivables based on dates of rendering of services is as follows:


                                                                                                                    30 June   31 December
                                                                                                                      2026          2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Within 1 year                                                                               2,215,570         1,905,472
                  1 to 2 years                                                                                1,327,189           808,544
                  2 to 3 years                                                                                  823,850           626,654
                  3 to 4 years                                                                                  427,253         1,124,799
                  4 to 5 years                                                                                1,633,441         2,208,075
                  Over 5 years                                                                                  847,266           159,968

                                                                                                              7,274,569         6,833,512



          (ii)    Other receivables mainly include refundable deposit paid to related parties, the payments on behalf of property owners
                  in respect of utilities costs and the lease receivables in the sublease. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


          (iii)   Impairment and risk exposure


                  The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis ECL associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. As at
                  30 June 2026, out of total provision of approximately RMB4,649 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB4,348
                  million) for trade and other receivables in current portion, a provision of approximately RMB4,188 million (31 December
                  2025: approximately RMB3,897 million) was made against the gross amounts of trade receivables. Note 5.2 provides for
                  details about the calculation of the allowance.


                  Other receivables from third parties are all considered to have low credit risk and the loss allowance recognised during
                  the period was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses.


                  Other receivables from related parties including refundable deposits for car park agency services are considered to have
                  been credit impaired in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group applied the lifetime ECL at stage 3 to determine
                  the loss allowance to be recognised. As at 30 June 2026, a provision of RMB451.38 million (31 December 2025:
                  RMB440.28 million) was made against the gross amounts of other receivables. Note 5.2 provides for details about the
                  calculation of the allowance.




58   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2026


20 Prepayments

                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    Non-current –
    Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                              1,032            1,611

    Current –
    Prepayments for repurchase of shares                                                             7,783            9,015
    Prepayments for utilities                                                                        3,073            1,468
    Prepayments for short-term rental fees                                                           3,056            2,540
    Others                                                                                          27,189           20,152

                                                                                                    41,101           33,175



    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments were all denominated in RMB.


21 Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits

    Cash on hand and demand deposit:


                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                          2,805,675        3,748,209
    HKD                                                                                             21,217           39,312
    USD                                                                                                  7                4

                                                                                                 2,826,899        3,787,525



    Bank deposits with the maturity over three months:


                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                             28,000           28,000




                                                                          SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   59
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     22 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


          Non-current –
          Investment in an unlisted entity                                                               179,711           181,741

          Current –
          Wealth management products (i)                                                                 407,963           200,772



          (i)   As at 30 June 2026, wealth management products represented the investment in certain non-principal guaranteed RMB
                denominated wealth management products, which had an expected return rate from 0.32% to 4.03% per annum. For
                wealth management products with fixed maturity date, their maturity dates did not exceed the end of October.


     23 Share capital

                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                  ordinary shares              Share Capital

                                                                                                                       Equivalent to
                                                                                                             HK$           RMB’000


          Authorised:
          HK$0.01 per share                                                      10,000,000,000       100,000,000

          Issued and fully paid:
          As at 31 December 2025                                                  3,056,844,000        30,568,440              25,645
          Deregistration of repurchased shares (i)                                  (28,871,000)         (288,710)               (251)

          As at 30 June 2026                                                      3,027,973,000        30,279,730              25,394



          (i)   During the period ended 30 June 2026, the Company repurchased 52,171,000 shares at the cost of HKD50.89 million
                (equivalent to approximately RMB44.63 million and deregistered 28,871,000 shares. The excess amount over the par
                value of HKD30.80 million (equivalent to RMB26.85 million) was debited to share premium (note 24).




60   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026


24 Reserves and treasury shares

                                                          Treasury        Share     Statutory         Other
                                                            shares     premium       reserve        reserves          Total
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2026
    Balance at 1 January 2026                                    –    6,573,630     178,744       (1,662,291)     5,090,083
    Share awards scheme-value of employee services               –            –            –           8,500          8,500
    Dividends to the shareholders of the Company                 –      (28,958)           –                –       (28,958)
    Appropriation of statutory reserve                           –            –        1,196                –         1,196
    Repurchase of shares (note 23 (i))                     (44,634)           –            –                –       (44,634)
    Deregistration of repurchased shares (note 23 (i))     27,101       (26,850)           –            (210)           41

    Balance at 30 June 2026                                (17,533)   6,517,822     179,940       (1,654,001)     5,026,228

    Six months ended 30 June 2025
    Balance at 1 January 2025                                    –    7,011,699     167,840       (1,888,889)     5,290,650
    Share awards scheme-value of employee services               –            –            –           8,419          8,419
    Dividends to the shareholders of the Company                 –     (438,069)           –                –      (438,069)
    Changes in non-controlling shareholders’ put option          –            –            –        218,296         218,296
    Appropriation of statutory reserve                           –            –        3,585                –         3,585

    Balance at 30 June 2025                                      –    6,573,630     171,425       (1,662,174)     5,082,881



25 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                  30 June       31 December
                                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade payables (i)                                                                           963,912          1,077,921
    Temporary receipt on behalf (ii)                                                             299,621            307,539
    Payroll and welfare payables                                                                 263,568            319,028
    Deposit payables                                                                             252,946            276,952
    Other taxes payable                                                                          149,697            178,379
    Amounts due to related parties (iii)                                                          43,081             45,088
    Accruals and others                                                                           78,430             96,235

                                                                                                2,051,255         2,301,142



    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts
    approximated their fair values.




                                                                      SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report      61
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     25 Trade and other payables (Continued)

          (i)     The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:


                                                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                                                2026              2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


                  Within 1 year                                                                              783,317           882,634
                  1 to 2 years                                                                                41,364            48,688
                  2 to 3 years                                                                                20,732            20,880
                  Over 3 years                                                                               118,499           125,719

                                                                                                             963,912         1,077,921



          (ii)    Temporary receipt on behalf mainly represented the proceeds received from property owners in respect of utilities costs
                  and miscellaneous income on common area resources payable to property owners.


          (iii)   The amounts due to related parties mainly represented the temporary collection on behalf which are unsecured and
                  interest free.


     26 Deferred income tax

          (A) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

                                                                                                            30 June       31 December
                                                                                                              2026               2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

                  The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                    – Impairment provision                                                                 1,052,446           981,991
                    – Fair value change                                                                       53,509            52,622
                    – Lease liabilities                                                                       22,663            25,161
                    – Accrued expense and others                                                              18,906            23,776
                    – Tax losses                                                                              12,451            12,863

                  Total deferred tax assets                                                                1,159,975         1,096,413

                  Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                         (21,917)          (24,955)

                  Net deferred tax assets                                                                  1,138,058         1,071,458




62   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
                           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


26 Deferred income tax (Continued)

    (B) DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

                                                                                                      30 June      31 December
                                                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

         The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
           – Fair value surplus at acquisitions                                                         16,901           20,654
           – Lease payments receivable under a finance lease                                            11,885           11,303
           – Right-of-use assets                                                                        10,031           13,651
           – Fair value change                                                                             836              835
           – Others                                                                                      1,810            1,074

         Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                 41,463           47,517

         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                            (21,917)         (24,955)

         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                   19,546           22,562



27 Dividends

    The dividends paid in the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 were approximately RMB28.96 million (RMB0.01 per
    share) and RMB438.07 million (RMB0.143 per share), respectively.

    No interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was proposed by the board of directors of the Company (for the
    six months ended 30 June 2025: Nil).

28 Related party transactions

    (A) MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

         In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
         information, the Group had the following significant transactions entered into the ordinary course of business between
         the Group and the related parties:

         (i)   Rendering of services


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

               Revenue from provision of properties management services and
                 value-added services
                  – Fellow subsidiaries                                                                 50,170           76,360
                  – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                                        30,122           26,934

                                                                                                        80,292         103,294




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report   63
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     28 Related party transactions (Continued)

          (B) BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES BEFORE PROVISION

                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                              2026             2025
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

               Trade receivables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                    2,649,003       2,661,686
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                             545,439         552,237

                                                                                          3,194,442       3,213,923

               Other receivables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                      584,712         589,213
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                              41,190          47,504

                                                                                            625,902         636,717

               Trade and other receivables                                                3,820,344       3,850,640

               Trade and other payables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                       38,908          39,251
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                              14,689          14,210

                                                                                             53,597          53,461

               Contract liabilities
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                          509           7,792
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                               2,722           4,792

                                                                                              3,231          12,584



          (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION

               Compensations for key management are set out below.

                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2026           2025
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

               Wages, salaries and discretionary bonuses                                      4,342           4,557
               Social insurance expenses, housing benefits and other employee benefits          279             361
               Share awards                                                                   3,092           2,206

                                                                                              7,713           7,124




64   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2026 Interim Report
