                                                                           融創服務控股有限公司
                                                                                        SUNAC SERVICES
融創服務控股有限公司（「本公司」，連同其附屬公司統稱為「本集
團」）是一家於香港聯合交易所有限公司（「聯交所」）主板上市的公
司。

本集團自成立以來，聚焦核心城市中高端物業，踐行高質量發展
戰略，佈局物業管理及商業運營綜合服務兩大業務板塊，逐步確
立了行業領先地位。本集團始終以「至善•致美」為服務理念，為
客戶提供全面的高品質物業服務，致力於成為「中國品質服務首




                                                                                        HOLDINGS LIMITED
選品牌」。
Sunac Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a company listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

Since its establishment, the Group has focused on mid-to-high-
end properties in core cities, adhered to the strategy of high quality
development, and developed two main business segments of
property management and comprehensive commercial operational
services, owing to which, the Group has established its leading
position in the industry gradually. In pursuit of its service philosophy
of “commitment to excellence and beauty” ( 至 善 • 致 美 ), the
Group offers a full range of high-quality property services to its
customers and is dedicated to becoming the “Best Quality Service
Provider in China”.
                       CONTENTS


                                2
                      Corporate Information

                                4
                      Chairman’s Statement

                                8
               Management Discussion and Analysis

                               16
           Corporate Governance and Other Information

                               28
         Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

                               29
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                               30
  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                               32
  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                               34
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                               36
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information




                                           SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                          GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                          Ms. Cao Hongling (Chairperson)
    Mr. Wang Mengde                                       Ms. Yang Man
                                                          Ms. Wang Lihong
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                   Mr. Yao Ning
                                                          Mr. Zhao Zhonghua
    Ms. Cao Hongling (Chief Executive Officer)
    Ms. Yang Man                                          COMPANY SECRETARY

    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                               Mr. Zhang Xiaoming


    Mr. Lu Peng                                           AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Gao Xi
                                                          Ms. Yang Man
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                   Mr. Zhang Xiaoming


    Ms. Wang Lihong                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Yao Ning
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     31/F, Tower Two, Times Square
                                                          1 Matheson Street
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Causeway Bay
                                                          Hong Kong
    Mr. Yao Ning (Chairperson)
    Ms. Wang Lihong                                       HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     BUSINESS IN THE PRC

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                25th Floor, Block O1A
                                                          Sunac Center
    Ms. Wang Lihong (Chairperson)                         No. 278 Hongqi Road
    Ms. Cao Hongling                                      Nankai District
    Mr. Yao Ning                                          Tianjin
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     PRC


    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                  REGISTERED OFFICE

    Mr. Wang Mengde (Chairperson)                         Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Wang Lihong                                       One Nexus Way
    Mr. Yao Ning                                          Camana Bay
    Mr. Zhao Zhonghua                                     Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
                                                          Cayman Islands




2   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION


CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE                      AUDITOR
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited              Certified Public Accountants
Cricket Square                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681                                       PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
                                                    China Construction Bank
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                    STOCK CODE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor                         HKSE: 01516
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Wanchai
Hong Kong                                           www.sunacservice.com


LEGAL ADVISER

Sidley Austin




                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    I am pleased to present to you the business review of the Company for the first half of 2024 and the business outlook for the
    second half of 2024.


    REVIEW OF THE FIRST HALF OF 2024

    In the first half of 2024, changes in the environment brought new challenges to the property management industry. On the one
    hand, many local governments introduced standardized policies on pricing and safety management; on the other hand, affected
    by a number of factors such as economical factors, customers’ willingness and ability to pay have declined to some extent, but
    they still maintain certain expectations for service. Under the new situation, the Group built a solid foundation for its operation and
    development, always placing customers’ needs at the forefront, and made steady progress on the path to high-quality development.


    In the first half of 2024, the Group’s overall performance was stable and positive. For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the
    “Period”), the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB3,484 million and gross profit of approximately RMB888 million, both
    representing a steady growth year-on-year. During the Period, the Group’s various expenses continued to be effectively controlled
    with the sales and management fee rate recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.2 percentage points. The core net
    profit attributable to the owners of the Company1 amounted to approximately RMB455 million, which remained flat as compared
    to the same period of last year. In the first half of 2024, the Group continued to effectively manage and reduce the impact from
    related parties’ businesses, and the revenue from related parties marked a year-on-year decrease of approximately 51% while its
    proportion to total revenue amounted to only approximately 3%. Besides, the gross trade receivables from related parties did not
    increase further as compared with that as at 31 December 2023. Meanwhile, the Group made further provision for impairment on
    trade receivables from related parties arising from transactions in previous years. The percentage of impairment made for non-asset-
    backed guaranteed portion of trade receivables from related parties reached 93% and the balance of non-asset-backed guaranteed
    portion amounted to only approximately RMB189 million.


    As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s overall management scale remains stable, with gross floor area (“GFA”) under management
    of approximately 282 million sq.m., the number of property owners under management exceeded 1.6 million, and annualised
    contract amount from projects under management amounted to approximately RMB6,400 million. Over the years, the Group has
    consistently adhered to a market strategy focused on and deep-rooted in core cities, with revenue from basic property management
    services in 40+ core cities accounting for more than 80% of total revenue. In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved an annual
    contract amount of approximately RMB160 million, primarily in core sectors such as residential, commercial office, industrial parks,
    hospitals and schools, with 98% located in the Group’s strategically positioned 40+ core cities. In terms of customer quality, the
    Group has continually gained recognition from premium major customers, with the contract values from these major customers
    increasing by approximately 16% year-on-year.




    Note:


    1:      It refers to the core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company, excluding the impairment provision for receivables, share award scheme
            expenses, unrealised gains and losses on changes in fair value from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, amortisation expenses of
            intangible assets (brands, contracts and customer relationships) arising from acquisitions and mergers, gains and losses on changes in fair value of
            investment properties and goodwill and other intangible assets impairment. On this basis, the core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
            for the same period last year was approximately RMB435 million.



4   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


High-quality general service laid a solid foundation for the development of the Group. In the first half of 2024, while performing
quality management of daily services across four aspects including housekeeping, security, engineering and environment
maintenance, the Group has focused on addressing customer needs and enhancing the quality of the residential parks
fundamentally. The Group has initiated special projects aimed at renovating facilities and landscaping implementing energy-saving
technologies in older projects and those with incomplete deliveries. In terms of investment in project renovations, the Group has not
only increased own financial investment but has also established a standardised withdraw mechanism for maintenance funds and
public area revenue based on principles of legality, compliance, open and transparency. In our efforts to save energy and reduce
consumption, the Group has expanded its use of energy-efficient LED lights and non-negative pressure energy-saving booster
pumps, implemented commercial-to-residential metering upgrades for electricity in public areas such as garage in eligible residential
projects. In the first half of the year, a total of 93 energy-saving renovation tasks have been completed under the technical and
policy energy-saving initiatives. Through professional expertise and financial investment, the Group has further enhanced the
quality of on-site projects, promoted customer satisfaction and increased revenue. Additionally, the Group advanced the “i Sunny”
community governance initiatives under the framework of party leadership with a focus on community public governance. By
establishing a community council mechanism, the Group closely connected the community, residents and property management
companies, collaboratively discussing various aspects such as community space development, residential safety, green environments,
convenient living circles and public welfare initiatives.


In terms of non-residential business segment, the Group focused on product and system development for core sectors, as well
as personalised service requirements for customers in the first half of 2024, undertook initiatives in three areas: framework
optimisation, product refinement and service delivery. In terms of optimisation of management structure, the Group established
an independent non-residential business structure in core cities to promote more direct, in-depth and professional management
services. The Group refined benchmark projects, established operational standards and improved operation management
mechanisms for core development sectors, including non-residential offices, industrial parks, schools and hospitals. In response to
the personalised service needs of major customers, the Group improved communication channels and established an expert working
mechanism for major customer service to address specific customer concerns and provide tailored service solutions.


The Group’s living services business identify service categories based on client needs and property management companies’
advantages, focusing on core cities and adhering to the fundamental principle of solid and healthy business development. In the
first half of 2024, the living service business achieved a gross profit of approximately RMB94.48 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of approximately 9%. In respect of property interior decoration services, the revenue from the Group’s self-operated
business has increased to approximately 76%, and the business model for partial renovation of property inventories in Chongqing
was replicated and promoted to 30 projects in Tianjin, Jinan and other cities, resulting in a sales growth of approximately 72% as
compared with that of the second half of 2023. In respect of home services, we have increased the penetration rate in core cities
where we have been deeply cultivating, with the number of projects with home services increased by approximately 7% year-on-
year in nine deeply cultivated cities. In respect of community merchandise sales, we focused on customers’ high-frequency and
rigid needs, with number of orders for products such as water, milk, rice and oil increasing by approximately 35% year-on-year.
In respect of convenient facilities, we have been solidly promoting our self-operation model for drinking fountains and charging
stations for non-motor driven vehicles to increase project coverage. Moreover, we stimulated the enthusiasm of our primary
service personnel through marketing atmosphere creation, achieved a significant increase in the proportion of distribution sales in
community merchandise sales, home services and leasing businesses. Furthermore, following the integration and optimisation of
structure and personnel around core cities, as well as further standardisation of supplier management in 2023, the Group’s living
services business saw a substantial increase in both profit per employee and profit per labor cost2 in the first half of 2024.


Note:


2:      It refers to the ratio of gross profit to labor cost.



                                                                                SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report     5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    The Group’s digital technology work has been steadily advancing for years, focusing on business online transformation,
    digitalisation, and digital business development, helping to achieve dual improvements in service quality and management in terms
    of experience and efficiency. From 2021 to 2022, we achieved the commissioning and application of a number of systems, such as
    Ronghui remote inspection systems, the EBA remote monitoring systems for equipment and facilities, smart vehicle traffic and smart
    human traffic system. In 2023, we focused on promoting the coverage and utilisation of such systems, so as to make the system
    tools widely available for use and, in conjunction with feedbacks from business applications, continuously optimised and upgraded
    the products to make such system tools more user-friendly. In the first half of 2024, while continuing to promote the use of systems
    and to optimise and upgrade products, we orderly advanced data governance and consolidation. We can clearly present the status
    of projects across various aspects via systematic dashboards, including service quality, equipment operation, and operational health,
    thereby facilitating business analysis, enabling early warnings or predictions, thus enhancing service and management efficiency. We
    have also begun exploring and experimenting with AI applications in different business scenarios.


    OUTLOOK FOR THE SECOND HALF OF 2024

    Looking back, in recent years, the industry environment has been full of complexity and uncertainties, and the property
    management industry has experienced new challenges. However, we have consistently adhered to its service commitment,
    focusing on the essence of our business and grown and developed resiliently, maintaining its strategic composure. We remain
    firmly confident in the future development of the Company. In the context of continuous recovery of the economy, ongoing policy
    refinement and customers and market rationalisation, the Group will keep expanding its market share, deep investment in core
    cities, focusing on sectors with advantageous and providing satisfactory services to customers, to demonstrate healthy growth, with
    the aim of delivering long-term, reliable and stable returns to the shareholders of the Company.


    We will continue to prioritise the maintenance of a sound and healthy cash flow and manage the baseline of business among our
    operation tasks. In terms of cash flow management for non-related party businesses, we will focus on addressing customer issues,
    particularly addressing challenges such as reactivation of dormant accounts, collection of vacant property rents, and the impacts
    of policies, thereby enhancing receivables collection to ensure a healthy cash flow throughout the year. In the meantime, we will
    accelerate the establishment of our strengths in quality-price matching cost management measures and operation ability. In terms
    of the management of business and receivables from related parties, we will continue to adopt a market-oriented principle towards
    related parties’ businesses, taking the feasibility of repayment as the benchmark for business engagement, while actively pursuing
    outstanding payments and promoting the provision of high-quality real estate assets for debt offset and guaranteed.


    We will remain committed to the customer-first philosophy, striving to preserve our reputation for high-quality service, and by
    enhancing our professional and differentiated service offerings to differentiate ourselves from the sea of similar services. In the next
    phrase, we will place greater emphasis on the cultivation of customer relationships throughout the lifecycle, making our community
    establishment as an impressive image of customer services. In terms of non-residential services, we will be dedicated to develop core
    sectors by continuously refining and improving our standards, to develop a distinctive reputation for service products.




6   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Ability to make development is an important ruler for measuring the comprehensive capability of an enterprise. In terms of market
expansion, the Group is committed to focus on core cities and core sectors, and deepen cooperation with major customers.
Tactically, we will further focus on development of core cities with advantageous. By strengthening market research and analysis,
and refining our competitive strategies and tactics across different core sectors and different core cities, we continue to improve
our process management mechanisms, capitalise on the vitality of our prime locations, and expand our customer base and lead
generation. We drive greater business opportunities by investing more management resources; and develop our own competitive
advantages in terms of products, services and operating costs.


We adhere to the goal of long-term sustainable development for living services business, and will develop an ability to replicate
business models in cities with density advantages by making business models for core service types needed by the customers to
make business better and stronger. Meanwhile, the Group further delineate the synergistic roles between our core business and
integrated marketing initiatives, ensuring that the core business remains dynamic and its advantages are fully realized through
robust mechanism support. We will systematically advance the implementation of integrated marketing strategies, fully leverage the
advantages of our community and offline marketing scenarios.


Looking ahead, the Group will steadfastly uphold our commitment to value, drive business growth and deliver stable returns to our
shareholders.


                                                                                                  Sunac Services Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                   Wang Mengde
                                                                                                            Chairman of the Board


                                                                                                      Hong Kong, 26 August 2024




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report       7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    FINANCIAL REVIEW

    1.   REVENUE


         For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB3,483.7 million, representing
         an increase of approximately RMB87.6 million (approximately 2.6%) as compared with approximately RMB3,396.1 million
         for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the increase in revenue from property
         management and operational services. The following tables set forth the details of the Group’s total revenue by source and
         business line for the periods indicated:


         By source:


                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                           2024                               2023                    Growth rate
                                                    RMB’000                 %         RMB’000                 %                 %


         Third party                                3,390,067             97.3        3,203,764             94.3               5.8
         Related party                                93,661               2.7         192,287               5.7             -51.3

         Total                                      3,483,728            100.0        3,396,051            100.0               2.6



         By business line:


                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                           2024                               2023                    Growth rate
                                                    RMB’000                 %         RMB’000                 %                 %


         Property management
           and operational services                 3,172,442             91.1        2,946,418             86.8               7.7
         Community living services                   213,119               6.1         246,196               7.2             -13.4
         Value-added services to
           non-property owners                        98,167               2.8         203,437               6.0             -51.7

         Total                                      3,483,728            100.0        3,396,051            100.0               2.6



         Revenue from property management and operational services recorded an increase of approximately 7.7% as compared
         to the same period of last year attributable to an increase in GFA under management. As for value-added services to non-
         property owners, revenue from value-added services to non-property owners for the six months ended 30 June 2024 recorded
         a sharp decline as there was no significant improvement in the real estate industry and the Group continuously adjusted the
         business based on the principle of marketization. As for community living services, revenue from property agency services
         has decreased year-on-year due to the impact of the real estate industry environment. However, the Group has proactively
         adjusted its business layout by scaling back the development of certain non-core products since the second half of 2023,
         leading to a decrease in revenue from the segment during the Period.


8   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Property management and operational services


For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s revenue from property management and operational services was
approximately RMB3,172.4 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB226.0 million (approximately 7.7%)
as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2023, which was mainly attributable to the increase in GFA
under management that is in line with the Group’s business expansion. In particular, the revenue from the development of
properties by Sunac Group, its joint ventures and associates1 amounted to approximately RMB2,285.3 million, accounting
for approximately 72.0%, and revenue from the development of properties by independent third-party property developers2
amounted to approximately RMB887.2 million, accounting for approximately 28.0%.


As at 30 June 2024, the GFA under management was approximately 282 million sq.m., with approximately 88.0% of
residential properties and approximately 12.0% of non-residential properties.


The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s revenue from property management and operational services by
type of projects:

                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                                       2023
                                                                          RMB’000                     %              RMB’000                  %


Residential properties                                                   2,612,069                  82.3            2,311,568              78.5
Non-residential properties                                                 560,373                  17.7              634,850              21.5

Total                                                                    3,172,442                 100.0            2,946,418             100.0



Community living services


For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s revenue from community living services was approximately RMB213.1
million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB33.1 million (approximately 13.4%) as compared with approximately
RMB246.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.




   Notes:

   1:       Including properties developed independently by Sunac China Holdings Limited (“Sunac China”) and its subsidiaries, excluding the Group
            (“Sunac Group”), and jointly with other property developers.

   2:       Including properties other than those developed independently by Sunac Group or jointly with other property developers.



                                                                                     SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report             9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s revenue from community living services for the periods
          indicated:

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024                               2023
                                                                      RMB’000                 %          RMB’000                  %


          Convenience services                                         103,750              48.7          110,574               44.9
          Space operational services                                    58,244              27.3           74,072               30.1
          Property interior decoration services                         30,012              14.1           29,649               12.0
          Property agency services                                      21,113               9.9           31,901               13.0

          Total                                                        213,119            100.0           246,196             100.0



          Convenience services mainly include house cleaning, home appliance cleaning, home repair and maintenance, community
          product sales and the clearance of renovation waste, etc. Revenue from convenience services for the six months ended 30
          June 2024 was approximately RMB103.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB6.8 million as compared with
          that for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The decrease in revenue from convenience services was mainly attributable to
          a decrease in revenue from the clearance of renovation waste for homeowners as a result of decreased project deliveries.
          Despite the decline in revenue, benefiting from the improved operational efficiency and optimisation of supply chain
          management brought by the Group’s focus on core cities and core products, the gross profit for convenience services has
          increased by RMB23.4 million compared to the same period last year.


          Revenue from space operational services was approximately RMB58.2 million, representing a decrease of approximately
          RMB15.8 million as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2023, which was mainly attributable to the Group’s
          active adjustment of certain non-core businesses during the Period.


          Revenue from property agency services was approximately RMB21.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately
          RMB10.8 million as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2023. As affected by the market environment, the
          transaction volume of commercial housing decreased significantly as compared to the same period of last year, resulting in a
          significant decline in revenue from such business.


          Value-added services to non-property owners


          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s revenue from value-added services to non-property owners amounted
          to approximately RMB98.2 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB105.2 million (approximately 51.7%) as
          compared with approximately RMB203.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. It was mainly due to the fact that
          the Group proactively managed and adjusted each of the value-added services to non-property owners businesses based
          on the principle of marketization, leading to a decrease in the Group’s revenue from value-added services to non-property
          owners.




10   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s revenue from value-added services to non-property owners for
     the periods indicated:


                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                                  2023
                                                                   RMB’000                   %          RMB’000                    %


     Sales assistance services                                       39,503                40.2          117,329                57.7
     Pre-delivery services                                           34,245                34.9            43,297               21.3
     Others                                                          24,419                24.9            42,811               21.0

     Total                                                           98,167              100.0           203,437               100.0



2.   COST OF SALES

     The Group’s cost of sales refers to the costs directly related to the provision of services, including (i) staff cost, mainly
     related to on-site staff providing property management and operational services at properties under management; (ii)
     security, maintenance, cleaning and greening costs in connection with sub-contracting services; (iii) utilities cost; (iv) cost of
     consumable materials; (v) depreciation and amortisation; (vi) office, travelling and communication cost; and (vii) other cost
     such as community activity cost.


     The Group’s cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB2,595.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB46.8 million (approximately 1.8%) as compared with approximately
     RMB2,548.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.


3.   GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

     The Group’s gross profit amounted to approximately RMB888.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB40.9 million (approximately 4.8%) as compared with approximately RMB847.5 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The Group’s gross profit margin for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was
     approximately 25.5%, representing an increase of approximately 0.5 percentage point from 25.0% for the six months ended
     30 June 2023.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report         11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          The following table sets forth the details of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by business lines for the periods
          indicated:


                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024                                 2023
                                                                                       Gross Profit                         Gross Profit
                                                                    Gross Profit           Margin         Gross Profit          Margin
                                                                      RMB’000                   %           RMB’000                  %


          Property management and operational services                  756,600               23.8           728,818               24.7
          Community living services                                      94,478               44.3            86,679               35.2
          Value-added services to non-property owners                    37,346               38.0            32,009               15.7

          Total                                                         888,424               25.5           847,506               25.0



          The gross profit margin of community living services increased from approximately 35.2% for the six months ended 30
          June 2023 to approximately 44.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly
          attributable to the Group’s strategy of focusing on core cities and core products, which has led to deeper engagement in
          core cities, streamlined operations and improved efficiency, while also further reduced sales costs by optimising supply chain
          management.


     4.   ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB294.5 million,
          representing a decrease of approximately RMB20.9 million from approximately RMB315.4 million for the six months ended
          30 June 2023. The decrease in administrative expenses was mainly attributable to the Group’s integrated management and
          improved management structure while developing its businesses, also enhanced the return on investment by controlling the
          efficiency of marketing expenditure.


     5.   SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s selling and marketing expenses amounted to approximately RMB25.9
          million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB12.1 million from approximately RMB38.0 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2023, which was mainly attributable to the Group’s integrated management and improved deployment of
          employees to manage marketing expenses efficiency and enhance the input-output ratios.




12   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


6.   NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets amounted to approximately
     RMB1,136.6 million, in which, the net impairment losses on financial assets from related parties amounted to approximately
     RMB953.5 million, including net impairment loss on trade receivables from related parties of approximately RMB730.4
     million and net impairment loss on other receivables from related parties of approximately RMB223.1 million; while the net
     impairment losses on financial assets from third parties amounted to approximately RMB183.1 million. During the Period, in
     light of continued downward movement of market conditions in the real estate industry which resulted in less-than-expected
     repayments from related parties and the decline in the value of collateral pledged for repayment of amounts due from related
     parties, the Group further made impairment provisions on trade and other receivables from related parties for the sake of
     prudence. As a result of the overall economic environment and the low occupancy rate of the newly delivered projects, the
     pace of collections for Group’s trade and other receivables from third parties has slowed and hence an increase in the provision
     for impairment. For the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Group’s net impairment losses on financial assets amounted to
     approximately RMB38.4 million.


7.   FINANCE INCOME, NET


     The Group’s finance income mainly represents the interest income on bank deposits, and finance costs mainly represent the
     Group’s interest of lease liabilities charged to profit or loss over the lease period under certain of its lease arrangements.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s net finance income amounted to approximately RMB23.5 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately RMB14.3 million from approximately RMB37.8 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2023. The change was mainly due to decrease in cash balance and lower interest rate for bank deposits comparing to the
     same period last year, resulting in the decrease in interest income on the Group’s deposits by approximately RMB15.3 million as
     compared to the same period last year.


8.   NET LOSS


     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s net loss amounted to approximately RMB460.4 million, in which, the loss
     attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB472.2 million, which was mainly due to the fact that the
     Group further made impairment provisions on trade and other receivables from related parties for the sake of prudence during
     the Period. For the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Group’s net profit amounted to approximately RMB364.9 million, and
     the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB339.9 million.




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report      13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     9.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES


          Trade and other receivables include trade receivables and other receivables.


          As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s net trade and other receivables (including current and non-current) were approximately
          RMB3,821.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB496.2 million as compared with approximately
          RMB4,317.6 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s gross trade receivables by
          approximately RMB569.9 million as compared to the end of the last year and the increase in impairment provision on trade
          and other receivables by approximately RMB1,091.8 million as compared to the end of the last year. The increase in gross
          trade receivables was mainly due to the revenue from property management and operational services being mostly collected
          in the second half of the year and the slowdown in the rate of repayment from third-party property owners as a result of
          the payment habits of third-party property owners for property management and operational services of the Group. The
          increase in impairment provisions was mainly due to the fact that the Group further made impairment provisions on trade
          and other receivables from related parties for the sake of prudence. The Group continued to accelerate the collection of trade
          receivables from related parties. As at 30 June 2024, the total trade receivables from related parties of the Group amounted
          to approximately RMB3,317.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB99.2 million as compared with that of
          approximately RMB3,416.8 million as at 31 December 2023. The net amount of trade receivables from related parties after
          provision was approximately RMB650.4 million, of which approximately RMB461.2 million was secured by certain assets held
          by related parties and approximately RMB189.2 million was unsecured.


     10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES


          Trade and other payables include trade payables, temporary receipt on behalf, deposits payables, consideration payable arising
          from non-controlling shareholder’s put option, payroll and welfare payables, etc.


          As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s trade and other payables were approximately RMB2,858.6 million, representing a decrease
          of approximately RMB178.3 million from approximately RMB3,036.9 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due
          to the decrease in trade payables to third parties, payroll payable and accruals.




14   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


11. AVAILABLE FUNDS, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


    As at 30 June 2024, the total amount of available funds (including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, bank deposits
    with the maturity over three months and wealth management products) of the Group was approximately RMB3,380.4 million,
    representing a decrease of approximately RMB1,055.2 million from approximately RMB4,435.6 million as at 31 December
    2023, which was mainly due to the net cash outflows from the payment of dividends during the Period and operating
    activities. As at 30 June 2024, all of the Group’s wealth management products were products at low risk, all being either
    demand deposits or maturing within three months after 30 June 2024.


    As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s net current assets (current assets less current liabilities) amounted to approximately
    RMB2,295.7 million (as at 31 December 2023: approximately RMB3,499.4 million). The Group’s current ratio (calculated by
    dividing current assets by current liabilities) was approximately 1.5 times (as at 31 December 2023: approximately 1.7 times).


    As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no loans or borrowings (as at 31 December 2023: Nil). The gearing ratio (as calculated by
    dividing total borrowings less lease liabilities by total equity as at the date indicated and multiplied by 100%) as at 30 June
    2024 was nil (as at 31 December 2023: Nil).


    The Group meets and expects to continue meeting its operating capital, capital expenditure and other capital needs with cash
    generated from operations and proceeds from the Company’s listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


12. INTEREST RATE RISK


    As the Group has no material interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating cash flows are
    substantially independent from changes in market interest rates.


13. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

    The Group’s operating activities are principally conducted in the PRC and most of its operations are denominated in RMB.
    The Group will closely monitor the fluctuations of the RMB exchange rate and give prudent consideration as to entering into
    currency swap arrangement as and when appropriate for hedging corresponding risks. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no
    significant foreign exchange risk and had not engaged in hedging activities for managing foreign exchange risk.


14. PLEDGE OF ASSETS

    As at 30 June 2024, none of the assets of the Group were pledged (as at 31 December 2023: Nil).


15. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

    As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2023: Nil).




                                                                           SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report        15
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as its own code on corporate governance and
     had complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company recognises and appreciates the importance and benefits
     of good corporate governance practices and has adopted corporate governance and disclosure practices for achieving a higher
     standard of transparency and accountability. The Board members will have regular discussions about the performance and business
     strategies of the Group. They, together with the relevant senior executives of the Company, have also attended training on the
     Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Company has established an internal reporting practice within the Group in
     order to monitor the operation and business development of the Group.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained
     in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the guidelines for the Directors’ dealings in the securities of the Company. Following specific
     enquiries of all the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standards as set out in the Model
     Code in relation to their securities dealings (if any) during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     CHANGE IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

     Mr. Yao Ning resigned as an independent director of Shanghai Yahong Moulding Co., Ltd. (上海亞虹模具股份有限公司, a company
     listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 603159) on 26 February 2024, and was appointed as an independent director
     of State Power Rixin Technology Co., Ltd. (國能日新科技股份有限公司, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock
     code: 301162) on 6 May 2024.


     Save as disclosed in this report, there is no information regarding the Directors subject to disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of
     the Listing Rules since the publication of the 2023 annual report of the Company.


     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     References are made to the prospectus of the Company dated 9 November 2020 and the announcement of the Company dated 11
     June 2021. Sunac Shine (PTC) Limited (“Sunac Shine”) has adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) on 11 June
     2021 and has been appointed as the trustee of the Sunac Services Share Award Scheme Trust for the purpose of the Share Award
     Scheme. The principal terms and conditions of the Share Award Scheme are summarized as follows:


     (I)   PURPOSE OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME

           The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to (i) recognize the contributions to the Group by certain Eligible Persons
           (as defined below) and to give incentives in order to motivate certain Eligible Persons for the continuing development of
           the Group; and (ii) to align the interest of certain Eligible Persons with those of the shareholders of the Company (the
           “Shareholders”) by providing them with the opportunity to own equity interests of the Company.




16   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(II)   DURATION OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME

       Subject to any termination of the Share Award Scheme as determined by Sunac Shine, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid
       and effective for ten years commencing on the date of the first grant of any award (each an “Award”) of the ordinary shares
       of the Company (the “Shares”) to a selected participant under the Share Award Scheme. The Share Award Scheme has a
       remaining validity of approximately 7 years.


(III) PARTICIPANTS OF THE SHARE AWARD SCHEME AND BASIS FOR DETERMINING THE ELIGIBILITY OF THE
      SELECTED PARTICIPANTS

       Persons eligible to be awarded Shares under the Share Award Scheme include, without limitation, the key management of the
       Group such as directors, senior management and employees of the Group and other persons who made special contribution
       to the Group (each such person, an “Eligible Person”).


       The advisory committee (the “Advisory Committee”) as appointed by Sunac Shine from time to time with the power and
       authority to administer and distribute Shares under the Share Award Scheme may, from time to time and at its sole discretion,
       select the Eligible Person(s) to be granted the Award(s) (the “Selected Participant(s)”) and determine the number of Shares
       to be awarded (the “Awarded Shares”), the vesting conditions (if any) and the vesting schedule of the Awarded Shares. The
       Selected Participant may accept the offer of the grant of the Awarded Shares in such manner as set out in the offer letter to
       be issued by the Advisory Committee to such Selected Participant in respect of the Award.


(IV) MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SHARES THAT CAN BE AWARDED

       The maximum number of Shares that may be granted as Awards under the Share Award Scheme to the Eligible Persons
       shall be the number of Shares held or to be held by Sunac Shine on trust for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme from
       time to time. As at 30 June 2024, Sunac Shine held 419,340,750 Shares on trust for the Share Award Scheme, representing
       approximately 13.72% of the issued Shares.


(V) GRANT AND ACCEPTANCE OF AWARDS

       An offer letter setting out, among others, the number, vesting conditions (if any) and vesting schedule of the Awarded Shares
       to be granted will be issued by the Advisory Committee to each Selected Participant. The Selected Participant may accept
       the offer of the grant of the Awarded Shares in such manner as set out in the offer letter. Upon acceptance, the Selected
       Participant becomes a participant in the Share Award Scheme (the “Participant”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the
       Participant shall be entitled to receive the Awarded Shares held by Sunac Shine upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions set
       out in the offer letter. After satisfaction of the vesting conditions, Sunac Shine shall transfer the relevant Awarded Shares to
       the relevant Participant.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report         17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (VI) RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

          (i)     Voting Rights


                  A Participant may not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Awarded Shares held on trust by Sunac Shine for the
                  Participant before the vesting of such Awarded Shares to the Participant. For the period from the date of vesting of
                  such Awarded Shares to the Participant until the date on which (a) such Participant has sold all of such Awarded Shares
                  granted; or (b) such Participant no longer works in the Company or any subsidiary or related company of the Company
                  (whichever is earlier) (both dates inclusive), such Participant shall irrevocably entrust Sunac Shine to exercise the voting
                  rights of such Awarded Shares in which such Participant has interest.


                  Sunac Shine shall exercise its voting rights on the Shares which are held by it as trustee, including Shares which are
                  not yet awarded to any Participants and Shares which are awarded but not yet vested and transferred to the relevant
                  Participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme according to any instructions or recommendations
                  from Sunac China.


          (ii)    Entitlement of the Related Distribution


                  The Participant shall not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions declared and made in respect of any
                  Shares held under the trust (the “Related Distribution”) derived from the relevant Awarded Shares unless and until such
                  Awarded Shares are vested to the Participant in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme.


                  Any Related Distribution declared and made in respect of any Shares held by Sunac Shine on trust (including Shares
                  which are not yet awarded to any Participants and Shares which are awarded but not yet vested to the relevant
                  Participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme) shall be treated and dealt with in such manner as
                  the Advisory Committee may in its sole and absolute discretion determine.


          (iii)   Rights Attached to the Awarded Shares


                  Any Awarded Shares transferred to a Participant under the Share Award Scheme will be subject to the provisions of
                  the articles of association of the Company and will rank pari passu with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of
                  the transfer or, if that date falls on a day on which the register of members of the Company is closed, the first day of
                  the reopening of the register of members. Accordingly, the relevant Participant will be entitled to all dividends or other
                  distributions declared or made on or after the date of the transfer or, if that date falls on a day when the register of
                  members of the Company is closed, the first day of the reopening of the register of members.




18   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(iv)   No Assignment


       The Awarded Shares granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme are personal in nature. The Participants shall not sell,
       transfer, assign, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to
       the Awarded Shares, or any interest or benefits therein, before Sunac Shine transfers the relevant Awarded Shares to the
       Participants.


(v)    Unvested Awarded Shares


       An Award will lapse and will be canceled by the Advisory Committee if the Participant fails to satisfy the relevant vesting
       conditions. Any Award of which the Awarded Shares are not yet vested will also automatically lapse and be canceled by
       the Advisory Committee immediately where:


       (a)   in the absolute opinion of the Advisory Committee, the Participant is not qualified for his/her position, does not
             perform his/her work as required by Sunac China and its subsidiaries (the “Sunac China Group”), or commits any
             illegal act, or otherwise has done anything which, in the conclusive opinion of the Advisory Committee, adversely
             affects his/her ability to perform his/her duties properly;


       (b)   the Participant has resigned or is no longer an employee of the Sunac China Group due to the expiry of his/her
             employment contract;


       (c)   the Participant has been convicted for any criminal offence involving his/her integrity or honesty;


       (d)   the Participant commits serious misconduct and is punishable or subject to dismissal with immediate effect by the
             relevant member(s) of the Sunac China Group in accordance with the relevant employees’ manual or the relevant
             laws and regulations; or


       (e)   the Advisory Committee exercises its reserved right to cancel any Award due to other reasons or other relevant
             provisions of the Share Award Scheme.


       If any Awarded Shares are unvested prior to the Participant’s death, incapacitation or retirement and none of the
       aforementioned events has occurred in relation to such Participant which would cause the Award to lapse or to be
       canceled, unless the Advisory Committee shall at its sole discretion determine otherwise, such unvested Awarded Shares
       will be deemed to be vested on the day immediately prior to his/her death, incapacitation, or retirement.


(vi)   Restrictions


       No Award shall be made to any Selected Participants where any Director or any member of the Advisory Committee is
       in possession of inside information (as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
       Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) in relation to the Company or the Directors are prohibited from dealing in Shares pursuant to
       the applicable requirements under the Listing Rules or applicable laws.




                                                                           SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report       19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     On 29 May 2024, 12,200,000 Shares had been awarded under the Share Award Scheme to the selected eligible participants, of
     which 4,000,000 Shares had been awarded to the Directors, and 8,200,000 Shares had been awarded to other eligible participants.
     Particulars of the outstanding share awards under the Share Award Scheme and their movements during the six months ended 30
     June 2024 were as follows:


                                                                            Number of                                              Number of
                                                                             unvested                                               unvested
                                    Awarded on     Awarded      Awarded    Shares as at     Awarded        Vested       Lapsed    Shares as at
                                   24 September   on 8 June   on 31 May      1 January        during       during       during        30 June
     Selected Participants                2021        2022         2023          2024      the Period   the Period   the Period         2024


     Directors of the Company
     Wang Mengde                       900,000           –             –      225,000              –     225,000             –              –
     Cao Hongling                     1,100,000   1,100,000    2,200,000    3,300,000      3,000,000     275,000             –     6,025,000
     Yang Man                          450,000     348,000      689,000       803,250      1,000,000     571,750             –     1,231,500
     Lu Peng                           100,000           –             –       25,000              –       25,000            –              –
     Gao Xi                            250,000           –             –       62,500              –            –            –        62,500

     Sub-total                        2,800,000   1,448,000    2,889,000    4,415,750      4,000,000    1,096,750            –     7,319,000
     Other eligible participants    10,275,000    6,536,000   10,983,000   12,546,000      8,200,000    6,931,500     686,000     13,128,500

     Total                          13,075,000    7,984,000   13,872,000   16,961,750     12,200,000    8,028,250     686,000     20,447,500




20   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO,
Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code
contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, are set out below:


(I)    INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                               Number of        interest in the
       Name of Director                                         Nature of interest                            Shares held       Company (Note)


       Mr. Wang Mengde                                          Beneficial owner                               2,157,734               0.07%
       Ms. Cao Hongling                                         Beneficial owner                               2,230,563               0.07%
       Ms. Yang Man                                             Beneficial owner                               1,354,187               0.04%
       Mr. Lu Peng                                              Beneficial owner                                  95,814              0.003%
       Mr. Gao Xi                                               Beneficial owner                                 855,500               0.03%
       Ms. Wang Lihong                                          Beneficial owner                                 197,886              0.006%


       Note: Calculated on the basis of 3,056,844,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


(II)   INTERESTS IN UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                      Number of unvested         Approximate
                                                                                                          Shares awarded        percentage of
                                                                                                          under the Share       interest in the
       Name of Director                                         Nature of interest                         Award Scheme         Company (Note)


       Ms. Cao Hongling                                         Beneficial owner                               6,025,000               0.20%
       Ms. Yang Man                                             Beneficial owner                               1,231,500               0.04%
       Mr. Gao Xi                                               Beneficial owner                                  62,500              0.002%


       Note: Calculated on the basis of 3,056,844,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.




                                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report   21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (III) INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY’S ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                            Name of associated                                                      Number of     percentage of
          Name of Director                  corporation                    Nature of interest              ordinary shares held    interest (Note)


          Mr. Wang Mengde                   Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                         17,177,000           0.20%
          Ms. Cao Hongling                  Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                          2,693,500           0.03%
          Ms. Yang Man                      Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            13,008         0.0002%
          Mr. Lu Peng                       Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                           241,199          0.003%
          Mr. Gao Xi                        Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                           228,000          0.003%
          Ms. Wang Lihong                   Sunac China                    Beneficial Owner                            30,000         0.0003%


          Note: Calculated on the basis of 8,620,471,579 Sunac China ordinary shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


     (IV) INTERESTS IN UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY’S ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (LONG POSITION)

                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                      unvested
                                                                                                                shares awarded    Approximate
                                            Name of associated                                                 under the Share    percentage of
          Name of Director                  corporation                    Nature of interest                   Award Scheme       interest (Note)


          Mr. Wang Mengde                   Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                          1,860,000           0.02%
          Ms. Cao Hongling                  Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                           625,000          0.007%
          Ms. Yang Man                      Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                            38,500         0.0004%
          Mr. Lu Peng                       Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                           790,000          0.009%
          Mr. Gao Xi                        Sunac China                    Beneficial owner                           712,000          0.008%


          Note: Calculated on the basis of 8,620,471,579 Sunac China ordinary shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


          As at 30 June 2024, save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests
          or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
          meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section
          352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




22   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS (LONG POSITION)

To the knowledge of the Company, as at 30 June 2024, the following persons, other than the Directors or chief executives of the
Company, had an interest of 5% or more in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                                       Number of            interest in
Name of Shareholder                                          Nature of interest/Capacity                             Shares held
                                                                                                                               (1)
                                                                                                                                      the Company(2)


Sunac China(3)                                               Interest of controlled corporation             1,509,985,266 (L)                 49.40%
Sunac Services Investment Limited(3)                         Beneficial owner                               1,090,644,516 (L)                 35.68%
Sunac Shine(3)                                               Trustee                                          419,340,750 (L)                 13.72%


Notes:


(1)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.


(2)      Calculated on the basis of 3,056,844,000 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


(3)      Sunac Services Investment Limited is wholly-owned by Sunac China. Sunac Shine is wholly-owned by Sunac China and acts as the trustee of the Sunac
         Services Share Award Scheme Trust which is set up for the purpose of a share award scheme adopted on 11 June 2021. By virtue of the SFO, Sunac
         China is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Sunac Services Investment Limited and Sunac Shine.


Save as disclosed in this report, the Directors are not aware of any person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report              23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group held financial assets (including current and non-current) at fair value through profit or loss
     of approximately RMB1,338 million, which mainly represents equity investments in an unlisted company and certain wealth
     management products with low-risk, and no single investment accounts for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets.


     Save as disclosed in this report, there were no other significant investments held, material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
     associates or joint ventures during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

     As stated in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 9 November 2020,
     and the announcements of the Company dated 13 December 2020, 8 November 2021 and 29 August 2022, the Company intends
     to utilise the net proceeds raised from the listing of the Shares (the “Listing”), among other things, to pursue selective strategic
     investment and acquisition opportunities with companies engaged in property management and/or community operations.


     Save as disclosed in this report, there were no other plans authorised by the Board for material investments or additions of capital
     assets as at 30 June 2024.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND

     The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months
     ended 30 June 2023: Nil).


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

     As at 30 June 2024, there is no treasury shares held by the Company.


     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including
     sale of treasury shares) during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     After the reporting period and as at the date of this report, there was no other significant event that had an effect on the Group.




24   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 30 June 2024, the Group had 26,839 (as at 31 December 2023: 26,795) employees. For the six months ended 30 June 2024,
the staff cost of the Group was approximately RMB1.35 billion (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB1.35
billion). The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by reference to factors such as remuneration standard of the local
market, the overall remuneration standard in the industry, inflation level, corporate operating efficiency and employee performance.
The Board will review the remuneration policy from time to time. The Group conducts annual performance appraisals for its
employees, the results of which are applied in annual salary and promotional assessment. Social insurance is paid by the Group for
its employees in mainland China in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.


The Group regularly hosts comprehensive internal staff training programmes for its employees to improve and enhance their
technical and service skills, as well as to provide them with the knowledge of industry quality standards and work place safety
standards. Orientation trainings are provided to new hires, introducing them to the Group’s corporate culture, coaching them on
the Group’s teamwork model, and teaching them service standards and procedures. The Group also assigns experienced managers
to serve as mentors to newly-hired employees, who provide tailored coaching and guidance. Training courses and regular seminars
on various aspects of its business operations, such as quality control and customer relationship management, are provided to
the Group’s employees. In addition, the Group has established occupational safety and sanitation systems, implemented the
ISO45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, and provided employees with workplace safety trainings on
a regular basis to increase their awareness of work safety issues.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The Company has adopted the second amended and restated memorandum of association and the third amended and
restated articles of association after the approval at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 21 May 2024 to
replace the existing memorandum of association and articles of association of the Company. The latest version of the second
amended and restated memorandum of association and the third amended and restated articles of association of the Company
is available for inspection at the website of the Company (www.sunacservice.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk).


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 19 November 2020 by way of global offering, 690,000,000
Shares were issued, and a total of 793,500,000 Shares were issued after the over-allotment options were fully exercised, raising net
proceeds (after deducting underwriting commissions and other related listing expenses) of approximately HK$9,042 million in total.




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report        25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 8 November 2021 and 29 August 2022, the Board resolved to change
     the use of the unutilised net proceeds from the Listing. On 8 November 2021, the Board resolved to change the proposed use of
     the net proceeds from the Listing to allocate more net proceeds to acquisition opportunities with companies engaged in property
     management and related services and community operations. On 29 August 2022, the Board resolved to change the proposed
     use of the unutilised net proceeds from the Listing to allocate part of the net proceeds to technology, community living services
     business, working capital and other uses in view of the change in the current property management industry and limited quality
     merger and acquisition targets with appropriate values and to improve the utilisation efficiency of capital, and enhance the
     endogenous development ability of the Group. Further details of the breakdown and description of the net proceeds are set out in
     the announcements of the Company dated 8 November 2021 and 29 August 2022.


     Up to 30 June 2024, the net proceeds from the Listing which were utilised according to the plan previously disclosed were set out
     below:


                                                 Revised allocation of the         Unutilised amount    Actual amount             Unutilised
                                               net proceeds as set out in the         of net proceeds   of net proceeds    amount of net        Expected timeline
                                                   announcement dated                           as at   utilised during    proceeds as at       of full utilisation
     Use of net proceeds                             29 August 2022                31 December 2023          the Period     30 June 2024        of the balance (Note)
                                                                  (Approximate
                                               (HK$ million)        percentage)         (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)         (HK$ million)


     (a) Strategic investment and                     5,404                  60%               1,838                 0                 1,838    On or before 31
         acquisition opportunities                                                                                                                 December 2026
         with companies engaged in
         property management and/or
         community operations


     (b) Upgrading the Group’s systems                  768                  9%                  415                34                   381    On or before 31
         for smart management services                                                                                                             December 2026
         and for the development of the
         smart communities


     (c) Further developing the                       1,480                  16%                 431               140                   291    On or before 31
         community value-added                                                                                                                     December 2026
         services of the Group


     (d) Working capital and general                  1,390                  15%                   0                 0                     0    Not applicable
         corporate purposes

     Total                                            9,042               100%                 2,684               174                 2,510


     Note: The expected timeline of full utilisation of the balance is set based on the best estimation of the Company taking into account, among other factors,
             prevailing and future market conditions and business developments and needs, and therefore is subject to change.


     As at the date of this report, the Directors were not aware of any material change to the planned use of the proceeds.




26   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF THE INTERIM RESULTS

The Company has established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in compliance with
the Listing Rules and the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee currently consists of three
independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Yao Ning, Ms. Wang Lihong and Mr. Zhao Zhonghua, and is chaired by Mr. Yao
Ning who possesses the qualification of professional accountant. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board
to fulfill the functions of reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting procedure, internal control and risk management systems
of the Company, to review the corporate governance policies and implementation of the Group and to perform other duties and
responsibilities as assigned by the Board.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and discussed matters
concerning the audit, internal control and risk management systems and financial reporting, including reviewing the Group’s
unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


The Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been reviewed by the Company’s independent
auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.


                                                                                                   Sunac Services Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                    Wang Mengde
                                                                                                            Chairman of the Board


                                                                                                       Hong Kong, 26 August 2024




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report        27
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




     To the Board of Directors of Sunac Services Holdings Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Introduction

     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 29 to 62, which comprises the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of financial position of Sunac Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as
     at 30 June 2024 and the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and the interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then
     ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
     and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information
     in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to
     report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
     do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     Scope of Review

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial
     Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
     A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
     matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
     become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     Conclusion

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information of the Group
     is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.



     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants


     Hong Kong, 26 August 2024




28   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                               INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       Note                2024             2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


Revenue                                                                                  7            3,483,728         3,396,051
Cost of sales                                                                            8            (2,595,304)      (2,548,545)

Gross profit                                                                                            888,424          847,506

Administrative expenses                                                                  8             (294,473)         (315,406)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                           8               (25,936)         (37,974)
Impairment of intangible assets                                                                             (294)               –
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                8            (1,136,572)         (38,385)
Other income                                                                             9               14,028            33,963
Other losses – net                                                                      10             (111,329)          (57,028)

Operating (loss)/profit                                                                                (666,152)         432,676


Finance income                                                                                           26,742            41,224
Finance costs                                                                                             (3,225)          (3,421)

Finance income – net                                                                    11               23,517            37,803
Share of post-tax (loss)/profits of associates and joint ventures accounted
  for using the equity method, net                                                      17                (2,846)           3,115

(Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                        (645,481)         473,594


Income tax credits/(expense)                                                            12              185,129          (108,674)

(Loss)/profit for the period                                                                           (460,352)         364,920

Other comprehensive income for the period                                                                      –                –

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                                                       (460,352)         364,920

Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                              (472,234)         339,925
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                            11,882            24,995

                                                                                                       (460,352)         364,920

(Loss)/earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share) (unaudited)
  – Basic (loss)/earnings per share                                                     13                 (0.15)            0.11
  – Diluted (loss)/earnings per share                                                   13                 (0.15)            0.11



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.



                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report     29
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2024


                                                                       30 June    31 December
                                                             Note         2024           2023
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Audited)


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                           14         93,791        100,439
     Right-of-use assets                                     15         64,143         64,390
     Investment properties                                              45,559         36,427
     Intangible assets                                       16      1,559,993      1,601,256
     Deferred tax assets                                     25        926,842        648,470
     Investments accounted for using the equity method       17         53,476         56,683
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   21        177,735        294,962
     Other receivables                                       18        227,374         50,758
     Prepayments                                             19          2,989          3,375
     Bank deposits with the maturity over one year           20              –         50,000

                                                                     3,151,902      2,906,760

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                        50,998         54,540
     Trade and other receivables                             18      3,594,064      4,266,886
     Prepayments                                             19         81,979         31,076
     Cash and cash equivalents                               20      2,180,527      3,979,504
     Restricted cash                                                    17,365         52,682
     Bank deposits with the maturity over three months       20         22,099         76,003
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   21      1,160,394        277,378
     Other current assets                                                3,914              –

                                                                     7,111,340      8,738,069

     Total assets                                                   10,263,242     11,644,829

     EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
     Equity attributable to the owners of the Company
     Share capital                                           22         25,645         25,645
     Reserves                                                23      5,290,477      5,707,086
     (Accumulated losses)/retained earnings                           (169,941)       302,293

                                                                     5,146,181      6,035,024
     Non-controlling interests                                         148,721        202,482

     Total equity                                                    5,294,902      6,237,506




30   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                               INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                             As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                   Note               2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)          (Audited)


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                   15             104,349           100,003
Deferred tax liabilities                                                            25              48,328             68,610

                                                                                                   152,677           168,613

Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                   15              21,799             18,432
Trade and other payables                                                            24           2,858,612          3,036,874
Contract liabilities                                                                 7           1,602,406          1,816,461
Current income tax liabilities                                                                     332,846           366,943

                                                                                                 4,815,663          5,238,710

Total liabilities                                                                                4,968,340          5,407,323

Total equity and liabilities                                                                    10,263,242        11,644,829



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.


The condensed consolidated interim financial information on pages 29 to 62 was approved by the Board of Directors on 26 August
2024 and was signed on its behalf.




Cao Hongling                                                  Yang Man
Director                                                      Director




                                                                         SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report      31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                              Unaudited

                                                            Attributable to the owners of the Company

                                                                                   (Accumulated                             Non-
                                                        Share                     losses)/retained                     controlling       Total
                                                       capital        Reserves           earnings          Subtotal      interests      Equity
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


     Balance at 1 January 2024                        25,645         5,707,086           302,293          6,035,024      202,482     6,237,506


     Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the period ended 30 June 2024                    –                –          (472,234)          (472,234)      11,882      (460,352)

     Transactions with owners,
       recognised directly in equity
     Dividends paid to the shareholders
       of the Company                                       –         (448,206)                 –          (448,206)            –     (448,206)
     Changes in non-controlling shareholders’
       put option                                           –           26,394                  –           26,394              –      26,394
     Share award scheme-value of employee services          –            5,203                  –             5,203             –        5,203
     Disposal of a subsidiary                               –                –                  –                 –          (298)        (298)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests            –                –                  –                 –       (65,345)     (65,345)

     Balance at 30 June 2024                          25,645         5,290,477          (169,941)         5,146,181      148,721     5,294,902




32   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                  INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                            CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                            Unaudited

                                                             Attributable to the owners of the Company

                                                                                                                           Non-
                                                         Share                         Retained                       controlling       Total
                                                         capital       Reserves         earnings          Subtotal      interests      Equity
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2023                               25,645        6,163,342       1,414,716          7,603,703      165,326     7,769,029


Total comprehensive income for
  the period ended 30 June 2023                               –               –         339,925           339,925        24,995      364,920

Transactions with owners,
  recognised directly in equity
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests          –               –                –                 –          120          120
Transaction with non-controlling interests                    –               –                –                 –        (1,283)      (1,283)
Share award scheme-value of employee services                 –          11,441                –           11,441              –      11,441
Dividends paid to the shareholders
  of the Company                                              –        (427,015)               –          (427,015)            –     (427,015)
Appropriation of statutory reserves                           –             405            (405)                 –             –            –

Balance at 30 June 2023                                 25,645        5,748,173       1,754,236          7,528,054      189,158     7,717,212



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                     SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report         33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         Note         2024            2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                                     (344,490)        132,966
     Income tax paid                                                                              (147,622)       (126,352)

     Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                       (492,112)          6,614

     Cash flows from investing activities
     Proceeds from settlement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       (“FVPL”)                                                                                  1,326,313         919,526
     Proceeds from settlement of bank deposits with the maturity over three months                 103,904                  –
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”)                                 1,192                  –
     Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture and an associate                                          –           3,470
     Payments for financial assets at FVPL                                                      (2,193,400)      (1,085,000)
     Payments for purchases of PPE and intangible assets                                           (24,689)         (75,663)
     Payments for bank deposits with the maturity over three months                                      –          (83,701)
     Interest received                                                                               5,236             742
     Principal elements of lease receivables                                                           531                 89
     Dividend received from a joint venture                                                            361                  –

     Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (780,552)       (320,537)




34   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                            INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                             CASH FLOWS
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   Note                2024             2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


Cash flows from financing activities
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                                        –              120
Payments for disposal of subsidiaries                                                                   (298)          (1,283)
Dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                                           (448,206)         (427,015)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                          (65,345)                 –
Interest paid                                                                                         (3,225)          (3,421)
Principal elements of lease payments                                                                 (11,234)         (12,899)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                              (528,308)         (444,498)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                         (1,800,972)        (758,421)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                              3,979,504         3,878,267
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                          1,995            3,330

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                       20           2,180,527         3,123,176



The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                         SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report      35
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     1    General information

          Sunac Services Holdings Limited (“the Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 10 January 2019 as an
          exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (Cap. 22, Act 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the
          Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office is One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9005,
          Cayman Islands.


          The Company is an investment company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
          provision of property management and operational services, community living services, value-added services to non-property
          owners in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


          The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


          The ultimate holding company of the Company is Sunac China Holdings Limited (the “Sunac China”), an exempted company
          incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


          These condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.


     2    Basis of presentation

          This condensed consolidated interim financial report for the half-year reporting period ended 30 June 2024 has been prepared
          in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim report does
          not include all the notes of the type normally included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, this report is to be read
          in conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023 and any public announcement made by the
          Company during the interim reporting period.




36   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


3   Accounting policy information

    The accounting policies adopted by the Group are consistent with those of the previous financial year and corresponding
    interim reporting period, except for the estimation of income tax and the adoption of new and amended standards as set out
    below.


    (A) NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE GROUP

         The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing on 1
         January 2024:


         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
             – Amendments to HKAS 1
         Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains
             a Repayment on Demand Clause – Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (Revised)
         Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to HKFRS 16
         Supplier Finance Arrangements – Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7

         The amendments listed above did not have any significant impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are
         not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.


    (B) NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS NOT YET ADOPTED BY THE GROUP

         Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 2024 interim
         reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards are not expected to have a material
         impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.


                                                                                                                   Effective for the
                                                                                                            financial year beginning
                                                                                                                         on or after


         Amendments to HKAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability                                                            1 January 2025
         Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 – Sale or contribution of assets between an investor                  To be determined
             and its associates or joint ventures




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report     37
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     4    Estimates

          The preparation of the interim financial information requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
          that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense.
          Actual results may differ from these estimates.


          In preparing this condensed consolidated interim financial information, the significant judgements and estimations made by
          management were the same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
          2023.


     5    Financial risk management

          5.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS

                  The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.


                  The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial risk management information
                  and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
                  financial statements as at 31 December 2023.


                  There have been no significant changes in the risk or in any risk management policies since 31 December 2023.


          5.2 CREDIT RISK

                  Impairment of financial assets


                  Trade receivables


                  For trade receivables from third parties, the ECL were estimated using a provision matrix based on the history ageing
                  profile of these receivables over a period of 5 years before 30 June 2024 or 1 January 2024 respectively and the
                  corresponding historical credit losses experience within this period.


                  For trade receivables from related parties, the calculation of ECL was based on the credit risk characteristics of counter
                  party referring to the public information of defaulted public-traded bonds and management best estimation or the credit
                  rating of comparable companies and relative probability of default, and an assessment of forward-looking information,
                  including general economic conditions.


                  The historical loss rates were adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors
                  affecting the ability of the customers to settle the trade receivables.




38   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5   Financial risk management (Continued)
    5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

        Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

        Trade receivables (Continued)

        On that basis, the loss allowance as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 was determined as follows for trade
        receivables:

                                                                              Ageing analysis
                                      Within 1 year   1–2 years   2–3 years       3–4 years        4–5 years   Over 5 years      Total
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

        Third parties
        At 30 June 2024
        Expected loss rate                     7%         31%         44%             69%              76%           100%          20%
        Gross carrying amount            1,966,412     654,835     364,839         107,422           34,052         34,075    3,161,635
        Loss allowance                     144,051     199,757     158,799          73,671           25,953         34,000      636,231

        At 31 December 2023
        Expected loss rate                     8%         28%         38%             50%              64%            81%          18%
        Gross carrying amount            1,563,145     573,084     241,031          57,381           26,285         31,571    2,492,497
        Loss allowance                     129,193     160,328      92,517          28,811           16,806         25,676      453,331

        Related parties
        At 30 June 2024
        Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                       –           –           –               –                –              –           –
        Gross carrying amount               72,995      19,676     178,054         184,530            5,765            235     461,255
        Loss allowance                           –           –           –               –                –              –           –

        Not Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                    83%         86%          94%            95%              91%            91%          93%
        Gross carrying amount              129,301      33,838    2,023,132        649,535           20,093            457    2,856,356
        Loss allowance                     107,089      29,027    1,896,417        615,990           18,265            414    2,667,202

        Gross carrying amount total        202,296      53,514    2,201,186        834,065           25,858            692    3,317,611
        Loss allowance total               107,089      29,027    1,896,417        615,990           18,265            414    2,667,202

        At 31 December 2023
        Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                       –           –           –               –                –              –           –
        Gross carrying amount              169,788      41,116     397,379          29,093              630            199     638,205
        Loss allowance                           –           –           –               –                –              –           –

        Not Guaranteed
        Expected loss rate                     3%         73%          74%            72%              65%               –         71%
        Gross carrying amount               83,759     796,701    1,789,395        108,470              285              –    2,778,610
        Loss allowance                       2,279     583,321    1,317,274         78,495              185              –    1,981,554

        Gross carrying amount total        253,547     837,817    2,186,774        137,563              915            199    3,416,815
        Loss allowance total                 2,279     583,321    1,317,274         78,495              185              –    1,981,554


        Accounts receivables from related parties are guaranteed by certain assets held by the fellow subsidiaries under Sunac
        China and associates and joint ventures of Sunac China (the “Sunac China Group”).

                                                                         SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report              39
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

               Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


               Other receivables (excluding amounts due from related parties)


               Other receivables (excluding amounts due from related parties) mainly included payments on behalf of property owners,
               lease receivables, deposits and others. Management considered these receivables to be low credit risk, when they have a
               low risk of default and the issuer has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. In
               calculating the ECL rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for other receivables, and adjusts for forward-looking
               macroeconomic data. On that basis, the loss allowance for other receivables (excluding amounts due from related
               parties) was limited to 12 months expected losses, which was RMB14.35 million as at 30 June 2024 (31 December
               2023: RMB14.18 million).


               Amounts due from related parties


               The Group entered into agency services agreements about sales of car park spaces with the Sunac China Group (the “Car
               Park Agency Agreements”).


               Amounts due from related parties mainly included deposits paid for Car Park Agency Agreements and others. As at 30
               June 2024, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate for amounts due from fellow subsidiaries and related
               companies were still at stage 3 given that the reasonable and supportive current and forwarding-looking information
               which indicate the financial assets was credit-impaired in credit risk.


               The loss allowance as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 was determined as follows for amounts due from related
               parties:


                                                                          Stage 1          Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


               Other receivables


               At 30 June 2024
               Expected loss rate                                                –               –              53%                53%
               Gross carrying amount                                             –               –           737,809           737,809

               Loss allowance                                                    –               –           390,751           390,751

               At 31 December 2023
               Expected loss rate                                                –               –              23%                23%
               Gross carrying amount                                             –               –           744,005           744,005

               Loss allowance                                                    –               –           167,661           167,661




40   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

        Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


        The loss allowances for trade and other receivables as at 30 June reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                              Third parties    Related parties              Total
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


        Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                        467,512          2,149,215         2,616,727
        Increase in loss allowance for trade receivables recognised
          in profit or loss during the period                                      182,900            730,414           913,314
        Increase in loss allowance for other receivables recognised
          in profit or loss during the period                                           168           223,090           223,258
        Receivables written off during the period through
          settlement of partial receivables                                               –           (44,766)           (44,766)

        Closing loss allowance at 30 June                                          650,580          3,057,953         3,708,533



                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                               Third parties   Related parties              Total
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


        Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                        158,146          1,618,931         1,777,077
        Increase/(decrease) in loss allowance for trade receivables
          recognised in profit or loss during the period                            77,334            (44,014)            33,320
        (Decrease)/increase in loss allowance for other receivables
          recognised in profit or loss during the period                             (1,211)            8,048              6,837
        Receivables written off during the period through
          settlement of partial receivables                                          (2,628)          (11,929)           (14,557)

        Closing loss allowance at 30 June                                          231,641          1,571,036         1,802,677



        Trade and other receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
        is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment
        plan with the Group. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement
        activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.


        Impairment losses on trade and other receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating profit.
        Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.




                                                                          SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report       41
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.2 CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)

               Impairment of financial assets (Continued)


               During the period, the following impairment losses or reversal were recognised in profit or loss in relation to impaired
               financial assets:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                    Third parties   Related parties             Total
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Impairment losses
               Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables                         182,900           730,414            913,314
               Movement in loss allowance for other receivables                              168          223,090            223,258

               Net impairment losses on financial assets                                183,068           953,504          1,136,572



                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                    Third parties   Related parties             Total
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Impairment losses
               Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables                          77,334            (44,014)           33,320
               Movement in loss allowance for other receivables                           (1,211)            8,048             6,837
               Reversal of previous written off                                           (1,772)                 –           (1,772)

               Net impairment losses on financial assets                                 74,351            (35,966)           38,385




42   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION

        This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair values of the
        financial instruments since the last annual financial report.

        (i)   Fair value hierarchy

              To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group classifies its
              financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level
              follows underneath the table.

              The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities measured and recognised at fair
              value at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 on a recurring basis:

              Recurring fair value measurements
              At 30 June 2024                              Note           Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Financial assets
              Financial assets at FVPL                      21                    –                –      1,338,129         1,338,129



              Recurring fair value measurements
              At 31 December 2023                          Note           Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

              Financial assets
              Financial assets at FVPL                      21                    –                –         572,340          572,340



              During the six months ended 30 June 2024, there were no transfers between different levels for recurring fair
              value measurements during the period.

              Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives, and
              equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price
              already incorporates the market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate such as rising interest
              rates and inflation, as well as changes due to ESG risk.

              Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-
              counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data
              and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
              are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

              Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included
              in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and wealth management products.

              The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 3 fair values.



                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report            43
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     5    Financial risk management (Continued)

          5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

               (ii)    Valuation techniques used to determine fair values


                       Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                       •       the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                       •       market approach, equity allocation model and option pricing method with observable and unobservable
                               inputs, including risk-free rate, expected volatility and etc.


                       As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group’s level 3 instruments included interest in an unlisted
                       company and wealth management products.


               (iii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)


                       The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the period ended 30 June 2024.


                                                                                                        Financial assets at FVPL
                                                                                                   Wealth        Interest in
                                                                                              management        an unlisted
                                                                                                  products        company               Total
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


                       Opening balance at 1 January 2024                                          277,378          294,962           572,340
                       Addition                                                                 2,193,400                  –       2,193,400
                       Disposal                                                                 (1,326,313)                –       (1,326,313)
                       Gains/(losses) recognised in other losses – net*                            15,929         (117,227)         (101,298)

                       Closing balance at 30 June 2024                                          1,160,394          177,735         1,338,129

                       *includes unrealised gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss
                           attributable to balances held at the end of the reporting period          7,004          (117,227)         (110,223)




44   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5   Financial risk management (Continued)

    5.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (CONTINUED)

        (iv)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value


               The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
               level 3 fair value measurements (see (ii) above for the valuation techniques adopted):


                                                                                                                               Range of significant
                                                       Fair value at                                                          unobservable inputs
                                                    30 June      31 December                            Significant
               Description                            2024                2023   Valuation method       unobservable inputs      2024                 2023
                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


               Interest in an unlisted company     177,735             294,962   Market approach,       Expected volatility     56.8%             56.0%
                                                                                    equity allocation        rate
                                                                                    model and option
                                                                                    pricing method


               Wealth management products         1,160,394            277,378   Net assets value       na                          na                  na



               Relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:


               •       The higher rate of expected volatility, the lower fair value.


        (v)    Valuation processes


               The management performs the valuation of financial instruments for financial reporting purposes. Unobservable
               inputs including expected volatility rate are assessed by the independent valuers based on current market
               assessments of the time value of money and the risk specific to the asset being valued.


        (vi)   Fair values of other financial instruments (unrecognised)


               The Group also has a number of financial instruments which are not measured at fair value in the balance sheet.
               For the majority of these instruments, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying amounts, since
               the interest receivable/payable is either close to current market rates or the instruments are short-term in nature.




                                                                                       SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report                   45
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     6    Segment information

          Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Makers
          (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment, has
          been identified as the executive directors of the Company.


          During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group is principally engaged in the provision of property management and
          operational services, community living services, value-added services to non-property owners in the PRC. Management
          reviews the operating results of the business by region in the PRC but these operating segments are aggregated into a single
          operating segment as the nature of services, the type of customers for services, the methods used to provide their services and
          the nature of regulatory environment are the same in different regions.


          The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC. Accordingly, all of the Group’s revenue was derived in
          the PRC during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


          As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, nearly 100% of the non-current assets of the Group were located in the PRC.


     7    Revenue of services

          Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management and operational services, community living services and
          value-added services to non-property owners. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended 30
          June 2024 and 2023 was as follows:


                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


          Recognised over time
          – Property management and operational services                                                  3,172,442          2,946,418
          – Community living services                                                                        95,569            113,325
          – Value-added services to non-property owners                                                      89,781            192,628

                                                                                                          3,357,792          3,252,371

          Recognised at a point in time
          – Community living services                                                                       117,550            132,871
          – Value-added services to non-property owners                                                        8,386            10,809

                                                                                                            125,936            143,680

                                                                                                          3,483,728          3,396,051



          The Group had a large number of customers and none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the six
          months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: none).




46   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024


7   Revenue of services (Continued)

    (A) CONTRACT LIABILITIES

           The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:


                                                                                                     30 June     31 December
                                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


           Contract liabilities
           – Third parties                                                                         1,599,087        1,809,990
           – Related parties                                                                           3,319            6,471

                                                                                                   1,602,406        1,816,461



8   Expenses by nature

    Expenses included in cost of sales, administrative expenses, selling and marketing expenses and net impairment losses on
    financial assets are analysed as follows:


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


    Employee benefit expenses                                                                      1,347,157        1,351,563
    Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                      1,136,572           38,385
    Security, maintenance, cleaning and greening costs                                             1,108,199        1,113,190
    Utilities                                                                                        135,705         137,970
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                     79,037           90,095
    Consumable materials cost                                                                         64,017           44,735
    Travelling and entertainment expenses                                                             39,274           40,085
    Cost of goods sold                                                                                24,183           26,854
    Office and communication expenses                                                                 22,190           26,021
    Others                                                                                            95,951           71,412

                                                                                                   4,052,285        2,940,310




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report   47
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     9    Other income

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


          Government grants (a)                                                                           10,663           18,668
          Interest income                                                                                  3,365           15,295

                                                                                                          14,028           33,963



          (a)   Government grants mainly represented financial support funds from government. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                other contingencies attached to these grants.


                Deferral and presentation of government grants


                Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to match
                them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


     10 Other losses – net

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


          Fair value losses from financial assets at FVPL                                               (101,298)          (49,411)
          Fair value loss on investment properties                                                        (5,861)           (1,442)
          (Losses)/gains on disposal of right-of-use assets in the sublease                                 (692)            2,093
          Gains/(losses) on termination of a sublease contract                                               731            (8,145)
          Exchange gains                                                                                   1,995             3,330
          Others                                                                                          (6,204)           (3,453)

                                                                                                        (111,329)          (57,028)




48   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024


11 Finance income – net

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


    Finance cost
      Interest expenses for lease liabilities                                                            (3,225)           (3,421)

    Finance income
      Interest income on bank deposits                                                                  25,216             40,482
      Interest income for lease receivables                                                               1,526               742

                                                                                                        26,742             41,224

                                                                                                        23,517             37,803



12 Income tax (credits)/expense

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


    Current income tax                                                                                 113,525            165,436
    Deferred income tax                                                                               (298,654)           (56,762)

                                                                                                      (185,129)           108,674



    (I)    CAYMAN ISLAND INCOME TAX

           The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
           Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.


    (II)   HONG KONG PROFIT TAX AND BVI INCOME TAX

           No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not derive any income subject to Hong Kong profits
           tax during the period ended 30 June 2024.


           Pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations of the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the BVI subsidiaries of the Group
           are not subject to any income tax in those jurisdictions.




                                                                            SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report        49
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     12 Income tax (credits)/expense (Continued)

          (III) PRC CORPORATE INCOME TAX

                Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the applicable
                tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the years/periods, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and
                practices in respect thereof. The statutory tax rate was 25% for the half-years of 2024 and 2023.


                According to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are registering and
                operating in western region of Mainland China are entitled for a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% for the
                six months ended 30 June 2024.


                In accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding income tax is levied on dividends declared
                to foreign investors from the enterprises with foreign investments established in the PRC. The Group is therefore liable
                to withholding taxes on dividends estimated distributable by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of their
                earnings generated from 1 January 2008.


     13 Loss/(earnings) per share

          The basic (loss)/earnings per share is calculated by dividing the (loss)/profit attributable to the owners of the Company by the
          weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.


          The Company did not have any potential ordinary shares outstanding to be issued during the six months ended 30 June 2024
          and 2023. Diluted (loss)/earnings per share is equal to basic (loss)/earnings per share.


                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2024               2023


          Loss/(profit) attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                 (472,234)           339,925

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                         3,056,844,000      3,056,844,000

          Basic (loss)/earnings per share for (loss)/profit attributable to the owners of
            the Company during the period (expressed in RMB per share)                                          (0.15)             0.11




50   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024


14 Property, plant and equipment

                                     Machinery                    Furniture
                                  and electronic                 and office      Leasehold                  Assets under
                                     equipment     Vehicles      equipment    Improvements      Buildings   construction      Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


   As at 31 December 2023
   Cost                                162,498      17,245          20,878          21,509           409          5,144    227,683
   Accumulated depreciation             (89,856)     (9,750)        (9,807)        (17,665)         (166)             –    (127,244)

   Net book amount                      72,642       7,495          11,071           3,844           243          5,144    100,439

   Half-year ended 30 June 2024
   Opening net book amount               72,642      7,495          11,071           3,844           243          5,144    100,439
   Additions                              8,287      1,123             781               –             –          2,288     12,479
   Transfer from assets under
     construction                           969           –              –               –             –           (969)          –
   Disposals                               (699)      (322)           (171)              –             –              –      (1,192)
   Depreciation charges                 (13,239)     (2,182)        (1,509)           (972)          (33)             –     (17,935)

   Closing net book amount               67,960      6,114          10,172           2,872           210          6,463     93,791

   As at 30 June 2024
   Cost                                161,844      14,524          19,210          21,509           409          6,463    223,959
   Accumulated depreciation             (93,884)     (8,410)        (9,038)        (18,637)         (199)             –    (130,168)

   Net book amount                       67,960      6,114          10,172           2,872           210          6,463     93,791



   For the six months ended 30 June 2024, depreciation expense of RMB15.8 million and RMB2.1 million has been charged to
   “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.




                                                                              SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report      51
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     15 Leases

                                                                                                        Vehicles
                                                                                     Properties       and others             Total
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


          Right-of-use assets
          As at 31 December 2023                                                        62,548             1,842           64,390
          Additions                                                                     18,998               937           19,935
          Depreciation charges                                                          (9,025)             (689)           (9,714)
          Disposals                                                                    (10,468)                –          (10,468)

          As at 30 June 2024                                                            62,053             2,090           64,143



                                                                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


          Lease liabilities
          Current                                                                                         21,799           18,432
          Non-current                                                                                   104,349           100,003

                                                                                                        126,148           118,435



          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, depreciation expense of RMB1.0 million and RMB8.7 million has been charged to “cost
          of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.




52   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                            NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


16 Intangible assets

                                                                                     Customer          Software
                                                                  Goodwill        relationships      and others            Total
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   (note(a))


    As at 31 December 2023
    Cost                                                          1,687,536            410,374         321,222         2,419,132
    Accumulated amortisation                                              –           (196,491)        (142,042)        (338,533)
    Accumulated impairment                                         (472,690)                 –           (6,653)        (479,343)

    Net book amount                                               1,214,846            213,883         172,527         1,601,256

    Half-year ended 30 June 2024
    Opening net book amount                                       1,214,846            213,883         172,527         1,601,256
    Additions                                                             –                  –           10,419           10,419
    Amortisation                                                          –            (26,813)         (24,575)         (51,388)
    Impairment                                                            –                  –             (294)            (294)

    Closing net book amount                                       1,214,846            187,070         158,077         1,559,993

    As at 30 June 2024
    Cost                                                          1,687,536            410,374         331,641         2,429,551
    Accumulated amortisation                                              –           (223,304)        (166,617)        (389,921)
    Accumulated impairment                                         (472,690)                 –           (6,947)        (479,637)

    Net book amount                                               1,214,846            187,070         158,077         1,559,993



    For the six months ended 30 June 2024, amortisation expense of RMB38.3 million and RMB13.1 million has been charged to
    “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” respectively.


    (a)    As there were no indicators for impairment of the cash-generating units as at 30 June 2024, management has not
           updated any impairment calculations.




                                                                               SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report   53
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     17 Investments accounted for using the equity method

                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                                  2024            2023
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


          Joint ventures (a)                                    21,508          23,109
          Associates (b)                                        31,968          33,574

                                                                53,476          56,683



          (A) INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2024            2023
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


                At 1 January                                    23,109          22,561
                Share of (loss)/profits of joint ventures       (1,601)          2,300

                At 30 June                                      21,508          24,861



          (B) INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2024            2023
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


                At 1 January                                    33,574          37,730
                Dividends declared                                (361)                –
                Share of (loss)/profits of associates           (1,245)            815

                At 30 June                                      31,968          38,545




54   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                             NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024


18 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


    Non-current –
    Other receivables (ii)                                                                                 368,596            53,223

    Less: loss allowance (iii)                                                                            (141,222)           (2,465)

    Non-current total                                                                                      227,374            50,758

    Current –
    Trade receivables (i)                                                                                6,479,246         5,909,312
    Other receivables (ii)                                                                                 682,129          971,836

                                                                                                         7,161,375         6,881,148


    Less: loss allowance (iii)                                                                           (3,567,311)      (2,614,262)

    Current total                                                                                        3,594,064         4,266,886



    As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables were all
    denominated in RMB.


    (i)   Trade receivables mainly arise from rendering of property management services managed under lump sum basis,
          operational services and value-added services. Revenue from property management and operational services, community
          living services, value-added services to non-property owners are due for payment upon rendering of service. As at 30
          June 2024, the Group’s trade receivables from related parties were amounted to approximately RMB3,317.61 million (31
          December 2023: approximately RMB3,416.82 million) and trade receivables from the third parties were amounted to
          approximately RMB3,161.63 million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB2,492.50 million), respectively. The ageing
          analysis of trade receivables based on dates of rendering of services is as follows:


                                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


          Within 1 year                                                                                  2,168,708         1,816,692
          1 to 2 years                                                                                     708,349         1,410,901
          2 to 3 years                                                                                   2,566,025         2,427,805
          3 to 4 years                                                                                     941,487          194,944
          4 to 5 years                                                                                      59,910            27,200
          Over 5 years                                                                                      34,767            31,770

                                                                                                         6,479,246         5,909,312




                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report         55
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     18 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

          (ii)    Other receivables mainly include refundable deposit paid to related parties, the payments on behalf of property owners
                  in respect of utilities costs and the lease receivables in the sublease. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


          (iii)   Impairment and risk exposure


                  The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with its debt instruments
                  carried at amortised cost. As at 30 June 2024, out of total provision of approximately RMB3,567 million (31 December
                  2023: RMB2,614 million) for trade and other receivables in current portion, a provision of approximately RMB3,303
                  million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB2,435 million) was made against the gross amounts of trade receivables.
                  Note 5.2 provides for details about the calculation of the allowance.


                  Other receivables from third parties are all considered to have low credit risk and the loss allowance recognised during
                  the year was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses.


                  Other receivables from related parties including refundable deposits for car park agency services are considered to have
                  been credit impaired in credit risk since initial recognition. The Group applied the lifetime ECL at stage 3 to determine
                  the loss allowance to be recognised. As at 30 June 2024, a provision of RMB390.75 million (31 December 2023:
                  RMB167.66 million) was made against the gross amounts of other receivables. Note 5.2 provides for details about the
                  calculation of the allowance.


     19 Prepayments

                                                                                                               30 June      31 December
                                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


          Non-current –
          Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                    2,989             3,375

          Current –
          Prepayments for completed properties                                                                 50,000                   –
          Prepayments for utilities                                                                              1,960             3,044
          Prepayments for short-term rental fees                                                                 5,793             5,103
          Others                                                                                               24,226             22,929

                                                                                                               81,979             31,076



          As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments were all denominated in RMB.




56   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                           NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024


20 Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits

    Cash on hand and demand deposit:


                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                          2,175,479        3,965,208
    HKD                                                                                              5,044           14,292
    USD                                                                                                  4                 4

                                                                                                 2,180,527        3,979,504



    Bank deposits with the maturity over three months:


                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                             15,000           50,000
    HKD                                                                                              7,099           76,003

                                                                                                    22,099          126,003



21 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


    Non-current –
    Investment in an unlisted entity                                                              177,735           294,962

    Current –
    Wealth management products (i)                                                               1,160,394          277,378



    (i)   As at 30 June 2024, wealth management products represented the investment in certain non-principal guaranteed RMB
          denominated wealth management products, which had an expected average interest rate of 3.10% per annum. For
          wealth management products with fixed maturity date, their maturity dates did not exceed the end of September.




                                                                        SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report    57
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     22 Share capital

                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                ordinary shares                Share capital

                                                                                                                        Equivalent to
                                                                                                             HK$           RMB’000


          Authorised:
          At 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024, HK$0.01 per share           10,000,000,000            100,000,000

          Issued and fully paid:
          As at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024                               3,056,844,000          30,568,440              25,645



     23 Reserves and treasury shares

                                                                        Share           Statutory           Other
                                                                     premium              reserve         reserves              Total
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


          Six months ended 30 June 2024
          Balance at 1 January 2024                                 7,459,905            165,581       (1,918,400)       5,707,086
          Share awards scheme-value of employee services                    –                     –         5,203               5,203
          Dividends to the shareholders of the Company               (448,206)                    –                 –      (448,206)
          Changes in non-controlling shareholders’ put option         26,394                      –                 –          26,394

          Balance at 30 June 2024                                   7,038,093            165,581       (1,913,197)       5,290,477

          Six months ended 30 June 2023
          Balance at 1 January 2023                                 7,886,920            159,820       (1,883,398)       6,163,342
          Share awards scheme-value of employee services                    –                     –        11,441              11,441
          Dividends relating to 2022                                 (427,015)                    –                 –      (427,015)
          Appropriation of statutory reserves                               –                405                    –            405

          Balance at 30 June 2023                                   7,459,905            160,225       (1,871,957)       5,748,173




58   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                               NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


24 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


   Trade payables (i)                                                                                  1,120,110         1,150,782
   Temporary receipt on behalf (ii)                                                                      431,584           427,825
   Deposit payables                                                                                      409,742           382,003
   Payroll and welfare payables                                                                          325,708           414,026
   Consideration payable arising from non-controlling shareholders’ put option (iii)                     210,806           237,200
   Other taxes payable                                                                                   162,482           166,945
   Amounts due to related parties (iv)                                                                    61,566             71,053
   Accruals and others                                                                                   136,614           187,040

                                                                                                       2,858,612         3,036,874



   As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, trade and other payables were denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts
   approximated their fair values.


   (i)     The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:


                                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


           Within 1 year                                                                                 849,516           873,632
           1 to 2 years                                                                                  112,455           193,832
           2 to 3 years                                                                                  150,917             77,916
           Over 3 years                                                                                    7,222              5,402

                                                                                                       1,120,110         1,150,782



   (ii)    Temporary receipt on behalf mainly represented the proceeds received from property owners in respect of utilities costs
           and miscellaneous income on common area resources payable to property owners.


   (iii)   The put option was granted to the non-controlling shareholders of certain subsidiary of the Group which it has the
           right to sell the remaining equity interests in the relevant subsidiary to the Group at any time. The put option meets the
           definition of a financial liability as the Group does not have an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or another
           financial asset to settle a contractual obligation. The financial liability is recognised based on the present value of the
           redemption amount for the acquisition of the remaining equity interests upon the exercise. The subsequent changes in
           the put liability’s carrying amount is recorded in equity.


   (iv)    The amounts due to related parties mainly represented the deposit payables which are unsecured and interest free.




                                                                             SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report         59
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     25 Deferred income tax

          (A) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

                                                                                     30 June    31 December
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

               The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                 – Impairment provision                                             809,332         576,980
                 – Lease liabilities                                                 31,537          29,609
                  – Tax losses                                                        29,684         23,688
                  – Accrued expense and others                                        22,961         21,844
                  – Dividend tax for PRC entities’ distributable profits               8,173              –
                  – Fair value change                                                 56,144         25,958

               Total deferred tax assets                                            957,831         678,079

               Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions    (30,989)       (29,609)

               Net deferred tax assets                                              926,842         648,470



          (B) DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

                                                                                     30 June    31 December
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

               The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                 – Fair value surplus at acquisitions                                 45,633         51,639
                 – Right-of-use assets                                                15,896         16,411
                 – Lease payments receivable under a finance lease                    15,093         14,117
                 – Fair value change                                                   2,587            838
                 – Dividend tax for PRC entities’ distributable profits                    –         15,148
                 – Others                                                                108             66

               Total deferred tax liabilities                                         79,317         98,219

               Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions    (30,989)       (29,609)

               Net deferred tax liabilities                                           48,328         68,610




60   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
                                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024


26 Dividends

    No interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was proposed by the board of directors of the Company (for the
    six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).


27 Related party transactions

    (A) MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

         In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated interim financial
         information, the Group had the following significant transactions entered into the ordinary course of business between
         the Group and the related parties:


         (i)   Rendering of services


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


               Revenue from provision of properties management services and
                 value-added services
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                              47,727            99,979
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                                     45,934            92,308

                                                                                                    93,661           192,287




                                                                        SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report       61
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     27 Related party transactions (Continued)

          (B) BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES BEFORE PROVISION

                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

               Trade receivables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                    2,760,390       2,822,199
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                             557,221         594,616

                                                                                          3,317,611       3,416,815

               Other receivables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                      686,903         691,133
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                              50,906          52,872

                                                                                            737,809         744,005

               Trade and other receivables                                                4,055,420       4,160,820

               Trade and other payables
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                       67,946          69,248
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                              13,919          14,066

                                                                                             81,865          83,314

               Contract liabilities
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                        1,555           4,916
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                               1,764           1,555

                                                                                              3,319           6,471

               Prepayment
                 – Fellow subsidiaries                                                       50,389             528
                 – Associates and joint ventures of Sunac China                                  21               –

                                                                                             50,410             528


          (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION

               Compensations for key management are set out below.

                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

               Wages, salaries and discretionary bonuses                                      8,304          12,203
               Social insurance expenses, housing benefits and other employee benefits          474             342
               Share awards                                                                   4,042           5,400

                                                                                             12,820          17,945



62   SUNAC SERVICES HOLDINGS LIMITED 2024 Interim Report
