                                                                                                                 PCCW ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                               Stock Code: 0008




PCCW Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
41/F, PCCW Tower, Taikoo Place, 979 King's Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
T: +852 2888 2888 F: +852 2877 8877 www.pccw.com

PCCW shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK: 0008)
and traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts on the OTC Markets Group Inc. in the US (Ticker: PCCWY)
Copyright © PCCW Limited 2025. All Rights Reserved.
CONTENTS
1    About PCCW                      12    Board of Directors

4    Message from the Chairman       19    Corporate Governance Report

6    Message from the Acting Group   45    Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     Managing Director
                                     55    Financial Information
8    PCCW in Numbers
                                     223   Investor Relations
10   Significant Events in 2024
ABOUT PCCW


PCCW Limited (SEHK: 0008) is a global company headquartered in Hong Kong
which holds interests in telecommunications, media, IT solutions, property
development and investment, and other businesses.

The Company holds a majority stake in the HKT Trust and HKT Limited,
Hong Kong’s premier telecommunications service provider and leading operator of
fixed-line, broadband, mobile communication and media entertainment services.
HKT delivers end-to-end integrated solutions employing emerging technologies
to assist enterprises in transforming their businesses. HKT has also built a digital
ecosystem integrating its loyalty programme, e-commerce, travel, insurance,
big data analytics, fintech and healthtech services to deepen its relationship
with customers.

PCCW owns a fully integrated multimedia and entertainment group in Hong Kong
engaged in the provision of over-the-top (“OTT”) video service locally and in other
regions, as well as content production, artiste management and the event business.

Through HK Television Entertainment Company Limited, PCCW also operates a
domestic free TV service in Hong Kong.

In addition, PCCW holds a stake in Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited
and other overseas investments.
CORPORATE PROFILE




                        We deliver premium streaming services across 16 markets in Asia, the Middle East
                        and South Africa, free television in Hong Kong and live entertainment globally,
                        reaching tens of millions of users and households through diverse content, talent
                        development and online-to-offline entertainment events. Rooted in Hong Kong, we
                        engage the world through original productions, localised global hits and content that
                        resonate and propagate.




2   PCCW | Annual Report 2024
With fibre speeds of up to 800G and 5G-Advanced
wireless coverage, we enhance work, entertainment
and education at home and on the go while
powering high-bandwidth applications for public
and private organisations. Through cross-industry
expertise, global infrastructure and digital ventures,
we enhance operations, facilitate data movement
and enrich our ecosystem, driving our community
tech forward.




                                                         Consistently at the forefront of driving
                                                         innovation, PCCW Solutions is an
                                                         outsourcing partner of choice for clients
                                                         across industries. We play a key role in
                                                         supplying and maintaining some of the
                                                         most essential IT systems in the public
                                                         sector.




                                                                  PCCW | Annual Report 2024          3
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN




The technology, media and telecommunications sector            These capabilities complement our global infrastructure,
traversed a year of uncertainty in 2024 amid evolving          unlocking regional and international connectivity opportunities
consumer expectations and rapid market shifts. Despite         amid economic shifts. We facilitate cross-border growth for
these challenges, PCCW delivered solid financial results, a    Chinese enterprises and global corporations entering the
testament to our resilient business model and disciplined      mainland. Through Console Connect, we expand global
approach to growth.                                            reach, empowering businesses to enter new markets with
                                                               agility.
Our pan-regional video streaming service, Viu, sustained
its leadership in Southeast Asia, engaging audiences           Our network upgrades also enhance consumer experiences,
with diverse, high-quality content. As global interest in      extending mobile coverage to remote areas and achieving
Chinese-language entertainment rises, we enriched our          51% 5G penetration among post-paid customers. Strong
offerings and enhanced localisation to broaden international   roaming demand has driven outbound roaming revenue to
accessibility. Our carefully curated portfolio features        surpass pre-COVID levels, resulting in a 37% year-on-year
refined Korean content selection, further strengthening our    rise in total roaming revenue. We also foster digital inclusion
competitiveness and fostering cross-cultural appreciation.     through AI education, traveller support and new resident
                                                               assistance.
ViuTV deepened its connection with younger audiences
through fresh, original content that adds to Hong Kong’s       Now TV continues to diversify its content, building on
dynamic cultural landscape. Key collaborations such as         its pillars of sports and news by adding specialised
the Hong Kong Government-supported CHILL CLUB Thai             programmes such as cricket and docutainment to premium
Music Festival at Kai Tak Sports Park fostered regional ties   sports and blockbuster movies. Its increasingly popular
and showcased the city’s readiness as a host for large-scale   OTT service reflects our adaptability to multi-device viewing.
entertainment experiences.                                     Having established a strong presence in Hong Kong’s
                                                               hospitality and food and beverage sectors, Now TV is
For our artistes, we cultivated opportunities to hone their    extending its reach to Macao’s luxury resorts, supporting
talent across local and international stages, extending the    the Greater Bay Area’s tourism revival.
city’s creative footprint while strengthening regional and
global collaboration. Our productions, now reaching over
40 markets, bring Hong Kong’s distinct cultural perspective
to wider audiences.

Under HKT, our future-ready network underpins our
innovation. As the first to meet the Fifth Generation Fixed
Network-Advanced (“F5G-A”) standard, we have driven
50G PON adoption and now enable on-demand artificial
intelligence (“AI”) supercomputing access, advancing
next-generation data centre interconnectivity. Our research
and development extend beyond traditional connectivity,
accelerating AI-driven solutions.




 4    PCCW Annual Report 2024
As we expand connectivity, we deepen engagement. The
Club drives customer retention through personalised offers
while connecting merchants with consumers, supporting
local retailers. Beyond commerce, initiatives such as
HKT x WESTK POPFEST reinforce Hong Kong’s position as
a premier event destination.

Supported by HKT’s solid financial position, PCCW is
committed to fostering a dynamic creative ecosystem. We
will continue to contribute to Hong Kong’s rise as a centre
for international cultural exchange through integrated
media platforms while creating long-term value for our
stakeholders.




Richard Li
Chairman
21 February 2025




                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024   5
MESSAGE FROM THE ACTING GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR




2024 was a relatively challenging year characterised by         Significant progress in artiste management &
sluggish and uncertain economic conditions, with subdued        event business
consumption in Hong Kong. Nevertheless, our strategic           Due to the appeal of our expanding media ecosystem,
focus remained on driving profitability by prudently scaling    we increased the roster of artistes that we manage to
our video streaming and domestic television platforms while     almost 70. During the year, we successfully organised
benefitting from the stability and resilience of HKT Limited    31 sold-out concerts in Hong Kong featuring some of these
(“HKT”). Overall performance was solid, with revenue up 3%      artistes. We also continued to expand their reach into new
to HK$37,557 million and EBITDA of HK$12,849 million.           markets, providing them with opportunities across diverse
                                                                entertainment formats, including dramas, commercials,
A leading video streaming platform in the                       films, music and events. Our artistes subsequently garnered
region                                                          numerous accolades from both local and international
Available in 16 markets across Southeast Asia, the              bodies throughout the year.
Middle East and South Africa, Viu is the leading Asian
streaming platform in the region. During the year, Viu          In terms of our broadcasting operations, ViuTV is recognised
added 2.2 million paid subscribers, bringing the total to       for its vibrant brand and fresh, engaging content that
15.5 million*, with significant inroads made in Indonesia,      attracts a greater share of younger audiences. ViuTV’s
Malaysia and Thailand. New partnerships with digital            strong appeal to these viewers positions it as an ideal
economy companies such as Grab, Trip.com and Zalora             platform to support advertisers and public service providers
and the launch of our Premium+ subscription tier in             in initiatives aimed at this demographic. By leveraging the
selected markets also helped to drive a 15%* increase in        Group’s extensive resources, ViuTV is uniquely equipped
subscription revenue during the year.                           to offer a comprehensive range of effective advertising
                                                                and marketing services, including production, media (both
Subscribers to Viu have access to premium content across        broadcast and digital), event management and artiste
a broad range of genres and languages. With its growing         representation. This is further complemented by the
subscriber base and a large number of active users on its       breadth of our distribution platform that spans TV, digital
freemium service, Viu can quickly and accurately identify       and print media.
the content genres and themes that resonate most with
viewers. In response to growing demand, Viu expanded its        Benefitting from HKT’s advancement and
Chinese drama offering during the year, streaming 52%           stability
more titles and 17% more programming hours. We also             In these uncertain times, HKT has remained steadfast in
increased our Chinese simulcast titles by 50%, allowing         executing its strategic priorities of delivering high-quality,
viewers to watch their favourite Chinese dramas as soon as      reliable and innovative services to customers, furthering
they become available.                                          its transformation into a dynamic technology solutions
                                                                provider and fortifying its financial position. In 2024, HKT
During the year, Viu partnered with numerous advertisers        once again delivered a solid performance, achieving growth
and attracted local and regional sponsorships through           in revenue, EBITDA and, most notably, adjusted funds flow
bespoke content that incorporates the products and              (“AFF”). With its leading integrated network, growing digital
services of these advertisers. Furthermore, in an effort to     ecosystem and burgeoning enterprise business, HKT is
increase advertising inventory and advertising rates, Viu       well-positioned to sustain its growth trajectory.
launched an advertising-based video on demand (“AVOD”)
tier for connected TV users in 2024. As a result, advertising
revenue on the platform grew 17%* during the year.



*       Excluding Myanmar



    6      PCCW Annual Report 2024
Prudent long-term dividend policy
Supported by HKT’s solid financial position, PCCW is
committed to fostering a dynamic creative ecosystem.
We will continue to contribute to Hong Kong’s rise as
a centre for international cultural exchange through
integrated media platforms while creating long-term value
for our stakeholders.

In light of the uncertain and rapidly changing economic and
industry conditions, we will continue adhering to a prudent
dividend policy that prioritises a strong financial position
while providing attractive total returns to our shareholders.
In this regard, we are pleased to announce that the board of
directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend
of 28.48 HK cents per ordinary share, bringing the full-year
dividend to 38.25 HK cents per ordinary share for the year
ended 31 December 2024.

I would like to express my sincere thanks to all of our
colleagues for their tireless efforts over the past year and to
our shareholders for their unwavering support.




Susanna Hui
Acting Group Managing Director
21 February 2025




                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024   7
PCCW IN NUMBERS

                Financial Highlights          Media Business

                                              OTT Business

                                               Revenue



                                  3%
                                               HK$2,458M
                                               EBITDA
                   Consolidated Revenue
                   HK$37,557M                  HK$398M

                                                   Viu

                                               Subscription
                                               Revenue#                    15%
                                               Advertising
                                               Revenue#                    17%
                    Consolidated EBITDA

                                                                           17%
                                               Paid Subscriber Base#
                    HK$12,849M
                                               15.5M
                                               #
                                                   Excluding Myanmar




                                              Free TV & Related Business



                                                                           11%
                                               Revenue
                                               HK$1,057M
                   Total Dividend Per Share
                    38.25 HK cents
                                                                           1%
                                               EBITDA
                                               HK$192M


8   PCCW | Annual Report 2024
HKT


                                           2%
      Total Revenue*

      HK$32,031M

                                           3%
      Total EBITDA

      HK$13,743M

                                           3%
      AFF

      HK$5,973M
      * Excluding Mobile product sales




                                                        3%
                                    Fibre-to-the-Home
                                    (“FTTH”)
                                    Connections
                                    1.04M


                                         0.3%
      Pay TV
      Installed Base
      1.43M


                                                        25%
                                    5G Customer
                                    Base
                                    1.75M


                                         4%
      The Club Members
      4.01M


                                                         3%
                                    Tap & Go Accounts
                                    3.89M
                                                         PCCW | Annual Report 2024   9
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN 2024




                                      01 Boy group MIRROR kicks off first world tour from Hong Kong



                                                 02 HKT x ViuTV roll out “Reward Yourself, Recharge the
                                                   City” campaign with malls and merchants to stimulate
                                                      local consumption


                                                             03 Now TV launches addressable TV
                                                              advertising to improve campaign targeting


                                                                    04 HKT, AIS, Globe, Optus, Singtel,
                                                                     Taiwan Mobile and Telkomsel
                                                                      collaborate to launch world’s
                                                                       first cross-border telco rewards
      01
                                                                         programme
                       02

                                                                           05 Now TV exclusively
                                                                           broadcasts UEFA EURO 2024

                                05
                                                                             06 Girl group COLLAR holds
                                                                            first concert in Hong Kong


                                                                            07 HKT becomes first
                                06
                                                                           telecom service provider to
                                                                          adopt 50G PON technology in
                                                                          Hong Kong
                      07

     08                                                                   08 HKT launches premium
                                                                       lifestyle brand “1O1O HOME”,
                                                                      redefining the top-notch home
                                                                     broadband experience


                                                                  09 HKT Enterprise Solutions showcases
                                                               emerging technologies to over 800 attendees
                                                             at Tech Week 2024




10        PCCW | Annual Report 2024
             10 CSL Mobile among first batch of
           recognised 5G network providers in
              Hong Kong to launch Tiantong
                 satellite communications


    11 Standard Chartered, Animoca
      Brands and HKT join forces to
  participate in HKMA’s stablecoin
                   issuer sandbox
                                                                                                                  10

    12 HKT launches app-based                                                                    13
   payment acceptance solution
                  “HKT POS”


                                                                                       14
      13 ViuTV among official
           broadcasters for
  Olympic Games Paris 2024


   14 Now TV secures Premier
                                                                                        18
   League rights until 2027/28


   15 Viu signs memorandum of
    understanding (“MoU”) with                                                                   19
Korea Creative Content Agency to
                                                                                                                  20
expand genre diversity, production,
     investment and distribution of
                           K-content


       16 Now TV expands its footprint to
                    luxury resorts in Macao

            17 PCCW Global and GalaxySpace
                           sign MoU for bringing
                   low-Earth-orbit satellite services
                              to international markets


              18 Viu Originals win 14 National Awards at the
                                 Asian Academy Creative Awards


                            19 HKT x WESTK POPFEST returns with Hong Kong’s
                                                             largest outdoor dance party


                                                20 ViuTV hosts CHILL CLUB Thai Music Festival as first test concert
                                                                       for newly commissioned Kai Tak Sports Park




                                                                                      PCCW | Annual Report 2024        11
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
LI Tzar Kai, Richard                         HUI Hon Hing, Susanna                            Ms Hui graduated with a bachelor’s degree
Chairman                                     Acting Group Managing Director and               in social sciences from the University of
Mr Li, aged 58, was appointed an             Group Chief Financial Officer                    Hong Kong with first class honours. She is
Executive Director and the Chairman of       Ms Hui, aged 60, was appointed an                a qualified accountant and a member of
PCCW in August 1999. He is the Chairman      Executive Director of PCCW in May 2010           both the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
of PCCW’s Executive Committee and a          and became Acting Group Managing                 Public Accountants and the American
member of the Nomination Committee of        Director of PCCW in March 2022. She              Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
the Board. He is also the Chairman and       has also been the Group Chief Financial
Chief Executive of the Pacific Century       Officer of PCCW since April 2007. She is a       Drawing on her extensive experience and
Group, a Director of FWD Group Holdings      member of PCCW’s Executive Committee             expertise in innovation and technology
Limited, the Executive Chairman and          and holds directorships in various               ecosystems, Ms Hui serves as a member
an Executive Director of HKT Limited         Group companies. She is also the Group           of the Hong Kong Science and Technology
(HKT) and HKT Management Limited,            Managing Director of HKT Limited (HKT)           Parks Corporation’s board of directors,
the trustee-manager of the HKT Trust, the    and HKT Management Limited, the                  the Hong Kong Trade Development
Chairman of HKT’s Executive Committee        trustee-manager of the HKT Trust and             Council Belt and Road & Greater Bay
and a member of HKT’s Nomination             a member of HKT’s Executive Committee.           Area Committee and its Greater Bay Area
Committee, an Executive Director of                                                           Task Force on Innovation and Technology,
Pacific Century Premium Developments         Ms Hui joined Cable & Wireless HKT Limited       and the Digital Economy Development
Limited (PCPD), the Chairman of PCPD’s       (which was subsequently acquired                 Committee of the Hong Kong Special
Executive Committee, a member of PCPD’s      by PCCW) in September 1999. Since                Administrative Region (HKSAR)
Remuneration Committee and Nomination        then, she has served the PCCW Group in           Government. She is also a vice-chairman
Committee, the Chairman and an Executive     various capacities in the past 25 years,         of the Employers’ Federation of Hong
Director of Singapore-based Pacific          including as Director of Group Finance of        Kong as well as a fellow and council
Century Regional Developments Limited        the PCCW Group from September 2006               member of The Hong Kong Management
(PCRD), and the Chairman of PCRD’s           to April 2007, and the Director of Finance       Association, where she is appointed
Executive Committee.                         of the PCCW Group with responsibility for        Professor of Practice at its Institute of
                                             the telecommunications services sector           Advanced Management Development.
Mr Li is a member of the Center for          and regulatory accounting. Ms Hui was            Additionally, Ms Hui is a director of
Strategic and International Studies’         also the Group Chief Financial Officer of        Mox Bank Limited.
International Councillors’ Group in          HKT from November 2011 to August
Washington, D.C. He was awarded the          2018, an Executive Director of Pacific           In 2024, Ms Hui was awarded the Medal
Lifetime Achievement Award by the Cable &    Century Premium Developments Limited             of Honour by the HKSAR Government
Satellite Broadcasting Association of Asia   (PCPD) from May 2018 to December 2021            in recognition of her dedicated and
in November 2011.                            and the Chief Financial Officer of PCPD          valuable community service, particularly
                                             from July 2009 to November 2011.                 in youth development and supporting
                                                                                              underprivileged students.
                                             Prior to joining Cable & Wireless HKT Limited,
                                             Ms Hui was the chief financial officer of a
                                             listed company engaged in hotel and
                                             property investment and management.




12     PCCW Annual Report 2024
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
TSE Sze Wing, Edmund, GBS                      Mr Tse is a member of the Chief               TANG Yongbo
Non-Executive Director                         Executive’s Council of Advisers. Mr Tse       Deputy Chairman
Mr Tse, aged 87, is a Non-Executive            was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star            Mr Tang, aged 50, became a
Director of PCCW. He was an Independent        by the Government of the Hong Kong            Non-Executive Director of PCCW in
Non-Executive Director of PCCW from            Special Administrative Region in 2001 in      August 2023. He is the Deputy Chairman
September 2009 to March 2011 and was           recognition of his outstanding efforts in     and a member of PCCW’s Executive Committee.
re-designated to a Non-Executive Director      respect of the development of Hong Kong’s     He is also a Non-Executive Director of
of PCCW in March 2011. He is also a            insurance industry. Mr Tse graduated with     HKT Limited (HKT) and HKT Management
member of the Regulatory Compliance            a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics      Limited, the trustee-manager of the
Committee of the Board.                        from the University of Hong Kong (HKU)        HKT Trust, and a member of HKT’s Executive
                                               in 1960. HKU conferred an Honorary            Committee, Nomination Committee and
Mr Tse is the Independent Non-Executive        Fellowship and an Honorary Doctorate          Remuneration Committee.
Chairman and an Independent                    Degree in Social Sciences on Mr Tse in
Non-Executive Director of AIA Group Limited.   1998 and 2002 respectively. He also           Mr Tang is a vice general manager of China
From 1996 until June 2009, Mr Tse was          obtained diplomas from the College of         United Network Communications Group
Director of American International Group,      Insurance and the Graduate School of          Company Limited, a senior vice president
Inc. (AIG) and from 2001 until June 2009,      Business of Stanford University. He has       of China United Network Communications
he was Senior Vice Chairman – Life             extensive management experience in            Limited, a senior vice president of China
Insurance of AIG. From 2000 until              the insurance market, both in Asia and        Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, and a
June 2009, he was Chairman and Chief           globally. In 2003, Mr Tse was elected to      director and a senior vice president of
Executive Officer of American International    the prestigious Insurance Hall of Fame        China United Network Communications
Assurance Company, Limited and                 and in 2017, Mr Tse was awarded the           Corporation Limited. Mr Tang also serves
from 2005 until April 2015, he was the         first ever “Lifetime Achievement Award”       as a non-executive director of China
Chairman of AIA Philippines Life and           at the Pacific Insurance Conference in        Tower Corporation Limited and China
General Insurance Company Inc. (formerly       recognition of his outstanding contribution   Communications Services Corporation
known as The Philippine American Life          to the insurance industry. In 2018,           Limited.
and General Insurance (PHILAM LIFE)            Mr Tse was conferred an Honorary Degree
Company). Mr Tse has held various              of Doctor of Business Administration          Mr Tang previously served as a deputy
senior positions and directorships in other    by Lingnan University. In 2019, Mr Tse        general manager and a general manager
AIG companies. Mr Tse is also the              was conferred Fellowship by the               of Hunan Branch of China Unicom, and a
Non-Executive Chairman for Asia ex-Japan       Hong Kong Academy of Finance. In 2024,        general manager of marketing department
of PineBridge Investments Asia Limited         Mr Tse was conferred an Honorary Degree       of China United Network Communications
and a Director of Bridge Holdings Company      of Doctor of Social Science by The Hang       Group Company Limited. He was a deputy
Limited which are asset management             Seng University of Hong Kong. Mr Tse          to the 13th National People’s Congress.
companies owned indirectly by Mr Li Tzar       serves many community and professional
Kai, Richard, the Chairman of PCCW.            organizations as well as educational          Mr Tang received a master’s degree in
Mr Tse was a Non-Executive Director of         institutions. He is also a director of AIA    Business Administration from Central
PICC Property and Casualty Company             Foundation, which supports charitable         South University. Mr Tang has extensive
Limited from June 2004 until July 2014.        causes in Hong Kong.                          experience in management and the
                                                                                             telecommunications industry.




                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024   13
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)




MENG Shusen                                 ZHAO Xingfu                                 WEI Zhe, David
Non-Executive Director                      Non-Executive Director                      Non-Executive Director
Ms Meng, aged 52, became a                  Mr Zhao, aged 49, became a                  Mr Wei, aged 54, is a Non-Executive
Non-Executive Director of PCCW in           Non-Executive Director of PCCW in           Director of PCCW. He was appointed an
December 2021. She is a member of the       February 2025. He is a member of the        Independent Non-Executive Director of
Remuneration Committee of the Board.        Nomination Committee of the Board.          PCCW in November 2011 and was
                                            He is also a Non-Executive Director of      re-designated to a Non-Executive Director
Ms Meng is currently the Chairwoman and     HKT Limited (HKT) and HKT Management        of PCCW in May 2012. He is also a
President of China Unicom Global Limited    Limited, the trustee-manager of the         member of the Remuneration Committee of
(CUG), a subsidiary of China United         HKT Trust, and a member of HKT’s            the Board.
Network Communications Group Company        Regulatory Compliance Committee.
Limited (Unicom). In addition, she has                                                  Mr Wei has over 20 years of experience
served as the Dean of the China Unicom      Mr Zhao is the general manager of the       in both investment and operational
(Hong Kong) Innovation Research Institute   finance department of China United          management in the People’s Republic of
since 2024.                                 Network Communications Group                China. Prior to launching Vision Knight
                                            Company Limited. He was the deputy          Capital (China) Fund I, L.P., a private
Ms Meng has served as the Deputy            general manager of Guangzhou Branch of      equity investment fund in 2011,
General Manager of Global Business          China United Network Communications         Mr Wei was an executive director and chief
Department of the Unicom group              Corporation Limited, the general manager    executive officer of Alibaba.com Limited,
since 2008 and was promoted as the          of the finance department of Guangdong      a leading worldwide B2B e-commerce
Chairwoman and President of CUG in          Branch of China United Network              company, from 2007 to 2011, where he
2017. She served as the Deputy Head         Communications Corporation Limited, and     successfully led the company through its
of Technology Department, the General       the deputy general manager of the finance   initial public offering and listing on The
Manager of Marketing Department in China    department of China United Network          Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in
Telecom Group Beijing Corporation from      Communications Group Company Limited.       2007. Alibaba.com Limited was delisted in
2000 to 2004; and during 2004 and 2008,                                                 June 2012. Prior to Alibaba.com Limited,
she served as the Deputy General Manager    Mr Zhao is a senior accountant.             Mr Wei was the president, from 2002 to
of Enterprise Customer Business Unit and    He graduated from Harbin Institute          2006, and chief financial officer, from
the Deputy Director of Board Secretariat    of Technology in 1998 and received          2000 to 2002, of B&Q China, the then
in China Network Communications Group       a Master’s Degree in Business               subsidiary of Kingfisher plc, a leading
Corporation.                                Administration from Webster University in   home improvement retailer in Europe
                                            the United States in 2012. Mr Zhao has      and Asia. Under Mr Wei’s leadership,
Ms Meng is a postgraduate with a            extensive experience in corporate finance   B&Q China grew to become China’s
doctorate degree in Electric Circuit and    and investment management.                  largest home improvement retailer.
System. Ms Meng has extensive experience                                                From 2003 to 2006, Mr Wei was also
in technologies and services, sales and                                                 the chief representative for Kingfisher’s
marketing of telecom company, and                                                       China sourcing office, Kingfisher Asia
corporate governance of listed companies.                                               Limited. Prior to that, Mr Wei served
                                                                                        as the head of investment banking at
                                                                                        Orient Securities Company Limited from




14     PCCW Annual Report 2024
                                              INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
                                              DIRECTORS

1998 to 2000, and as corporate finance        Aman MEHTA                                    In 1998, Mr Mehta was reappointed
manager at Coopers & Lybrand (now part        Independent Non-Executive Director            General Manager – International, after
of PricewaterhouseCoopers) from 1995 to       Mr Mehta, aged 78, became an                  which he became Executive Director
1998. Mr Wei was an executive director of     Independent Non-Executive Director            International. In 1999, he was appointed
Zall Smart Commerce Group Ltd.;               of PCCW in February 2004 and is the           Chief Executive Officer, a position he held
a non-executive director of HSBC Bank         Chairman of the Audit Committee,              until retirement.
(China) Company Limited, The Hongkong         the Nomination Committee and the
and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited      Remuneration Committee of the Board.          Following his retirement in December 2003,
and Zhong Ao Home Group Limited; a            He is also an Independent Non-Executive       Mr Mehta took up residence in New Delhi.
director of 500.com Limited, Shanghai M&G     Director of HKT Limited (HKT) and HKT         He was an Independent Non-Executive
Stationery Inc., Informa PLC, UBM plc,        Management Limited, the trustee-manager       Director of Emaar MGF Land Limited,
Hitevision Co., Ltd. and BlueCity Holdings    of the HKT Trust, and the Chairman of         Jet Airways (India) Limited, Cairn India Limited,
Limited; an independent director of           HKT’s Nomination Committee.                   Vedanta Resources plc, Tata Consultancy
Fangdd Network Group Ltd., Leju Holdings                                                    Services Limited, Vedanta Limited,
Limited and OneSmart International            Mr Mehta joined the Board following a         Godrej Consumer Products Limited,
Education Group Limited; and also the         distinguished career in the international     Tata Steel Limited, Wockhardt Limited
vice chairman of China Chain Store &          banking community. Mr Mehta held              and Max Financial Services Limited;
Franchise Association. He was voted as        the position of Chief Executive Officer of    and an Independent Director on
one of “China’s Best CEOs” by FinanceAsia     The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking             the Supervisory Board of ING Groep N.V.,
magazine in 2010. Mr Wei currently serves     Corporation Limited (HSBC) until              a Netherlands company.
as an executive director and the chairman     December 2003, when he retired.
of Vision Deal HK Acquisition Corp. and                                                     Mr Mehta is also a member of the
chairs its nomination committee. He also      Born in India in 1946, Mr Mehta joined        Governing Board of Indian School of
serves as a director of Sansure Biotech       HSBC group in Bombay in 1967. After           Business, Hyderabad.
Co., Ltd.; a non-executive director of JNBY   a number of assignments throughout
Design Limited and Polestar Automotive        HSBC group, he was appointed
Holding UK PLC; and an independent            Manager – Corporate Planning at
director of Oriental Pearl Group Co., Ltd.    HSBC’s headquarters in Hong Kong in 1985.
and Ningbo Commerce Bank Co., Ltd.            After a three-year posting to Riyadh in
                                              Saudi Arabia, he was appointed
He holds a bachelor’s degree in               Group General Manager in 1991, and
international business management from        General Manager – International the
Shanghai International Studies University     following year, with responsibility for
and has completed a corporate finance         overseas subsidiaries. He subsequently
program at London Business School.            held senior positions in the United States,
                                              overseeing HSBC group companies in the
                                              Americas and later becoming responsible
                                              for HSBC’s operations in the Middle East.




                                                                                                            PCCW Annual Report 2024      15
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)




Frances Waikwun WONG                             Ms Wong was educated in the United           Bryce Wayne LEE
Independent Non-Executive Director               States at Stanford University where she      Independent Non-Executive Director
Ms Wong, aged 63, was appointed an               received a Bachelor of Science degree.       Mr Lee, aged 60, was appointed an
Independent Non-Executive Director of            She holds a Master of Science degree from    Independent Non-Executive Director of
PCCW effective from March 2012 and               the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   PCCW in May 2012 and is a member of the
is the Chairwoman of the Regulatory              Ms Wong was a member of the Central          Audit Committee and the Remuneration
Compliance Committee, and a member of            Policy Unit, the Government of the           Committee of the Board.
the Nomination Committee and the                 Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
Remuneration Committee of the Board.             (think tank). She has served on many         Mr Lee joined Silver Lake in 2011 and is a
She is also an Independent Non-Executive         educational boards including the Canadian    Managing Director and Head of Business
Director of HKT Limited (HKT) and HKT            International School of Hong Kong,           Development, Fundraising and Investor
Management Limited, the trustee-manager          Hong Kong Metropolitan University and        Relations of Silver Lake. In addition, he
of the HKT Trust, and the Chairwoman of          was a member of the Joint Committee          is an investment professional primarily
HKT’s Remuneration Committee. She was            on Student Finance of Student Financial      with responsibility in the Asia region.
an Independent Non-Executive Director            Assistance Agency.                           Previously, he was a Managing Director of
of Pacific Century Regional Developments                                                      Credit Suisse in the Investment Banking
Limited from June 2013 to April 2023.                                                         division, serving as head of the Technology
                                                                                              Group for the Americas and as co-head of
Ms Wong is currently a financial advisor of                                                   the Alternative Energy Group. Mr Lee was
Good Harbour Finance Limited. She began                                                       instrumental in building a number of Credit
her career as a management consultant                                                         Suisse’s franchises including its Asian
at McKinsey & Company in the United                                                           technology investment banking business
States. Ms Wong returned to Hong Kong                                                         and was named to Forbes magazine’s
and joined the Hutchison Whampoa group                                                        “Midas List” of the top 100 technology
of companies in 1988, taking on various                                                       dealmakers in the world. He was a member
positions. She was managing director of                                                       of Credit Suisse’s Investment Banking
Weatherite Manufacturing Limited, an air                                                      Committee and served on the Managing
conditioning manufacturer. Later, Ms Wong                                                     Director Evaluation Committee. Mr Lee
became chief executive officer of Metro                                                       is a member of the Council on Foreign
Broadcast Corporation Limited. Eventually,                                                    Relations.
she became chief financial officer of Star
TV, Asia’s first satellite television company.                                                Mr Lee is currently on the boards of
After leaving the Hutchison Whampoa                                                           directors of Carbon, Inc. and Peloton
Group, she became group chief financial                                                       Computer Enterprises. He was previously
officer for the Pacific Century Group. After                                                  on the board of Eka Software Solutions.
she resigned from the Pacific Century                                                         Mr Lee graduated from Stanford University.
Group, she founded the Independent
Schools Foundation in Hong Kong in 2000.




16      PCCW Annual Report 2024
Lars Eric Nils RODERT                         David Christopher CHANCE                    Sharhan Mohamed MUHSEEN
Independent Non-Executive Director            Independent Non-Executive Director          MOHAMED
Mr Rodert, aged 63, was appointed an          Mr Chance, aged 67, was appointed an        Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director of         Independent Non-Executive Director of       Mr Muhseen, aged 49, was appointed an
PCCW in November 2012 and is a member         PCCW in November 2013. He is also a         Independent Non-Executive Director of
of the Audit Committee and the Nomination     member of the Regulatory Compliance         PCCW in February 2023.
Committee of the Board.                       Committee of the Board. He was the
                                              Independent Non-Executive Chairman          Mr Muhseen is a senior investment
Mr Rodert is the founder and Chief            and Director of PCCW Media Limited (now     banker with extensive experience in areas
Executive Officer of ÖstVäst Advisory         known as Now TV Limited), a subsidiary of   of mergers and acquisitions, corporate
AB. He has served as an independent           PCCW from November 2013 to September        finance and capital markets. He has served
director of Brookfield Asset Management       2022.                                       in a senior board capacity working with
Reinsurance Partners Ltd. since                                                           company boards and senior leadership
November 2021. He is also a director of       Mr Chance is the Non-Executive Chairman     teams of corporates across Asia to help
Brookfield Property Partners L.P.’s General   of Really Useful Group Investments          drive their strategic agenda and roadmap.
Partner, and was a director of Brookfield     Limited and a Non-Executive Director of
Infrastructure Partners L.P.’s Managing       LW Theatres Holdings Limited. He was the    Mr Muhseen currently is the Chairman of
General Partner from 2010 to 2013. He         Non-Executive Chairman of Modern Times      each of CBC Finance Limited and Platinum
was previously a director of Brookfield       Group MTG AB and the Non-Executive          Advisors Pte. Ltd., the Chairman
Property REIT Inc., which was delisted        Chairman of Nordic Entertainment Group      and a Non-Executive Independent Director
in July 2021 following its merger with        AB. He has significant senior management    of Commercial Bank of Ceylon PLC, the
Brookfield Asset Management Inc. became       experience particularly in the area of      Deputy Chairman of Amãna Takaful
effective. Mr Rodert is also a Board          pay television having been formerly         Life PLC, a Non-Executive Director of
Member of Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget             the Executive Chairman of Top Up TV         David Pieris Holdings (Private) Limited,
i Norden AB (publ). He was a Senior           Ltd. between 2003 and 2011, and the         and a Director of each of Canary Wharf
Portfolio Manager for Inter IKEA Treasury     Deputy Managing Director of British Sky     Holdings Pte. Ltd. and H2O ONE.
in North America and Europe. Prior to this    Broadcasting Group plc between 1993
role, he was most recently Chief Investment   and 1998. He was also a Non-Executive
Officer, Global Equities, at SEB Asset        Director of ITV plc and O2 plc. He
Management and prior to that he was           graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree,
Head of North American Equities at the        a Bachelor of Science degree and a
same firm. Based in Sweden, Mr Rodert         Master of Business Administration degree
has an in depth knowledge of continental      from the University of North Carolina.
European markets and is seasoned in
analyzing investment opportunities.
He holds a Master of Science Degree in
Business and Economics from Stockholm
University.




                                                                                                       PCCW Annual Report 2024   17
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)




Mr Muhseen previously worked in global
investment banks including Credit Suisse,
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and
JPMorgan in leading regional coverage
roles. He was Managing Director, Head
of Asia Insurance, Head of South-East
Asia Financial Institutions Group, and
Country Manager Sri Lanka at Credit Suisse
based in Singapore. In his investment
banking career spanning over 20 years,
Mr Muhseen has completed landmark
mergers and capital raising transactions in
excess of USD100 billion.

Mr Muhseen also has experiences at
the Sri Lankan government policy level,
working as a Team Leader at the National
Council for Economic Development (NCED)
under the Ministry of Finance as well as a
Director at the TAFREN presidential task
force for rebuilding the economy after the
2004 Tsunami.

Mr Muhseen holds a Masters in Economics
from the University of Colombo and a
Bachelor of Business Administration
(Hons) from Western Michigan University.
In addition, he has an Executive Diploma
in Directorship, Singapore Management
University.




Set out above are the directors of PCCW, and their biographical details, as at 21 February 2025.


18     PCCW Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

PCCW Limited (“PCCW” or the “Company”) is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance, the principles of which
serve to uphold a high standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of its business, and to ensure that its affairs
are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has adopted a Code of Conduct and a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy that apply
to all employees, including directors and officers, of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”).

The Code of Conduct sets out standards for the way in which employees should conduct the Group’s business in the following areas: civic
responsibilities, equal opportunities, preservation of company information and property, privacy of personal data, prevention of bribery,
conflicts of interest and ensuring health and safety at work. This policy also prescribes procedures to enable employees to raise concerns
with management and directors on a confidential basis.

The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy sets out standards for the way in which the Group should conduct its business to enhance its
positive contribution to society and the environment.

CORPORATE STRATEGY
PCCW, together with its listed subsidiary HKT Limited (“HKT”), creates and preserves shareholder value by investing prudently in integrated
solutions that enrich content offerings, expand connectivity and advance innovation across media, telecommunications and technology,
driving sustainable growth across its businesses.

Through PCCW Media, the Company delivers high-quality content, cultivates talent, and curates events that resonate with and engage
diverse audiences. By connecting with communities locally and internationally, PCCW strengthens its position as a leader in the media
sector while advancing cultural exchange.

Under HKT, the Company integrates fixed-line, broadband, mobile communications and pay TV services to offer a unique quadruple-play
experience in Hong Kong. It creates and preserves unitholder value through prudent investments that strengthen networks, improve coverage
and speed, and deliver premium content, ensuring market leadership and superior customer experiences. HKT’s enterprise-focused
ICT offerings empower businesses with advanced connectivity, system integration expertise and data-driven insights, while digital
ventures develop ecosystem-focused platforms that integrate fintech and lifestyle solutions. On a global scale, HKT extends its reach
through scalable, resilient communications infrastructure, bridging markets and enabling businesses to expand seamlessly across borders.

CULTURE
The Company strives to leverage our expertise in technology, media and telecommunications to raise the quality of lives of people,
help businesses thrive, and contribute to the sustainable development of our community. We embrace a culture of integrity, respect,
collaboration, inclusion and care, where our teams are committed to continuous innovation and pursuit of excellence for the good of the
Company and society at large. Our directors lead the drive to promote this culture across our organisation.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
PCCW has applied the principles and complied with all code provisions of the applicable Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) in
each case as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”) during the year ended 31 December 2024.

MODEL CODE SET OUT IN APPENDIX C3 TO THE LISTING RULES
The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions, namely the PCCW Code of Conduct for Securities
Transactions (the “PCCW Code”), which applies to all directors and employees of the Company on terms no less exacting than the required
standard indicated by the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

Having made specific enquiry of all directors of the Company, confirmations have been received of compliance with the required standard
set out in the Model Code and the PCCW Code during the year.

The directors’ and chief executives’ interests and short positions in the shares, share stapled units, underlying shares, underlying share
stapled units and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations are disclosed in the Report of the Directors of this annual
report.
                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024    19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for the management of the Company. Key responsibilities of the Board include formulation of the overall strategies
of the Group, the setting of management targets, and supervision of management performance. The Board confines itself to making broad
policy decisions and exercising a number of reserved powers as mentioned below, delegating responsibility for more detailed considerations
to the Executive Committee under the leadership of the Chairman of PCCW:

•    those functions and matters as set out in the terms of reference of various committees (as amended from time to time) for which Board
     approval must be sought from time to time;

•    those functions and matters for which Board approval must be sought in accordance with the Group’s internal policies (as amended
     from time to time);

•    consideration and approval of financial statements in the interim and annual reports, and announcements of interim and annual results;

•    consideration of dividend amounts in accordance with the dividend policy as adopted by the Board; and

•    monitoring of the corporate governance practices and procedures; and maintenance of appropriate and effective risk management and
     internal control systems of the Group to ensure compliance with applicable rules and regulations.

The Chairman of PCCW is Li Tzar Kai, Richard and the Acting Group Managing Director is Hui Hon Hing, Susanna. The role of the Chairman
is separate from that of the Acting Group Managing Director. The Chairman is responsible for ensuring the Board functions effectively,
providing leadership for the Board in setting objectives and strategies, and ensuring good corporate governance practices are enforced. The
Acting Group Managing Director is responsible for leading the management of the Company in conducting its business affairs in accordance
with the Company’s objectives, and implementing the Group’s strategies and policies. The Board’s composition is set out in the Report of
the Directors of this annual report.

All directors have full and timely access to all relevant information, including monthly updates from the management, regular reports
from various Board committees and briefings on significant legal, regulatory or accounting issues affecting the Group. Directors may take
independent professional advice, which will be paid for by the Company as appropriate.

The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for each financial year, which give a true and fair
view of the financial position of the Company and the Group and of the financial performance and cash flows of the Group for the year in
accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and the Listing Rules. In preparing the
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, the directors have selected suitable accounting policies and applied them
consistently; made judgements and estimates that are prudent and reasonable; stated the reasons for any significant departure from
applicable accounting standards in Hong Kong; and have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis. The statement of
the external auditor of the Company relating to its reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Company is set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.

As at the date of this report, the Board is comprised of 13 directors including two executive directors, five non-executive directors and
six independent non-executive directors. At least one-third of the Board are independent non-executive directors and at least one of them
has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise. Biographies of all the directors are
set out in the section headed “Board of Directors” in this annual report and are available on the Company’s website (www.pccw.com).
The relationships (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships), if any, among members of the Board have
also been disclosed in the Report of the Directors of this annual report.




20      PCCW Annual Report 2024
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

                             Number of
                              Directors
                                    14

                                    12                           Executive            >70               >20
                                               Female
                                    10
                                                                                     61-70
                                                                   Non-
                                    8                            Executive
                                                                                                       11-20
                                    6
                                                                                     51-60
                                                Male
                                    4                           Independent
                                                                    Non-
                                    2                             Executive                             0-10
                                                                                     41-50
                                    0
                                               Gender            Category             Age          Experience on
                                                                                                   PCCW Board
                                                                                                      (Years)


The Company has arranged appropriate directors and officers liability insurance cover for its directors and officers.

Biographies of senior corporate executives and heads of business units of the Group as at the date of this report are also available on the
Company’s website (www.pccw.com).

The Board held four meetings in 2024. The annual general meeting of the Company was held on 30 May 2024 with the attendance of the
external auditor to answer questions.

The following charts show the average meeting attendance rate in 2024 and the attendance of individual directors at the Board and its
committee meetings, and the annual general meeting held in 2024:

                                Average
                             Attendance
                            Rate in 2024
                                     (%)
                                                               100%
                                    100
                                                                                                           85%
                                                 82%                                         80%
                                     80

                                                                               60%
                                     60


                                     40


                                     20


                                        0
                                               Board          Audit         Nomination Remuneration      Annual
                                                            Committee       Committee   Committee        General
                                                                                                         Meeting




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024    21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                  Meetings attended/eligible to attend in 2024 (Note 1)
                                                                                                                                                                Annual
                                                                                            Audit            Nomination         Remuneration                   General
 Name                                                              Board                Committee            Committee            Committee                    Meeting
 Executive Directors
 Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                                  4/4                       N/A                  0/1                   N/A                    1/1
 Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                                                 4/4                       N/A                  N/A                   N/A                    1/1

 Non-Executive Directors
 Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                                                  4/4                       N/A                  N/A                   N/A                    1/1
 Tang Yongbo                                                           0/4 (Note 2)              N/A                  N/A                   N/A                    0/1
 Meng Shusen                                                           1/4                       N/A                  N/A                   0/1                    1/1
 Wang Fang (Note 3)                                                    0/2                       N/A                  0/1                   N/A                    0/1
 Wei Zhe, David                                                        4/4                       N/A                  N/A                   1/1                    1/1

 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Aman Mehta                                                            4/4                       4/4                  1/1                   1/1                    1/1
 Frances Waikwun Wong                                                  4/4                       N/A                  1/1                   1/1                    1/1
 Bryce Wayne Lee                                                       4/4                       4/4                  N/A                   1/1                    1/1
 Lars Eric Nils Rodert                                                 4/4                       4/4                  1/1                   N/A                    1/1
 David Christopher Chance                                              4/4                       N/A                  N/A                   N/A                    1/1
 Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed                                       4/4                       N/A                  N/A                   N/A                    1/1


Notes:
1. Directors may attend meetings in person, by telephone or through other means of video conference or by their alternate directors in accordance with the Company’s
    articles of association (the “Articles of Association”).

2.   Attendance at one meeting was by an alternate director of Tang Yongbo appointed in accordance with the Articles of Association which was not counted as
     attendance by the director himself in accordance with the requirements of the CG Code.

3.   Resigned as a Non-Executive Director and as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 28 June 2024.


The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive directors a confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers that all six independent non-executive directors as at the date of this report, namely Aman Mehta,
Frances Waikwun Wong, Bryce Wayne Lee, Lars Eric Nils Rodert, David Christopher Chance and Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed,
remain independent having regard to the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Please also refer to the details
disclosed in the section headed “Independent Non-Executive Directors” in the Report of the Directors of this annual report.

The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. A private meeting between
the Chairman and the independent non-executive directors takes place at least once each year, to provide an avenue for independent
views to be communicated to the Chairman directly. The Board also conducts an annual evaluation of its performance, whereby directors
anonymously submit their comments on the effectiveness of the Board and suggest areas for improvement. In addition, directors are
entitled to take independent professional advice as appropriate at the expense of the Company in order to facilitate proper discharge of
their duties.

According to the Articles of Association, any director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board
shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall be eligible for re-election at that
meeting. In addition, at each annual general meeting of the Company no less than one-third of the directors for the time being shall retire
from office by rotation provided that every director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation
at least once every three years. Apart from retirement by rotation pursuant to the Articles of Association, each non-executive director has a
term of three years. Therefore, no director will remain in office for a term of more than three years. The directors who shall retire from office
at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company are set out in the Report of the Directors of this annual report.


22       PCCW Annual Report 2024
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)
The Board has a structured process to evaluate its own performance and directors’ contribution on an annual basis including a
self-evaluation questionnaire which is completed by all directors. The objectives of the evaluation are to assess whether the Board and
the committees, as well as the directors have adequately and effectively performed its/their roles and fulfilled its/their responsibilities;
have devoted sufficient time commitment to the Company’s affairs and made contributions to the Board; and to recommend areas
for improvement. The evaluation process has confirmed that the Board and committees continue to operate effectively and that the
performance of the directors and the time commitment in discharging their duties as directors of the Company for the year ended
31 December 2024 were generally satisfactory.

DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Every newly appointed director of the Company will meet with fellow directors and senior management to assist him/her in understanding
the Company’s operations and business, and he/she will receive a tailored induction handbook containing the Company’s governance
structure, key policies and an overview of director’s responsibilities, as well as a briefing by a qualified professional on the general and
specific duties of a director under legal and regulatory requirements. Zhao Xingfu obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the
Listing Rules on 31 December 2024. He has confirmed that he understood his obligations as a director of the Company.

As part of an ongoing process of director’s continuous professional development (“CPD”) training, the directors of the Company are
regularly briefed on legal and regulatory requirements relevant to their duties through their participation in the training seminars organised
by the company secretary, and the operations, organisation and governance policies of the Group through regular meetings with
management. In addition to receiving regular updates on the Group’s business affairs, directors are also provided with reading materials
from time to time to help develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The company secretary organises seminars presented by qualified
professionals on relevant topics with emphasis on directors’ duties and responsibilities which count towards their CPD training.

According to the directors’ training records provided to the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024, the CPD training undertaken
by all directors during the year is summarised as below:

Name of Director                                                                                                 Type of CPD training (Note(s))
Current Directors
Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                                                                                                      (a), (b)
Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                                                                                                                     (a), (b)
Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                                                                                                                      (a), (b)
Tang Yongbo                                                                                                                                    (b)
Meng Shusen                                                                                                                                    (b)
Wei Zhe, David                                                                                                                            (a), (b)
Aman Mehta                                                                                                                                (a), (b)
Frances Waikwun Wong                                                                                                                      (a), (b)
Bryce Wayne Lee                                                                                                                                (b)
Lars Eric Nils Rodert                                                                                                                     (a), (b)
David Christopher Chance                                                                                                                       (b)
Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed                                                                                                           (a), (b)

Former Director
Wang Fang                                                                                                                                      (b)


Notes:
(a) participated in seminars/forums/conferences (including giving speeches)

(b) read seminar materials/journals/articles/business or industry updates




                                                                                                                    PCCW Annual Report 2024     23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD COMMITTEES


                                                           Board of Directors


                                                            Board Committees


                                                                                                                     Regulatory
        Executive                  Remuneration               Nomination                    Audit
                                                                                                                     Compliance
        Committee                   Committee                 Committee                   Committee
                                                                                                                     Committee


                                     Operational Committee
      Sub-committees


                                 Risk Management, Controls and
                                     Compliance Committee



                                    Sustainability Committee



The Board has established the following committees with defined terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Remuneration
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee are on no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code. The
Audit Committee has been structured to only include independent non-executive directors, and the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee have been structured to include a majority of independent non-executive directors.

Executive Committee and Sub-committees
The Executive Committee of the Board operates as a general management committee with overall delegated authority from the Board. The
Executive Committee determines Group strategies, reviews trading performance, ensures adequate funding, examines major investments
and monitors management performance. The Executive Committee reports through the Chairman to the Board.

The members of the Executive Committee during 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are the following two executive directors and
non-executive director, and a non-director member of management:
Li Tzar Kai, Richard (Chairman)
Hui Hon Hing, Susanna
Tang Yongbo

Reporting to the Executive Committee are sub-committees comprising of executive directors and members of senior management, who
oversee all key operating and functional areas within the Group. Each sub-committee has defined terms of reference covering its authority
and duties, meets and reports to the Executive Committee on a regular basis.

The Operational Committee is chaired by the Acting Group Managing Director and meets from time to time to direct the business units/
operations of PCCW group companies.




24     PCCW Annual Report 2024
BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Executive Committee and Sub-committees (continued)
The Risk Management, Controls and Compliance Committee, which reports to the Executive Committee, is comprised of senior members
of PCCW’s Group Finance, Group Legal Office and Corporate Secretariat, Group Communications, Group Internal Audit, and Group Risk
Management & Compliance departments. The committee reviews procedures for the preparation of PCCW’s annual and interim reports and
the Group’s policies from time to time to ensure compliance with the various rules and obligations imposed on it as a company listed on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and assists directors in the review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems of the Group on an ongoing basis.

The Sustainability Committee, which reports to the Executive Committee, is comprised of senior members of PCCW’s Group
Communications, Group Human Resources, Group Legal Office and Corporate Secretariat, Group Finance, Group Risk Management &
Compliance, Network Planning and Operations, Investor Relations, and Group Purchasing & Supply departments, as well as management
from individual business units. The committee ensures that the Company operates in a manner that enhances its positive contribution to
society and the environment. The committee is also responsible for reviewing the Company’s sustainability strategy, principles and policies;
setting guidance, direction and overseeing practices and procedures; and monitoring progress on the Company’s sustainability and related
activities.

Remuneration Committee
The Board established the Remuneration Committee in May 2003. The primary responsibility of the Remuneration Committee is to assist
the Board in achieving its objectives of attracting, retaining and motivating high-caliber directors and senior management and other
members of the Group who will underpin the success of the Company and enhance the value of the Company to shareholders.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing the establishment and operation of formal and transparent procedures for
developing the remuneration packages of directors and senior management of the Company and determining, with delegated responsibility,
the remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management of the Company and to make recommendations to
the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors. In addition, the committee provides effective supervision and administration of
the Company’s share option scheme, as well as other share incentive schemes. The committee’s authority and duties are set out in written
terms of reference that are posted on the Company’s website at www.pccw.com/ir and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Limited (“HKEX”) at www.hkexnews.hk. This committee is comprised of five members, being three independent non-executive directors
and two non-executive directors, and is chaired by an independent non-executive director.

The members of the Remuneration Committee during 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are:
Aman Mehta (Chairman)
Wei Zhe, David
Meng Shusen
Frances Waikwun Wong
Bryce Wayne Lee




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024   25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Remuneration Committee (continued)
The objective of the Company’s remuneration policy is to help establish fair and competitive remuneration packages based on our business
requirements and industry practice. In order to determine the level of remuneration and fees paid to members of the Board, market rates
and factors such as each director’s workload, responsibility and job complexity are taken into account. The following factors are considered
when determining the remuneration packages of directors and senior management of the Company:

•    business requirements;

•    individual performance and contribution to results;

•    company performance and profitability;

•    retention considerations and the potential of individuals;

•    corporate goals and objectives;

•    changes in relevant markets, including supply and demand fluctuations and changes in competitive conditions; and

•    general economic situation.

During the review process, no individual director is involved in decisions relating to his/her own remuneration.

The Remuneration Committee met once in 2024. The attendance of individual directors at the committee meeting is set out in the section
headed “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors” in this annual report.

The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during 2024 included:

(i) review and approval of the emoluments of executive directors and senior management, including 2023 performance bonus;

(ii) review and approval of the 2024 business key performance indicators and performance bonus scheme for executive director and senior
     management;

(iii) review of the proposed issue and allotment of new shares of the Company for grant of awards pursuant to the Company’s share award
      schemes, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

(iv) review of the expiration of existing share option scheme and adoption of new share option scheme and new share award scheme, with a
     recommendation to the Board subject to shareholders’ approval;

(v) review of the non-executive directors’ fees for 2024; and

(vi) review of the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee.

Details of emoluments of each director and senior executives are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.




26      PCCW Annual Report 2024
BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Nomination Committee
The Board established the Nomination Committee in May 2003. The primary objective of the Nomination Committee is to assist the Board
in ensuring a fair and transparent procedure for the appointment and re-appointment of directors to the Board, and maintaining a balance
of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives on the Board which are appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business. The duties of the Nomination Committee are set out in its written terms of reference which are posted on the websites of the
Company and HKEX.

The Board adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) with a primary objective to enhance the effectiveness of the Board
and the corporate governance standard through promoting and achieving diversity on the Board. The Group recognises the importance
of having a diverse team of Board members, and is committed to maintaining Board diversity that is free of harassment or discrimination,
which are essential elements in maintaining an effective Board.

The Group worked relentlessly in the past year towards our corporate objectives in diversity and inclusion. In 2024, our total workforce
gender diversity is at 42:58 female to male ratio. The gender diversity ratio for senior staff is at 32:68. We consider that at present there is
a reasonably high gender diversity in the Group’s workforce, and will continue to monitor the need to maintain or, if desired or necessary,
increase diversity to meet our corporate objectives.

The Board also adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) which sets out the procedures and criteria to be used by the
Nomination Committee for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of directors.

The Nomination Committee is delegated with the authority to review and assess the diversity of perspectives of the Board, develop
measurable objectives for achieving diversity of the Board and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination
Policy as appropriate. As at the date of this annual report, the female representation on the Board is 23%, which meets our current
expectations of gender diversity within the Board, and is on track to achieving the target set as a long-term objective under the Board
Diversity Policy. The implementation of the Board Diversity Policy is considered to be effective. The Nomination Committee is committed
to increasing gender diversity as and when suitable candidates are identified based on the Board Diversity Policy, and considers that
at present there is a reasonably high gender-diversity in the Board. The Nomination Committee will continue to monitor the need for
appointing members of a particular gender in order to maintain or, if desired or necessary, increase diversity. Both the Board Diversity
Policy and the Nomination Policy are available on the Company’s website.

In assessing the suitability of a candidate as well as considering the Board’s succession, the Nomination Committee will give consideration
to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, including the measurable objectives set for achieving diversity. Candidates will
be selected based on merit against objective criteria and with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board and other factors which
are relevant to the Company. The Nomination Committee will consider, among other things, the accomplishment, expertise, experience
and diversity of perspectives that the candidate can bring to the Board, and the candidate’s commitment in respect of available time
and relevant interests. The Nomination Committee will make recommendations to the Board on selection of candidate(s) nominated for
directorships. In the case of the appointment and re-appointment of independent non-executive directors, the Nomination Committee will
assess the independence of the appointees having regard to the criteria set out in the Listing Rules and make recommendations to the
Board with respect to their re-election by shareholders at general meetings.

The Nomination Committee is comprised of five members, being one executive director, one non-executive director and three independent
non-executive directors. It is chaired by an independent non-executive director.

As at the date of this annual report, the members of the Nomination Committee are:
Aman Mehta (Chairman)
Li Tzar Kai, Richard
Zhao Xingfu
Frances Waikwun Wong
Lars Eric Nils Rodert




                                                                                                                    PCCW Annual Report 2024    27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Nomination Committee (continued)
During the year and up to the date of this annual report, the following changes were made to the composition of the Nomination Committee:

(1) Wang Fang resigned as a member with effect from 28 June 2024; and

(2) Zhao Xingfu was appointed as a member with effect from 21 February 2025.

On 21 February 2025, the Nomination Committee, having reviewed the Board’s structure, size and composition, nominated Meng Shusen,
Zhao Xingfu, Wei Zhe, David, Aman Mehta and Lars Eric Nils Rodert to the Board for it to consider and recommend to shareholders
their re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The nominations were made in accordance with the Nomination Policy
and the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee was satisfied that each of Aman Mehta and Lars Eric Nils Rodert has the
required integrity, skills and knowledge to continue acting in an independent capacity and contributing to the diversity on the Board with
their unique combination of experience and knowledge as described in their biographies set out in this annual report. The Nomination
Committee formed the view that the Board has maintained an appropriate mix and balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of
perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee met once in 2024. The attendance of individual directors at the committee meeting is set out in the section
headed “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors” in this annual report.

The work performed by the Nomination Committee during 2024 included:

(i) review and assessment of the independence of all independent non-executive directors of the Company;

(ii) recommendation to the Board for approval of the list of retiring directors for re-election at the 2024 annual general meeting;

(iii) annual review of the structure, size and composition of the Board taking into account the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination
      Policy, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

(iv) review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy; and

(v) review of the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Board is responsible for assisting the Board to ensure objectivity and credibility of financial reporting, and that
the directors have exercised the care, diligence and skills prescribed by law when presenting the Group’s results to the shareholders. The
Audit Committee is also responsible for assisting the Board to ensure that effective risk management and internal control systems of the
Group are in place and good corporate governance standards and practices are maintained by the Group. The committee’s authority and
duties are set out in written terms of reference that are posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX.

The Audit Committee’s responsibilities also include the appointment, compensation and supervision of the external auditors. To oversee the
external auditors’ independence, procedures have been adopted by the Audit Committee for the monitoring and approval of all audit and
permitted non-audit services to be undertaken by the external auditors.

The Group’s external auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers (Certified Public Accountants and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor).
PricewaterhouseCoopers has written to the Audit Committee confirming that they are independent with respect to the Company and
that there is no relationship between PricewaterhouseCoopers and the Company which may reasonably be thought to bear on their
independence. In order to maintain the external auditor’s independence, it would only be employed for non-audit work if the work does not
compromise the external auditor’s independence and has been pre-approved by the Audit Committee.




28     PCCW Annual Report 2024
BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Audit Committee (continued)
During the year, the external auditor provided audit, audit related and permissible non-audit services to the Group. Audit services include
services provided in connection with the audit of the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Audit related services include services
such as issuance of special audit or assurance reports for regulatory purposes, where the external auditor is best placed to undertake in
its capacity as auditor. Permissible non-audit services include services such as tax compliance and tax planning, performing due diligence
service, issuing regulatory reports for note programme establishment, consulting on cybersecurity, data privacy, and environmental, social
and governance related matters, which require specific review and approval by the Audit Committee.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the fees paid or payable in respect of audit, audit related and permissible non-audit services
provided to the Group by the external auditor amounted to approximately HK$25 million, HK$2 million and HK$79 million, respectively.

On 19 February 2025, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers to conduct
statutory audits in respect of the Company for the financial year 2025 at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

The Audit Committee is comprised of three members, each of whom is an independent non-executive director.

The members of the Audit Committee during 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are:
Aman Mehta (Chairman)
Bryce Wayne Lee
Lars Eric Nils Rodert

The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources to discharge its duties and meets regularly with management, the internal auditor
and external auditor and also reviews their reports. During 2024, the committee met four times. The attendance of individual directors at
the committee meetings is set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report – Board of Directors” in this annual report.

The work performed by the Audit Committee during 2024 included:

(i)     review of the draft annual report and the draft annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2023, with a
        recommendation to the Board for approval;

(ii)    annual review and approval of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ confirmation of independence, its report to the Audit Committee and the
        draft management representation letter for the year ended 31 December 2023, with a recommendation to the Board for the
        re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers at the 2024 annual general meeting;

(iii)   review and assessment of effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems under the CG Code for the year ended
        31 December 2023, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

(iv)    annual review of the continuing connected transactions (including PricewaterhouseCoopers’ report on the continuing connected
        transactions) for the year ended 31 December 2023, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

(v)     review and approval of the Group Internal Audit reports (including the internal audit work plan) and the progress of the internal audit
        function made during 2024;

(vi)    review of the draft interim report and the draft interim results announcement for the six months ended 30 June 2024, with a
        recommendation to the Board for approval;

(vii) review and approval of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ confirmation of independence and its report to the Audit Committee for the six
      months ended 30 June 2024;

(viii) review and approval of the audit strategy memorandum for the year ending 31 December 2024;




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024    29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD COMMITTEES (CONTINUED)
Audit Committee (continued)
(ix) review and approval of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ draft audit engagement letter for the year ending 31 December 2024;

(x)    review and approval of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ pre-year end report to the Audit Committee for the year 2024;

(xi)   consideration and approval of the 2024 audit and non-audit services and pre-approval of the 2025 annual budget for audit and
       non-audit services;

(xii) review of the draft corporate governance report and practices for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the corporate governance
      disclosure for the six months ended 30 June 2024, in each case with a recommendation to the Board for approval;

(xiii) review of the draft environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) report for the year ended 31 December 2023, with a
       recommendation to the Board for approval;

(xiv) review and assessment of effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group during 2024;

(xv) review of the results of the directors’ self-evaluation and the Board’s self-assessment exercise for the year ended
     31 December 2023 to evaluate the performance of the Board, its committees, and directors’ contribution, with a recommendation to
     the Board for approval;

(xvi) review and monitoring of training and CPD for directors and senior management; and

(xvii) review of the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

Subsequent to the year end, the Audit Committee reviewed the draft annual report and the draft annual results announcement, the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, as well as the draft ESG report for the year ended
31 December 2024, with recommendations to the Board for approval.

Regulatory Compliance Committee
The Regulatory Compliance Committee of the Company is currently comprised of three members, being two independent non-executive
directors and one non-executive director. It primarily reviews and monitors the Group’s dealings with the CK Hutchison Holdings Limited
(“CK Hutchison”) Group and the CK Asset Holdings Limited (“CK Asset”) Group to ensure that all dealings with these entities are conducted
on an arm’s-length basis and do not raise any anti-competitive concerns under the Competition Ordinance. The Regulatory Compliance
Committee is chaired by an independent non-executive director. The written terms of reference setting out the committee’s authority and
duties are posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX.

The members of the Regulatory Compliance Committee during 2024 and up to date of this annual report are:
Frances Waikwun Wong (Chairperson)
David Christopher Chance
Tse Sze Wing, Edmund

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE OF NOW TV LIMITED
Now TV Limited (formerly known as PCCW Media Limited) (“Now TV”), previously an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has
become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of HKT since September 2020. The Regulatory Compliance Committee of Now TV is comprised
of the same members as the PCCW Regulatory Compliance Committee. It primarily reviews and monitors dealings of Now TV with the
CK Hutchison Group and the CK Asset Group to ensure that all dealings with these entities are conducted on an arm’s-length basis and do not
raise any anti-competitive concerns under the Competition Ordinance. It also monitors disqualified persons matters under the Broadcasting
Ordinance. The written terms of reference setting out the committee’s authority and duties are posted on the websites of the Company and
HKEX.




30      PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
Effective risk management and internal control systems are the fundamental principles of good corporate governance. The Board
acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems (including ESG risks and climate-related
risks) of the Group and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee for the purpose of dealing with identified
risks, safeguarding the issuer’s assets, preventing and detecting fraud, misconduct and loss, ensuring the accuracy of the issuer’s financial
reports and achieving compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its corporate
governance roles in overseeing the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management and internal controls, as well as the
resourcing of finance, internal audit and ESG performance and reporting functions.

Risk Management Culture
Risk management culture drives our shared common values, attitudes and responsible behaviours towards managing and monitoring
risks in the daily operating processes. A strong and effective risk management culture facilitates the Group to be informed of the decision-
making processes that embed risks. The Group has a well-instilled risk management culture to ensure that the operating units, as first
line risk owners, are accountable for identifying and managing the risks they have accepted with the corresponding control measures to
ensure there is a comprehensive process in place to manage those acceptable risks across different levels of business activity. In addition,
the Group Risk Management & Compliance (“GRM&C”) plays an oversight role in formulating and supervising the Group’s enterprise risk
management framework while providing advisory support to key business risk management decisions.




                                                                                                  Personal Ethics
                Behaviours                                                                              & Values
                & Attitudes
                                                                                                    Organisational
                                                                                                          Culture
                Risk Culture

Advocating the importance of installing culture in sound compliance and risk management across the Group, our ethical standards have
been reinforced by a comprehensive scope of Group policies and procedures and all Group members, including directors, officers, and
employees, who must adhere to a set of behaviour standards that goes beyond the local statutory requirements.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024   31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Risk Management Culture (continued)
Code of Conduct                          The Code of Conduct (the “Code”) comprises a set of rules adopted by Group’s Board of
                                         Directors and applies to all employees, including directors and senior officers, to maintain the
                                         highest standards of honesty and integrity across the Group.

                                         The Code is established to set out the important principles to achieve and to adhere to high
                                         professional standard and ethical behaviour in all aspects of its business, and to ensure that
                                         its affairs are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as taken
                                         into consideration of social and environmental needs for achieving sustainable business and
                                         strategic long-term success.

Procedures in handling and               The Group regulates the handling and dissemination of inside information as set out in the Code
dissemination of inside information      of Conduct and various supplementary procedures are in place to ensure inside information
(part of Code of Conduct)                remains confidential until the disclosure of such information is appropriately approved, and the
                                         dissemination of such information is efficiently and consistently made.

Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and   The Board has zero tolerance towards any form of bribery and corruption at any level in
Procedure Manual                         association with any aspect of the Group’s activities. Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
                                         (“ABC Policy”) provides principles for all directors, officers, employees, and external parties
                                         acting in any capacity on behalf of the Group to conduct business with integrity and honesty
                                         and to reduce the risk of corruption. Furthermore, an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Procedure
                                         Manual (“Procedure Manual”) has also been developed to provide detailed guidance on
                                         mitigating potential bribery and corruption risks in conjunction with the ABC Policy while
                                         maintaining the highest possible ethical standards in its business practice. In furtherance of this
                                         commitment, the Group has enhanced disclosure and transparency with effective anti-bribery
                                         and corruption framework in place by releasing the Statement of ABC Policy which cites the key
                                         principles of ABC Policy and Procedure Manual on the Company’s website.

Whistleblower Policy and Procedure       The Audit Committee has established and overseen a whistleblower policy and procedure
Manual                                   manual, including a set of comprehensive procedures whereby employees, customers,
                                         suppliers and other concerned parties can report any actual or suspected occurrence of
                                         improper conduct involving a member of the Group, and for such matters to be investigated
                                         and dealt with efficiently in an appropriate, transparent and independent manner while the
                                         confidentiality of the whistleblower will be properly protected.

                                         Upon receipt of the case through the official notification channels, the Head of Group Internal
                                         Audit (“GIA”) will conduct an initial assessment on the nature and materiality of the case. The
                                         Head of GIA shall notify the Acting Group Managing Director and the Group Chief Financial
                                         Officer, who shall collaboratively determine the appropriate “Case Manager” assignment for the
                                         endorsement of the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

                                         The Case Manager is typically an independent and appropriate senior member of the
                                         Company’s staff of relevant Corporate Functions.

                                         The Case Manager should notify the Head of GIA immediately when the investigation is
                                         completed, together with details of any disciplinary and/or corrective action(s) determined. The
                                         report shall be provided to the Head of GIA for collation and reporting to the Risk Management,
                                         Controls and Compliance Committee (“RMCCC”) for their consideration and further reporting to
                                         the Audit Committee of the Company as they deem appropriate.




32     PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Risk Management Culture (continued)
Personal Data Privacy Policy                  The Personal Data Privacy Policy is in place to guide the Group’s collection, processing and
                                              retention of personal data throughout the personal data lifecycle. As part of the Group’s efforts
                                              to improve protection of personal data held, this policy was updated in 2024. The updated
                                              policy ensures that the Group’s data privacy risk management is reflective of the evolving
                                              regulatory landscape and data subjects’ data privacy rights are upheld.

Information Technology Security Policy        The Information Technology Security Policy sets forth rules and practices for Group’s
                                              employees, contractors and third-party users to follow, including the specification of security
                                              requirements that are mandatory for all Group’s computing environments. This policy is
                                              approved by the RMCCC and outlines the IT security control requirements with four general
                                              categories – Organisation, Physical, Technology and People. The Information Technology
                                              Security Policy has been updated to refine and supplement the IT security control standards by
                                              aligning with the latest industrial best practices (e.g.: ISO 27001:2022, PCI DSS).

Governance Structure and Enterprise Risk Management Framework
The Group has established an organisational structure with defined levels of responsibility, reporting and escalation procedures. The
RMCCC and GIA assist the Board and/or the Audit Committee in reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems on an ongoing basis. The Board, through these committees, is kept regularly apprised of the significant risks that may have
impacts on the Group’s performance.

Appropriate policies and controls have been designed and established by the Group to ensure that assets are safeguarded against improper
use or disposal, while relevant rules and regulations are being adhered to and complied with, including reliable financial and accounting
records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting requirements, as well as key risks that
may impact the Group’s reputation and performance are appropriately identified and managed. The systems and internal controls can only
provide reasonable, though not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss, as they are designed to mitigate rather than
eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.

The Group’s enterprise risk management framework is guided by the “Three Lines of Defence” model as shown below:


                                                              Board of Directors




                                                                                 Audit Committee




                                    Senior Management                                                                                    External Auditor
                 (supported by Risk Management, Controls and Compliance Committee)




                    Business and Function Units                Group Risk Management                      Group Internal Audit
                                                                    & Compliance
                         (Risk Ownership)                         (Risk Oversight)                          (Risk Assurance)



                    1st Line of Defence                       2nd Line of Defence                     3rd Line of Defence

                                  Reporting, Accountability      Oversight, Direction, Delegation, Resources, Transparency




                                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024      33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Governance Structure and Enterprise Risk Management Framework (continued)
The First Line of Defence is responsible for regularly identifying and managing risk as part of their accountability for achieving business and
operational objectives where it also designs and executes internal control measures on a daily basis. Being the risk owners, the First Line of
Defence is responsible for monitoring and updating the risk profiles on an ongoing basis which are measured against a pre-defined set of
likelihood and impact criteria.

The Second Line of Defence provides the policies, frameworks, tools, techniques and advisory support to enable risk and compliance
oversight of the First Line of Defence while ascertaining the relevant embedded controls are effective, as well as ensuring the consistency of
categorisation and measurement of risk attributes. The risk management process integrates both top-down and bottom-up approaches to
enable the identification, evaluation and management of risks holistically. Mitigation controls will be implemented where opportunities for
enhancing the existing control environment arise. This process is reviewed regularly by the Audit Committee and the RMCCC such that any
material changes in the nature or extent of the key risks will be reported to the Board.

The Third Line of Defence provides the Board, executive and senior management of the Group with assurance in an independent and
objective manner. Such assurance work covers the effectiveness of governance, risk management and internal controls, including the
manner which the First and Second Lines of Defence operate in achieving firm-wide risk management and control objectives.

GRM&C is responsible for the supervision of enterprise risk management activities while reviewing significant aspects of risk exposures
to the Group through reporting to the Audit Committee at each regularly scheduled meeting, including key risks of the Group and the
appropriate mitigation and/or transfer of identified risks. GRM&C is responsible for managing the Group risk portfolio while working with the
Audit Committee to ensure that the risk registers are kept current, factual and consistent across all operating units. The operating units of
the Group, as risk owners, identify, evaluate, mitigate and monitor their own risks, and report such risk management activities to GRM&C on
a regular basis. GRM&C assesses and presents regular reports to the RMCCC at each regularly scheduled meeting.

GIA adopts a risk-based audit approach. The annual work plan of GIA covers the key risks affecting major activities and processes of
the Group’s and its subsidiaries’ operations, businesses and service units. Special reviews are also performed at the request of senior
management. The results of these audit activities and recommendations for improvement are communicated to key members of executive
and senior management of the Group when needed, as well as upon completion. Additionally, the results of the audit activities are
communicated to the Audit Committee at each regularly scheduled meeting throughout the year. Audit issues are closely tracked and
followed up for proper implementation such that progress is reported to the Audit Committee, executive and senior management of the
Group periodically.

GIA maintains primary accountability to the Board and is independent from the responsibilities of management. The Head of GIA reports
functionally to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and administratively to the Acting Group Managing Director and the Group Chief
Financial Officer.

The senior management of the Group, supported by the RMCCC, GRM&C and GIA, is responsible for the design, implementation and
monitoring of the enterprise risk management and internal control systems, and for providing regular reports to the Board and/or the Audit
Committee on the effectiveness of these systems.




34     PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Governance Structure and Enterprise Risk Management Framework (continued)
The Group incorporates the principles of ISO 31000:2018 Risk Management – Guidelines as its overarching approach to manage its
business and operational risks. The following diagram illustrates the key processes used to identify, evaluate and manage the Group’s
significant risks:



  6                                                                                                                                           1
        Risk Management Training                                                  Risk Portfolio
        GRM&C arranges and facilitates risk management related
                                                                                  Supplemented by the involvement of GRM&C, a risk
        trainings to employees to provide an overview of key risks
                                                                                  portfolio has been developed to determine the risk
        and compliance issues, to highlight relevant company
                                                                                  levels that are acceptable to the Group in pursuit of its
        policy standards, allowing employees to understand the
                                                                                  strategic objectives.
        Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework




  5                                                                                                                                           2
        Independent
        Assessment
        GIA performs independent
                                                                  6         1                                 Risk Identification
                                                                                                              and Assessment
        assessment over the
        effectiveness of risk                                                                                  Business Units identify
        management systems of                                                                                  risks that may potentially
        the Group and reports
        regularly to the Board
                                                        5                             2                        affect the achievement of
                                                                                                               business objectives,
        and/or Audit Committee                                                                                 analyse and evaluate the
        according to its annual                                                                                significance of such risks.
        audit plan to provide
        independent assurance on
        the effectiveness of risk
        management function.
                                                                  4         3

  4     Risk Monitoring and Reporting
                                                                                                                                              3
        Business Units monitor risk mitigation activities. GRM&C                    Risk Control and Mitigation
        tracks risk assessment and mitigation progress and reports
        the consolidated view of risks regularly to Audit Committee                 Business Units evaluate the adequacy of existing
        and other sub-committees as appropriate; and shares risk                    controls, determine and implement mitigation plans.
        knowledge across Business Units to foster the risk manage-
        ment culture at all levels within the Group.



The Group has adopted policies and procedures for assessing and, where prudent, improving the effectiveness of its enterprise risk
management and internal control systems, including the requirement for executive management of the Group to regularly assess, and at
least annually to certify that such aforementioned matters are deemed appropriate and functioning effectively with the view that they will
further enhance the corporate governance of the Group and its business practices.




                                                                                                                    PCCW Annual Report 2024   35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Governance Structure and Enterprise Risk Management Framework (continued)
The Group has embedded its risk management systems in the daily operating practices. On a continuous basis, the respective operating
units of the Group review and assess the status of potential risks which may impact their business objectives and/or those of the Group.
This review process includes assessment of whether the existing internal control system remains relevant and effective, while adequately
addressing potential risks, and/or should be supplemented.

The diagram below demonstrates the ongoing risk assessment process adopted by the Group:


     Risk owners evaluate the effectiveness of
                                                                                                                    Risk owners identify risks that currently
     the existing controls and determine
                                                                                                                    and/or potentially affect the daily
     whether further remedial actions are
                                                                     n                     Ris                      business activities of the functional
     required to mitigate these risks to an                       tio                         k                     and/or business units
     acceptable risk level
                                                    Risk E
                                                                                                            ation
                                                                                                       tific
                                                          val
                                                                                                     en
                                                             ua             Risk
                                                                         Assessment                Id
                                                                           Process


                                                                         R is k                s
                                                                                  A n aly si


                                                 Risk owners analyse the existing risk profile
                                                 (including ESG and climate-related risks)
                                                 and report to the GRM&C via the Group’s
                                                 ERM system



Our key risk monitoring activities are conducted on an ongoing basis by risk owners who review and monitor the remedial actions of their
respective operating units. Review results are recorded in the operating units risk registers for tracking and incorporated into the Group’s
consolidated repository for analysis of potential strategic implications and regularly reporting to senior management and directors of
the Group. During the reporting period, there were no significant changes in the assessment of risks (including ESG risks) and the risk
management and internal control systems.




36      PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Review of the effectiveness of the Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Group has implemented processes to undertake extensive testing of its internal controls, and there is an annual certification process in
place to support the assessment of the effectiveness of its enterprise risk management and internal control systems.

During 2024, GRM&C worked closely with the operating units and senior management to further enhance the enterprise risk management
systems including such activities, among other matters, providing training sessions and risk workshops to cope with the latest Listing Rules;
further standardising risk reporting narrative, classification, and quantification; and closer aligning assessment of internal controls with the
inherent risks embedded in the business. GRM&C presented reports to the Audit Committee where they were reviewed and distributed
to the Board. The same reports highlighted the Group risk portfolio while assisting the directors in the review of the effectiveness of the
enterprise risk management and internal control systems of the Group throughout the year.

Over the same period, GIA reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s and its subsidiaries’ risk management and internal control systems,
with scope covering all material risks and controls over financial, operational and compliance controls with emphases on information
technology and security, data privacy and protection, third party management and regulatory compliance. Additionally, as part of the annual
internal audit planning process, GIA reviewed the risks of business and corporate functions of the Group and its subsidiaries to complete
their evaluation of their respective internal controls.

The Audit Committee and the Board were not aware of any areas of concern that would have a material impact on the financial position or
results of operations of the Group and confirmed that the enterprise risk management and internal control systems to be generally effective
and adequate, including the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and the budget of accounting,
financial reporting, GRM&C and GIA functions as well as other corporate functions pertaining to the Group’s ESG performance and
reporting, for dealing with identified risks, safeguarding the issuer’s assets, preventing and detecting fraud, misconduct and loss, ensuring
the accuracy of the issuer’s financial reports and achieving compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Both the Board and the
Audit Committee remained satisfied that the internal risk control framework implemented by the Group continues to provide the necessary
elements of enabling business flexibility without compromising the integrity of risk management and internal control systems.

In addition to the review of enterprise risk management and internal controls undertaken within the Group, the external auditor also
assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal controls as part of their annual statutory audits. Where
appropriate, the external auditor’s recommendations are adopted and enhancements to the risk management and internal controls would
be made.

Further information on risk management and internal controls adopted and implemented by the Group is available under the “Corporate
Governance” section on the Company’s website.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties
The ability of the Group to manage risks, including ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities in accordance with the latest
requirements of the Listing Rules, has been continuously evolving through focusing on risk management capabilities, ensuring that they
remain robust where risks are timely identified, assessed and mitigated effectively.

The table below shows the principal risks and uncertainties encountered by the Group and its corresponding key mitigating strategies.
These risks may adversely and/or materially affect the overall business performance, financial conditions, operations and growth prospects
of the Group if they are not managed properly. These principal risks listed below are not exhaustive or comprehensive, and there may
be other risks which are not known to the Group or may not be material at this juncture but could turn out to become material in the
future. Due to the pace and nature at which risks are evolving, the Group remains vigilant in addressing areas of concern while developing
appropriate control measures.




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024   37
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)


Risk                         Risk Level Trend in 2024 Description                       Key Mitigation Strategies

Technology Risk
Cybersecurity Threat                                  The Group relies on a sound       Group Information and Cybersecurity Council
                                                      IT infrastructure and operating   (“GICSC”) oversees all cybersecurity-
                                                      environment in supporting         related initiatives, investments and ongoing
                                                      all aspects of its business,      maintenance pertaining to the protection of the
                                                      including handling of customer    Group’s core infrastructure including networks,
                                                      data, personal information and    servers and endpoints.
                                                      other sensitive commercial
                                                      data which are susceptible to     The Group continues to monitor suspicious
                                                      cybersecurity threats.            activity to combat cyberattacks by subscribing
                                                                                        Attack Surface Management and Continuous
                                                                                        Automated Red Teaming solution, as well as
                                                                                        bounty hunting platform for in-depth threat
                                                                                        assessment.

                                                                                        Furthermore, besides joining the taskforce
                                                                                        allied with government authorities and other
                                                                                        telcos to tackle scams taking place in
                                                                                        Hong Kong on an on-going basis, throughout
                                                                                        the year, the Group has conducted
                                                                                        scenario-based cybersecurity drill simulation
                                                                                        to facilitate the Corporate Incident Response
                                                                                        Team’s familiarisation with cybersecurity
                                                                                        incident response handling processes and
                                                                                        communicate important considerations during
                                                                                        different phases of incident response.

Information Security and                              With the Group’s                  The Group has been closely monitoring the
Data Protection                                       comprehensive digital             latest legislation in relation to information
                                                      ecosystem, information            security and data protection to identify any
                                                      security and customer data        potential impact on the Group business going
                                                      privacy protection are two of     forward. During the year, the Group policies,
                                                      the material risk attributes      namely Information Technology Security
                                                      recognised.                       Policy and Personal Data Privacy Policy
                                                                                        have been updated to ensure an alignment
                                                                                        between Group information security standards
                                                                                        and our data privacy obligations as well as
                                                                                        increasing awareness of proper governance and
                                                                                        compliance responsibilities across the business.




38     PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)


Risk                        Risk Level Trend in 2024 Description                          Key Mitigation Strategies

Technology Risk
  (continued)
Technology Trend                                     New technologies including           The Group has been staying vigilant in
                                                     generative artificial intelligence   identifying potential vulnerabilities, while
                                                     (AI) and other market forces         ensuring effective governance and oversight
                                                     may outpace the ability of           in addressing regulatory requirements and
                                                     the Group to face emerging           technology risk using enhanced technology
                                                     technological complexity and         assessment framework on AI adoption in
                                                     new customer experience.             accordance with the strategic roadmap and
                                                                                          priorities of the Group.

Regulatory and Legal Risk
Non-compliance with Laws                             The Group operates in                The Group has conducted a series of Group
and Regulations                                      markets and industries               initiatives with the commitment to meet the
                                                     requiring compliance with            highest standards of corporate governance
                                                     legal and regulatory standards       and recognise the value in building trust with
                                                     adopted in various sectors,          our global business partners and stakeholders,
                                                     as well as jurisdictions, such       including reinforcing effective control
                                                     as telecommunications,               requirements over new business initiatives
                                                     broadcasting, rules that govern      as well as reaffirming the essentials in having
                                                     the use of personal data,            mutual business agreements with vendors on
                                                     financial related services, etc.     equal footing.

Project Risk
Project Management                                   To attain the sustainable growth     The Group has been providing on-going risk
                                                     of the Group and to create long-     management support to business units on
                                                     term value for stakeholders,         strategic projects and advising proper protocol
                                                     there are different scale            of project risk assessment to ensure effective
                                                     business projects initiated. The     mitigation controls in place for addressing key
                                                     operating units must manage          risk items with significant impact(s) on overall
                                                     the projects effectively to          project delivery schedule.
                                                     ensure timeliness and quality of
                                                     deliverables.




                                                                                                             PCCW Annual Report 2024     39
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)


Risk                         Risk Level Trend in 2024 Description                          Key Mitigation Strategies

People Risk
Employee Retention and                                As a prominent multi-service         The Group has established training,
Talent Development                                    and technologies provider, a         performance management and reward
                                                      proactive review approach of         programmes to retain, develop and motivate
                                                      workforce strategy in retaining      staff members as well as developing succession
                                                      and developing the best              planning to avoid any major disruption resulting
                                                      people with the right skills and     from the loss of key employees. Furthermore,
                                                      attitudes across all levels is the   the Group has continued to support staff
                                                      key, and to further enhance          initiative projects, advising on reputational
                                                      the scaling of our people in         and regulatory compliance risk in particular to
                                                      accordance with business and         privacy compliance, and to ensure its workflow
                                                      operational requirements.            and those embedded operational risks are
                                                                                           properly managed by Group Human Resources.
                                                                                           This will ensure continuity of business strategy
                                                                                           while fostering a culture of strength.

Operational Risk
Business Interruption                                 Business interruption due to         The Group has adopted a Business Continuity
                                                      external factors beyond control.     Management Policy and Corporate Incident
                                                                                           Response Plan to ensure any significant
                                                                                           corporate incidents reported/escalated are
                                                                                           handled promptly with care and in a cautious
                                                                                           manner to protect our staff with the readiness
                                                                                           to resume normal operations and mobilising
                                                                                           resources to bolster recovery and growth.




40     PCCW Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)


Risk                       Risk Level Trend in 2024 Description                    Key Mitigation Strategies

Third-Party Vendor                                  Business interruption due to   Effective vendor risk management with
                                                    third-party service failure.   periodic due diligence and ongoing monitoring,
                                                                                   diversification of supply chain and technologies
                                                                                   deployment through sourcing and working
                                                                                   with multiple vendors operating in different
                                                                                   jurisdictions to mitigate residual risk exposure
                                                                                   while achieving diversification without relying on
                                                                                   a single vendor.

Market Risk
Market Competition                                  The Group operates in          The Group has operated in this competitive
                                                    markets and industries where   landscape for over twenty years and continued
                                                    the regulatory environment     to strive to compete primarily based on
                                                    promotes competition and       attributes such as functionality, coverage, time
                                                    consumer protection. During    to market, ease of integration, pricing, and
                                                    the year, market competition   quality of products and services, as well as
                                                    further intensified due to     longstanding market experience, goodwill and
                                                    technological innovation       reputation.
                                                    emerging in the marketplace,
                                                    such as generative AI.         Furthermore, we have leveraged the networking
                                                                                   of the Group’s other operating units to enable
                                                                                   more cross selling opportunities, as well as
                                                                                   customer feedback management, and the
                                                                                   adoption of AI tools in Group’s operations
                                                                                   aiming to continue to contribute towards
                                                                                   community’s needs and emerging technology
                                                                                   applications in pursuit of a sustainable future.




                                                                                                      PCCW Annual Report 2024    41
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONTINUED)
Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)


Risk                         Risk Level Trend in 2024 Description                          Key Mitigation Strategies

Strategic Risk
Innovation and Adoption                               Driven by the commitment             The Group has newly set up GenAI Taskforce
                                                      to innovation for impact,            during the year to drive new strategic
                                                      the Group has continued its          imperatives and monitor any risk and
                                                      business progression to a broad      compliance challenges due to AI adoption.
                                                      array of innovative solutions
                                                      by presenting future-oriented
                                                      initiatives for customers.

Political Landscape                                   The multinational footprint of       By constantly monitoring the development
                                                      the Group spans in several           of political landscape and reviewing revenue
                                                      jurisdictions. Changes in            trends through diversified portfolio of leading
                                                      the macroeconomy due to              media and telecom businesses into other
                                                      geopolitical uncertainty and         industry segments such as FinTech and
                                                      policy driven currency and           HealthTech, the Group continues to explore
                                                      interest rate fluctuations may       more strategic business opportunities on
                                                      expose the Group to potential        different technology platforms and geographical
                                                      financial and strategic risks.       locations.

Failure of Strategy                                   The current business                 The Group’s considerable internal knowledge
                                                      model envisages growth,              and subject matter expertise, together with
                                                      whether by way of organic            external advisors where appropriate, can
                                                      growth or through new                provide any necessary information and
                                                      business amalgamation or             guidance on relevant matters and pending
                                                      strategic investments, in            changes that may have an adverse impact on
                                                      telecommunications and/or            the franchise value of the Group.
                                                      technology sectors.


Risk Level Trending Legend
           Risk level remains broadly the same                Risk level trending upward              Risk level trending downward
           New risk




42     PCCW Annual Report 2024
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms Cheung Hok Chee, Vanessa has been appointed the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary of the Company since
October 2021. She is also the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary of HKT Management Limited (the trustee-manager of the
HKT Trust) and HKT. All directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary, who is responsible for ensuring that
the Board procedures are followed, advising the Board on all corporate governance matters, and arranging induction programmes including
briefings on the general and specific duties of directors under legal and regulatory requirements for newly appointed directors. The
company secretary facilitates the induction and professional development of directors.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, Ms Cheung has received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training to refresh her
skills and knowledge.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures to convene a general meeting and put forward proposals at general meetings
Shareholder(s) representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the Company having a right to vote at general
meetings may request the directors to call a general meeting of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The
request must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with, and may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved
and is intended to be moved at the general meeting. The request may be sent to the Company at the registered office of the Company in
hard copy form or in electronic form for the attention of the company secretary, and must be authenticated by the person(s) making it.

Shareholders can refer to the detailed requirements and procedures as set forth in the relevant sections of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance and the Articles of Association when making any requisitions or proposals for transaction at the general meetings of the
Company.

Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may send enquiries to the Board in writing c/o the Corporate Secretariat with the following contact details:

Attention:      Company Secretary
Address:        41st Floor, PCCW Tower, Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
Fax:            +852 2962 5725
Email:          co.sec@pccw.com

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company is committed to promoting and maintaining effective communication with the shareholders (both individual and institutional).
A Shareholders Communication Policy has been adopted for ensuring the Company’s shareholders and, in appropriate circumstances, the
investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the
Company in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow shareholders and the investment
community to engage actively with the Company. The Shareholders Communication Policy is available on the Company’s website
(www.pccw.com/ir).

The Company encourages two-way communications with institutional and retail investors, as well as financial and industry analysts.
Extensive information on the Company’s activities is provided in the annual and interim reports and circulars which are sent to the
shareholders and are also available on the websites of the Company and HKEX.

In addition to despatching this annual report to the shareholders, financial and other information relating to the Group and its business
activities is disclosed on the Company’s website in order to promote effective communication.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024    43
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
Regular dialogue takes place with the investment community. Inquiries from individuals on matters relating to their shareholdings and the
business of the Company are dealt with in an informative and timely manner. The relevant contact information is provided in the section
headed “Investor Relations” in this annual report and also provided in the Shareholders Communication Policy. Based on the information
set out in the above paragraphs, the implementation of the Shareholders Communication Policy is considered to be effective.

The Board approved and adopted a dividend policy in November 2018 which sets out its overall objective to deliver steady and sustainable
returns to its shareholders. In proposing any dividend payment, the Board will take into account a number of factors which include the
Group’s financial position and results of operation, the distributions received from its subsidiaries (including from the HKT Trust) and other
investments, the funding needs for the operation and expansion of the Group’s businesses, the prevailing economic and market conditions,
and other factors the Board may consider relevant and appropriate. In general, the dividend payment for a financial year will be made on a
semi-annual basis. The policy states the current intention of the Board which is subject to change.

The annual general meeting of the Company will be held in 2025 for which reasonable notice will be given in compliance with applicable
requirements. At the meeting, directors will be available to answer questions on the Group’s business and external auditor will be available
to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and the
auditor independence.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2024, there was no change made to the constitutional document of the Company. A copy of the
constitutional document is available on the websites of the Company and HKEX.

By order of the Board



Cheung Hok Chee, Vanessa
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 21 February 2025




44     PCCW Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

■   Viu subscriber base grew by 17% to reach 15.5 million5 with strong growth
    recorded in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand

■   Free TV & Related Business revenue crossed HK$1 billion mark on the back of
    strong performance in artiste management and event business

■   Revenue increased 3% to HK$37,557 million
    ○   HKT revenue excluding Mobile product sales increased by 2% to
        HK$32,031 million
    ○   OTT Business revenue reached HK$2,458 million
    ○   Free TV & Related Business revenue up by 11% to HK$1,057 million

■   EBITDA increased to HK$12,849 million
    ○   HKT EBITDA up 3% to HK$13,743 million
    ○   OTT Business recorded EBITDA of HK$398 million
    ○   Free TV & Related Business EBITDA resilient at HK$192 million

■   Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year narrowed
    significantly to HK$300 million

■   Final dividend of 28.48 HK cents per ordinary share resulting in full-year dividend
    of 38.25 HK cents per ordinary share




                                                                      PCCW Annual Report 2024   45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




FINANCIAL REVIEW BY SEGMENT

For the year ended 31 December                           2023                               2024                    Better/
HK$ million                                                                                                        (Worse)
                                                  H1        H2        Full Year      H1         H2     Full Year     y-o-y

Revenue
HKT                                            16,400    17,930        34,330     16,669    18,084      34,753          1%
   HKT (excluding Mobile Product Sales)        15,247    16,123        31,370     15,683    16,348      32,031          2%
   Mobile Product Sales                         1,153     1,807         2,960        986     1,736       2,722        (8)%
OTT Business                                      971     1,481         2,452      1,089     1,369       2,458           –
Free TV & Related Business                        390       562           952        480       577       1,057        11%
Other Businesses                                  369       398           767        373       430         803          5%
Eliminations                                   (1,280)     (874)       (2,154)      (913)     (601)     (1,514)       30%

Consolidated revenue                           16,850    19,497        36,347     17,698    19,859      37,557         3%

Cost of sales                                  (8,292)   (9,824)      (18,116)    (8,939)   (10,188)   (19,127)       (6)%
Operating costs before depreciation,
  amortisation, and (losses)/gains
  on disposal of property, plant and
  equipment and right-of-use assets, net
  (“operating costs”)                          (2,927)   (2,473)        (5,400)   (3,087)    (2,494)     (5,581)      (3)%

EBITDA1
HKT                                             6,009     7,391        13,400      6,168     7,575      13,743         3%
OTT Business                                      165       427           592        229       169         398      (33)%
Free TV & Related Business                         83       107           190         91       101         192         1%
Other Businesses                                 (294)     (403)         (697)      (309)     (437)       (746)      (7)%
Eliminations                                     (332)     (322)         (654)      (507)     (231)       (738)     (13)%

Consolidated EBITDA1                            5,631     7,200        12,831      5,672     7,177      12,849           –

Consolidated EBITDA1 Margin                      33%       37%            35%       32%        36%         34%

Depreciation                                   (1,308)   (1,495)        (2,803)   (1,267)    (1,279)     (2,546)       9%
Amortisation                                   (2,499)   (2,561)        (5,060)   (2,417)    (2,508)     (4,925)       3%
(Losses)/Gains on disposal of property,
  plant and equipment and
  right-of-use assets, net                         –            (2)         (2)      10            –         10        n/a

Operating Profit                                1,824     3,142         4,966      1,998     3,390       5,388         8%

Other gains, net                                  218        63            281       184        255         439       56%
Interest income                                    87        78            165        68         65         133     (19)%
Finance costs                                  (1,153)   (1,508)        (2,661)   (1,390)    (1,427)     (2,817)     (6)%
Share of results of associates and
   joint ventures                                (102)     (150)          (252)     (183)     (172)        (355)    (41)%

Profit before income tax                          874     1,625          2,499       677      2,111       2,788       12%
Income tax                                       (362)      (47)          (409)     (326)      (521)       (847)   (107)%
Holders of perpetual capital securities          (118)     (117)          (235)     (117)      (117)       (234)        –
Non-controlling interests                        (880)   (1,446)        (2,326)     (696)    (1,311)     (2,007)      14%

(Loss)/Profit attributable to equity holders
  of the Company                                 (486)       15           (471)     (462)      162         (300)      36%



46     PCCW Annual Report 2024
Note 1
         EBITDA represents earnings before interest income, finance costs, income tax, depreciation and amortisation, gains/losses on disposal of property, plant and
         equipment, interests in leasehold land, right-of-use assets and intangible assets, net other gains/losses, losses on property, plant and equipment, restructuring costs,
         impairment losses on goodwill, tangible and intangible assets and interests in associates and joint ventures, and the Group’s share of results of associates and joint
         ventures. While EBITDA is commonly used in the telecommunications industry worldwide as an indicator of operating performance, leverage and liquidity, it is not
         presented as a measure of operating performance in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) and should not be considered
         as representing net cash flows from operating activities. The computation of the Group’s EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other
         companies.

Note 2
         Gross debt refers to the principal amount of short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings.

Note 3
         Group capital expenditure includes additions to property, plant and equipment and interests in leasehold land.

Note 4
         Adjusted funds flow is defined as EBITDA less capital expenditures, customer acquisition costs and licence fees paid, taxes paid, finance costs and interest expense
         paid, and adjusted for interest income received and changes in working capital. It is not presented as a measure of leverage or liquidity in accordance
         with HKFRSs and should not be considered as representing net cash flows or any other similar measures derived in accordance with HKFRSs, or an alternative to
         cash flow from operations or a measure of liquidity. HKT’s AFF is computed in accordance with the above definition using financial information derived from
         HKT’s audited consolidated financial statements. The AFF may be used for debt repayment and the repurchase of share stapled units of the HKT Trust and HKT
         (“Share Stapled Units”).

Note 5
         Exclude Myanmar.




                                                                                                                                             PCCW Annual Report 2024         47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




HKT

For the year ended 31 December                                    2023                                       2024                        Better/
HK$ million                                                                                                                             (Worse)
                                                         H1               H2     Full Year          H1            H2     Full Year         y-o-y

TSS                                                 11,685        12,485          24,170        12,063       12,394        24,457            1%
  – Local TSS Services                                 8,159         8,714          16,873        8,289         9,061       17,350           3%
  – International Telecommunications Services          3,526         3,771           7,297        3,774         3,333         7,107         (3)%
Mobile                                               4,968          6,340         11,308         4,976         6,508       11,484            2%
  – Mobile Services                                    3,815         4,533           8,348        3,990         4,772         8,762          5%
  – Mobile Product Sales                               1,153         1,807           2,960          986         1,736         2,722         (8)%
Other Businesses                                       596           286             882           552          328           880             –
Eliminations                                          (849)       (1,181)         (2,030)         (922)      (1,146)       (2,068)         (2)%
HKT Revenue                                         16,400        17,930          34,330        16,669       18,084        34,753            1%

HKT EBITDA1                                          6,009          7,391         13,400         6,168         7,575       13,743            3%

HKT EBITDA1 margin                                     37%           41%             39%           37%          42%           40%

HKT Adjusted Funds Flow4                             2,429          3,369           5,798        2,495         3,478        5,973            3%


In these uncertain times, we at HKT have remained steadfast in                 Total Mobile revenue rose 2% to HK$11,484 million for the year,
executing our strategic priorities of delivering high-quality, reliable        partially offset by softer Mobile product sales as consumers
and innovative services to customers, furthering our transformation            delayed handset upgrades due to weak consumer sentiment and
into a dynamic technology solutions provider and fortifying our                limited new handset features. Total Mobile EBITDA for the year
financial position. 2024 was a solid year for HKT in terms of                  increased by 5% to HK$5,311 million from HK$5,060 million a
performance, with all of our main business lines experiencing                  year earlier. The overall EBITDA margin improved to 46% as the
growth.                                                                        contribution from lower margin Mobile product sales was reduced.

The Mobile business recorded growth of 5% in services revenue                  Local Telecommunication Services (“TSS”) revenue grew by 3%
to HK$8,762 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,                       to HK$17,350 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
underpinned by a higher contribution from roaming, further 5G                  underpinned by an increase of 6% to HK$13,552 million in Local
upgrades alongside growth in our post-paid customer base, and an               Data Services revenue, which comprises of broadband and local
increase in mobile wholesale revenue. With travel fully recovered,             data revenue. The broadband business recorded revenue growth
consumer outbound roaming revenue surpassed pre-pandemic                       for the 17th consecutive year, with revenue increasing by 3% as
levels of 2019, fuelling a 37% year-on-year growth in total roaming            demand for our high-speed, reliable fibre services continued during
revenue during the year. Total roaming revenue fully rebounded                 the year, driven by the growing number of intelligent, connected
in 2024, reaching 98% of pre-pandemic levels. 5G upgrades                      devices in the home and the escalating bandwidth requirements of
continued, with our 5G customer base reaching 1.747 million by                 applications. Our fibre-to-the-home connections reached
the end of December 2024, an increase of 25% year-on-year.                     1.04 million at the end of December 2024, representing a net
Overall, the Mobile business reported a net gain of 31,000 year-on-            increase of 33,000 or 3% growth from a year earlier.
year in its post-paid customer base to reach 3.459 million by the
end of December 2024, despite continued market competition,
particularly in the price-sensitive segment.




48       PCCW Annual Report 2024
On the enterprise side, local data revenue achieved robust growth       HKT’s total revenue, excluding Mobile product sales, for the year
of 8%, reflecting HKT’s position as a long-term trusted partner         ended 31 December 2024 increased by 2% to HK$32,031 million,
to both public and private enterprises in providing unique fixed-       while total revenue increased by 1% to HK$34,753 million.
mobile integrated solutions utilising the latest technologies such
as 5G, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence (“AI”), cloud and    HKT operating costs improved by 5% to HK$3,300 million,
cybersecurity. During the year, HKT Enterprise Solutions secured        reflecting HKT’s continued focus on operating efficiency and
new project wins with a total contract value of over HK$5 billion, an   cost optimisation initiatives, which lifted HKT EBITDA by 3%
increase of 11% year-on-year, which will fuel further growth in this    year-on-year to HK$13,743 million for year ended 31 December 2024
segment. Furthermore, the enterprise business in mainland China         with EBITDA margin improved to 40% during the year.
successfully achieved its 2024 revenue target of HK$1 billion,
growing 37% year-on-year, and is well positioned to maintain this       Profit attributable to holders of Share Stapled Units was
upward trajectory.                                                      HK$5,070 million for the year, an increase of 2% over the previous
                                                                        year. Basic earnings per Share Stapled Unit was 66.92 HK cents.
Our Pay TV business, as the leading content aggregator in
Hong Kong, remained resilient with revenue of HK$2,320 million          HKT adjusted funds flow for the year ended 31 December 2024
for the year ended 31 December 2024 versus HK$2,365 million a           rose to HK$5,973 million, an increase of 3% over the previous
year earlier, despite intense competition from a wide range of free     year. Annual adjusted funds flow per Share Stapled Unit was
and paid entertainment services. With the flourishing popularity        78.80 HK cents.
of video streaming services, we launched a refreshed Now
over-the-top (“OTT”) service in January 2024 and saw a strong           HKT recommended the payment of a final distribution of
uptake, with subscriber growth of 15% during the year. This             45.88 HK cents per Share Stapled Unit for the year ended
contributed an increase in the Now TV installed base to                 31 December 2024. This brings the 2024 full-year distribution
1.433 million from 1.429 million a year earlier. Consequently,          to 78.80 HK cents per Share Stapled Unit (comprising
Local TSS Services revenue grew by 3% to HK$17,350 million              32.92 HK cents as interim distribution and 45.88 HK cents as
for the year ended 31 December 2024.                                    final distribution) representing the full payout of the annual
                                                                        adjusted funds flow per Share Stapled Unit.
International Telecommunications Services revenue was
HK$7,107 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 versus             For a more detailed review of the performance of HKT, including
HK$7,297 million a year earlier. The drop in revenue primarily          detailed reconciliation between HKT’s EBITDA and adjusted funds
stemmed from the weaker wholesale voice business although the           flow as well as HKT’s EBITDA and profit before income tax, please
business recorded increased data revenue and growing demand             refer to its 2024 annual results announcement released on
for our Console Connect service. As a result, total TSS revenue         20 February 2025.
increased by 1% to HK$24,457 million for the year ended
31 December 2024.




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024    49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




OTT Business

For the year ended 31 December                                  2023                                        2024                         Better/
HK$ million                                                                                                                             (Worse)
                                                       H1               H2     Full Year           H1            H2      Full Year         y-o-y

OTT Business Revenue                                  971           1,481         2,452         1,089         1,369         2,458              –

OTT Business EBITDA1                                  165            427            592           229           169           398         (33)%

OTT Business EBITDA1 margin                           17%            29%           24%           21%           12%            16%



For the year ended 31 December 2024, the OTT Business                        To bolster subscription revenue in 2024, Viu expanded its
recorded revenue of HK$2,458 million, increasing from                        distribution partnerships beyond telecommunications service
HK$2,452 million in the previous year. Revenue from the Viu                  providers. New partners include key players in the digital
video streaming service, which is the main contributor to the                economy such as Grab, Trip.com and Zalora. In addition, with
OTT Business, increased by 5%, but this was partially offset                 the introduction of the Premium+ subscription tier in selected
by softer revenues from fewer music events under our music                   markets, Viu’s value proposition and subscriber experience has
streaming service, MOOV. Whilst subscription and advertising                 been significantly enhanced. As a result of these initiatives, Viu’s
revenue continued to show strong growth of 15%5 and 17%5                     paid subscriber base grew by 17% to 15.5 million5 and subscription
respectively and remain the core source of Viu’s revenue, overall            revenue increased by 15%5 year-on-year.
revenue was impacted by decreased revenues in the second
half of 2024 from content syndication and events, which are                  Viu has always operated a dual revenue model that includes
more variable in nature and depend on the timing of key content              advertising revenue. To boost advertising revenue, Viu launched an
launches.                                                                    AVOD tier for connected TVs, which increased advertising inventory
                                                                             and attracted advertisers eager to engage with the mass affluent
Viu remains one of Asia’s leading video streaming services in                segment, allowing Viu to command higher rates. This initiative,
terms of the number of subscribers and user engagement. Central              together with an increase in advertiser funded programmes such
to Viu’s popularity is its rich and diverse content portfolio, which         as title sponsorships for popular content across the region, led to a
serves as a robust foundation for driving paid subscriptions and             17%5 rise in advertising revenue year-on-year.
attracting local and regional sponsorship from advertisers. By
leveraging audience preference analytics across its large base of            The OTT Business recorded EBITDA of HK$398 million for the
subscribers and active users, Viu is able to adeptly identify content        year ended 31 December 2024, driven by increased spending,
genres and themes that resonate with viewers. In response to                 particularly in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, to enhance
the growing popularity of Chinese dramas, Viu has broadened                  penetration in the non-metro areas of these high-potential markets.
its offerings by increasing both the quantity and accessibility of           Together with fresh content in 2025 that will support the next cycle
Chinese titles while also curating an enticing selection of Korean           of syndication revenues, these investments will help drive Viu’s
and Southeast Asian content that appeals to viewers across the               next phase of growth.
region.




50     PCCW Annual Report 2024
Free TV & Related Business

For the year ended 31 December                                 2023                                       2024                          Better/
HK$ million                                                                                                                             (Worse)
                                                      H1               H2     Full Year          H1            H2      Full Year            y-o-y

Free TV & Related Business Revenue                   390           562             952          480           577         1,057             11%

Free TV & Related Business EBITDA1                     83          107             190            91          101           192              1%

Free TV & Related Business
  EBITDA1 Margin                                     21%          19%             20%           19%           18%           18%



The Free TV & Related Business recorded a revenue increase of               We continued to leverage the collective strengths of our Group to
11% to HK$1,057 million, underpinned by a strong performance                provide a comprehensive suite of services to advertisers and public
from our artiste and event management business. This growth was             service providers. Our offerings encompass large-scale production,
tempered by softer advertising revenue, reflecting the subdued              media (both airtime and digital), customer activation events,
retail market in Hong Kong.                                                 and, crucially, talent engagement. Our notable projects included
                                                                            the Carbon Reduction Action initiative in collaboration with the
2024 was a solid year for our artiste and event management                  Hong Kong Government’s Environment and Ecology Bureau and
business. We doubled our concert revenue with a series of sold-out          Environmental Campaign Committee and the Hong Kong Tourism
concerts featuring a number of our talented in-house artistes, such         Board’s Hong Kong New Year Countdown Celebrations.
as MIRROR, COLLAR, Sica, and P1X3L. Several of our artistes also
performed at concerts and festivals across the region. Additionally,        Overall, the Free TV & Related Business recorded resilient EBITDA
we organised concerts outside of Hong Kong that showcased                   of HK$192 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 and a
performers from Japan and Thailand.                                         margin of 18%, reflecting the shift in revenue mix during the year.

In terms of ViuTV, we continued to make strides in increasing               Other Businesses
the quality of content and engagement with viewers. Our                     Other Businesses primarily comprise the remaining Solutions
content continues to resonate strongly with younger audiences,              Business and corporate support functions. It recorded
positioning ViuTV as an ideal platform for initiatives targeting            HK$803 million in revenue and an EBITDA cost of HK$746 million
this demographic. This group is also highly digitally engaged, as           for the year ended 31 December 2024.
evidenced by a 6% year-on-year increase in registered members
across ViuTV’s online platforms, which now exceed 3.2 million.              Eliminations
As a result, ViuTV has successfully attracted advertisers from              Eliminations for the year ended 31 December 2024 were
sectors such as restaurants, beverages, food delivery services, and         HK$1,514 million, compared to HK$2,154 million a year earlier,
finance.                                                                    encompassing projects completed among members of the Group
                                                                            for both internal and external initiatives.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024      51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Costs
Cost of Sales

For the year ended 31 December                                  2023                                        2024                          Better/
HK$ million                                                                                                                              (Worse)
                                                       H1               H2     Full Year           H1            H2      Full Year          y-o-y

HKT                                                 8,279         9,175          17,454         8,491         9,219        17,710           (1)%
Consolidated                                        8,292         9,824          18,116         8,939        10,188        19,127           (6)%


HKT’s cost of sales for the year ended 31 December 2024                      EBITDA1
increased by 1% year-on-year to HK$17,710 million, which was                 Overall, consolidated EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 2024
in line with revenue growth during the year. The cost of sales in            was stable at HK$12,849 million with EBITDA margin of 34%.
the OTT Business decreased due to a change in the revenue mix
towards less cost-intensive, event-oriented activities. However,             Other Gains, Net
there was an increase in the cost of sales in the Free TV & Related          Net other gains for the year ended 31 December 2024 were
Business, primarily due to the production of concerts for our                HK$439 million, compared to net other gains of HK$281 million in
artistes. Overall, the Group’s cost of sales increased by 6% to              the previous year, primarily reflecting gains from the revaluation of
HK$19,127 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.                       the Group’s investments.

General and Administrative Expenses                                          Interest Income and Finance Costs
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s operating                   Interest income for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
costs increased by 3% to HK$5,581 million. This was largely due to           HK$133 million while finance costs increased by 6% to
an increase in publicity and promotion costs at the OTT Business,            HK$2,817 million. The increase in finance costs was largely driven
aimed at supporting new initiatives to drive advertising revenue             by higher HIBOR during the year with the average cost of debt for
growth and further enhance market penetration and uptake of                  the Group increasing from 4.2% to 4.4% year-on-year. As a result,
paid subscriptions in high-potential markets such as Indonesia,              net finance costs increased by 8% year-on-year from
Malaysia and Thailand. This was partially offset by a 5% decrease            HK$2,496 million to HK$2,684 million for the year ended
in operating costs at HKT, reflecting its continued focus on                 31 December 2024.
operating efficiency and cost optimisation initiatives across each of
the business segments, including enhancing business processes                Income Tax
via the adoption of AI, consolidation of business operations and             Income tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
rationalisation of IT platforms. Overall operating costs-to-revenue          HK$847 million, as compared to HK$409 million a year ago. The
ratio was stable at 15% for the year ended 31 December 2024.                 increase in the tax expense was primarily due to a reversal of
                                                                             income tax provisions that occurred in the prior year at HKT.
Depreciation and amortisation expenses for the year decreased
by 5% to HK$7,471 million, with depreciation declining by 9% to              Profit Attributable to Non-controlling Interests
HK$2,546 million and amortisation falling by 3% to                           Profit attributable to non-controlling interests was
HK$4,925 million. The lower depreciation expenses were mainly                HK$2,007 million for the year ended 31 December 2024
attributable to HKT’s recent level of capital expenditure spending           (31 December 2023: HK$2,326 million), representing primarily
while the reduced amortisation expenses were due to more                     share of results attributable to the non-controlling shareholders of
prudent content investments in the Media Business. Content-                  HKT and Viu International Limited.
related amortisation decreased 1% to HK$1,833 million for the
year compared to HK$1,851 million a year ago.

Overall, general and administrative expenses decreased by 2%
year-on-year to HK$13,042 million for the year ended
31 December 2024.




52      PCCW Annual Report 2024
Profit Attributable to Holders of Perpetual Capital                    CREDIT RATINGS OF CAS HOLDING NO. 1 LIMITED
Securities                                                             AND HONG KONG TELECOMMUNICATIONS (HKT)
Profit of HK$234 million for the year ended 31 December 2024           LIMITED
was attributable to the holders of the perpetual capital securities,   As at 31 December 2024, CAS Holding No. 1 Limited, a direct
which represented distributions payable to the holders of the          wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, had investment grade
securities as accrued at 4% per annum on the US$750 million            ratings with Moody’s Investors Service Hong Kong Limited
principal amount of the perpetual capital securities issued by the     (“Moody’s”) (Baa3) and S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) (BBB-).
Group in January 2021.                                                 Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited, an indirect non-
                                                                       wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, had investment grade
Loss Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company                     ratings with Moody’s (Baa2) and S&P (BBB).
Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year
ended 31 December 2024 narrowed significantly to                       CAPITAL EXPENDITURE3
HK$300 million (31 December 2023: HK$471 million).                     Group capital expenditure for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                       was HK$2,341 million (2023: HK$2,324 million), of which HKT
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                                        accounted for about 95% (2023: 98%). The capital expenditure to
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital       revenue ratio was approximately 6.2% for the year (2023: 6.4%).
structure to maintain a balance between shareholder return and
sound capital position. Adjustments are made, when necessary,          Capital expenditure for HKT’s Mobile business was 5% lower
to maintain an optimal capital structure in light of changes in        during the year, reflecting the efficiency gains from capacity
economic conditions and to reduce the cost of capital.                 upgrades and network maintenance following the completion of
                                                                       our territory-wide 5G coverage. TSS capital expenditure was 4%
The Group’s gross debt2 was HK$52,393 million as at                    lower during the year reflecting the already extensive geographic
31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: HK$52,329 million).                fibre coverage and phased timing of subsea cable investments.
Cash and short-term deposits totalled HK$2,583 million as at           Capital expenditure for the Media Business increased mainly
31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: HK$2,706 million).                 due to relocation, renovation and equipment setup for its new
                                                                       production studio facilities.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of
HK$53,690 million in banking facilities available for liquidity        The Group will continue to invest in building digital capabilities to
management and investments, of which HK$24,802 million                 support its existing businesses and enable its growth in new areas,
remained undrawn. Of these banking facilities, HKT accounted           and prudently invest in expanding and upgrading its 5G network
for HK$37,610 million, of which HK$18,612 million remained             while taking into account the prevailing market conditions using
undrawn.                                                               assessment criteria including internal rate of return, net present
                                                                       value and payback period.
The Group’s gross debt2 to total assets was 53% as at
31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 55%).




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024    53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




HEDGING                                                                CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Market risk arises from foreign currency and interest rate exposure
related to investments and financing. As a matter of policy, the       As at 31 December                                2023           2024
Group continues to manage the market risk directly relating to its     HK$ million
operations and financing and does not undertake any speculative
derivative trading activities. The Group determines appropriate        Performance guarantees                           1,384         1,227
risk management activities with the aim of prudently managing the      Others                                              41            25
market risk associated with transactions undertaken in the normal
course of the Group’s business. All treasury risk management                                                            1,425         1,252
activities are carried out in accordance with the Group’s policies
and guidelines, which are reviewed on a regular basis.
                                                                       The Group is subject to certain corporate guarantee obligations to
                                                                       guarantee the performance of its subsidiaries in the normal course
Around three quarters of the Group’s consolidated revenue and
                                                                       of their businesses. The amount of liabilities arising from such
costs are denominated in Hong Kong dollars. For those operations
                                                                       obligations, if any, cannot be ascertained but the Directors are of
with revenues denominated in foreign currencies, the related
                                                                       the opinion that any resulting liability will not materially affect the
costs and expenses are usually denominated in the same foreign
                                                                       financial position of the Group.
currencies and hence provide a natural hedge against each other.
Therefore, the Group is not exposed to significant foreign currency
                                                                       As at 31 December 2024, the Group had given a partial
fluctuation risk from operations.
                                                                       guarantee to a bank in respect of a credit facility granted to
                                                                       an associate of the Group amounting to HK$780 million (as at
A significant portion of the Group’s financing is denominated in
                                                                       31 December 2023: same), of which HK$780 million (as at
foreign currencies including United States dollars. Accordingly,
                                                                       31 December 2023: HK$470 million) had been utilised by the
the Group has entered into forward and swap contracts in order
                                                                       associate. The Group’s share of guarantee for the utilised amount
to manage its exposure to adverse fluctuations in foreign currency
                                                                       was approximately HK$235 million (as at 31 December 2023:
exchange rates and interest rates. These instruments are executed
                                                                       HK$141 million) determined based on the percentage of interest
with creditworthy financial institutions. As at 31 December 2024,
                                                                       held by the Group in the associate.
the majority of the forward and swap contracts were designated as
cash flow hedges for the related financing of the Group.
                                                                       HUMAN RESOURCES
                                                                       The Group had over 14,600 employees as at 31 December 2024
As a result, the impacts of these operational and financial risks to
                                                                       (31 December 2023: 15,000) located in 25 countries and cities.
the Group are considered not material.
                                                                       About 64% of these employees work in Hong Kong and the others
                                                                       are based mainly in mainland China. The Group has established
CHARGE ON ASSETS
                                                                       performance-based bonus and incentive schemes designed to
As at 31 December 2024, no assets of the Group
                                                                       motivate and reward employees at all levels to achieve the Group’s
(31 December 2023: nil) were pledged to secure banking
                                                                       business performance targets. Payment of performance bonuses is
facilities for the Group.
                                                                       generally based on achievement of revenue, EBITDA and free cash
                                                                       flow targets for the Group as a whole and for each of the individual
                                                                       business units and performance ratings of employees.

                                                                       FINAL DIVIDEND
                                                                       The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of
                                                                       28.48 HK cents (2023: 28.48 HK cents) per ordinary share for
                                                                       the year ended 31 December 2024 to shareholders whose names
                                                                       appear on the register of members of the Company on Thursday,
                                                                       22 May 2025, subject to the approval of shareholders of the
                                                                       Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting which will be
                                                                       held on Thursday, 15 May 2025 (“AGM”). An interim dividend of
                                                                       9.77 HK cents (2023: 9.77 HK cents) per ordinary share for the
                                                                       six months ended 30 June 2024 was paid to shareholders of the
                                                                       Company in September 2024.




54     PCCW Annual Report 2024
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

56    Report of the Directors

96    Independent Auditor’s Report

102   Consolidated Income Statement

103   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

104   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

106   Consolidated and Company Statements of

      Financial Position

109   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

110   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

222   Five Year Financial Summary




                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024   55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The board of directors (the “Board”) presents its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of PCCW Limited
(“PCCW” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding, and the principal activities of the Group are the provision of technology and
telecommunications and related services including enterprise solutions, mobile services, total home solutions, media entertainment and
other new businesses such as loyalty platform, financial services and healthtech services in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
(“Hong Kong”), the Asia Pacific region and other parts of the world; and investments in, and development of, systems integration and
information technology-related businesses. Through HK Television Entertainment Company Limited (“HKTVE”), PCCW also operates a
domestic free television service in Hong Kong. The Group also has an interest in the development and management of premium-grade
property and infrastructure projects as well as premium-grade property investments through its interest in Pacific Century Premium
Developments Limited (“PCPD”).

The principal activities of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and the principal associates of the Group are set out in notes 20 to 21 to the
consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by operating segment is set out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group during the year and particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since
the end of the financial year 2024 as well as a discussion on the Group’s future business development are provided in the sections headed
“Message from the Chairman”, “Message from the Acting Group Managing Director” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” in
this annual report. The above discussions form part of this report. In addition, this review has also identified a list of principal risks and
uncertainties faced by the Group. For more details on the description of these principal risks and uncertainties, please refer to the section
headed “Corporate Governance Report — Risk Management and Internal Controls” in this annual report.

Discussions on the Group’s sustainability policies and performance, relationships with its key stakeholders and compliance with relevant
laws and regulations which would have a significant impact on the Group are provided in the paragraphs below.

Sustainability Policies and Performance
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group recognises the importance of robust sustainability policies. To protect our customers’ privacy
and our business data, we adhere to stringent cybersecurity, information security and data protection practices. The relevant key mitigation
strategies are described under the section headed “Corporate Governance Report — Risk Management and Internal Controls” in this
annual report.

Managing the Supply Chain in a Sustainable Manner
The Group is committed to upholding the highest ethical and professional standards when working with suppliers and contractors. We
currently maintain relationships with nearly 6,000 suppliers worldwide. As responsible sourcing has become increasingly important to our
stakeholders, we are making sustainability an integral part of our procurement and supply chain management processes to better manage
related risks.

To embed sustainable practices throughout our supply chain, the Group has established the Group Purchasing Policy and Principles and
a Supplier Code of Conduct. These frameworks provide a common platform for communicating our expectations regarding compliance
with local regulations on labour, health and safety and environmental standards. To closely monitor supplier performance, our buying units
conduct regular performance reviews and supplier visits, particularly targeting our major suppliers and contractors. Any suppliers receiving
unsatisfactory ratings are engaged for rectification or improvement.

We acquired ISO 9001:2015 certification for our quality management system in 2018 and have since maintained it, which enables us
to maintain rigorous oversight of our supply chain management and monitor supplier performance effectively. As one of the founding
members, the Group remains a member of the Sustainable Procurement Charter established by the Green Council.




56     PCCW Annual Report 2024
BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Sustainability Policies and Performance (continued)
Shared Societal Value
The Group is committed to operating sustainably while balancing the interests of various stakeholders, including our employees, customers,
suppliers, business partners and the wider community.

Driving Digital Innovation and Value
The Group leverages its resources and expertise to drive Hong Kong’s smart city development, deploying emerging technologies and
continuously enhancing infrastructure to foster digital advancement. Our commitment to seamless connectivity and technology supports
the digital development of the communities we serve. By providing integrated solutions that utilise cutting-edge technologies such as
the Internet of Things (“IoT”), 5G, artificial intelligence (“AI”), and generative artificial intelligence (“GenAI”), we facilitate enterprises’
transformation and contribute to Hong Kong’s evolution into a smart city.

The Group continues to deploy an extensive 5G network covering 99% of Hong Kong, helping the city fully embrace the 5G era. As of the
end of December 2024, we had established over 18,000 Wi-Fi hotspots across the city, enabling customers to connect effortlessly on
the move. We also actively explore the adoption of AI within our operations and business. Through our talent development programmes,
employees receive AI training, including the GenAI Incubation Programme, designed to equip them with the skills and knowledge to
leverage AI effectively. Furthermore, the CSL Mobile AI Stores and workshops serve as platforms for enhancing public awareness of AI and
developing related skills. In 2024, we conducted over 110 5G AI Academy workshops, reaching a total of over 12,000 customers.

Delivering Customer-Centric Services
With a commitment to transforming customers’ lifestyles through continuous innovation, we have expanded HKT’s offerings beyond
connectivity to a wide range of digital services, including fintech and healthtech.

HKT also maintains a customer loyalty and rewards platform, The Club, which provides a variety of privileges to retain customers and gain
insights that allow us to personalise offerings for its members.

As a customer-focused service provider, we regard our customers as some of our most important stakeholders. Our customer-related key
performance indicators are set out in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of this annual report.

To ensure high levels of customer satisfaction, our service representatives can be reached via hotlines, live chat, online enquiries through
the My HKT portal and at retail shops and service centres. We conduct customer satisfaction surveys, customer transaction surveys, net
promoter score surveys and mystery shopper programmes to gather customer feedback and evaluate our service quality.

Engaging the Community
We continuously strive to address the community’s needs through innovative, long-term programmes. As a premier telecommunications
service provider in Hong Kong, the Group supplies hardware and communications services to charities and community groups in need.
We also endeavour to connect the elderly with technologies that promote active, smart ageing. Our one-stop HKT Elderly Hotline offers
timely technical support, assisting senior citizens aged 65 or above with contracts, bills and service relocation. Special concessions for
home phone, broadband and mobile services are available to eligible applicants from low-income families. For over 25 years, the Group has
engaged staff volunteers in various volunteer services to build a better community. In appreciation of their commitment, the Group provides
volunteer leave days for employees participating in community services.

We joined the Government’s Strive and Rise Programme, contributing through corporate volunteering and serving as a vice-chair on the
Partners’ Board of the Programme. This initiative fosters collaboration between the Government, business sector and community to connect
education and employment through mentoring, broadening mentees’ horizons and supporting upward mobility.

The Group has also been awarded the 20 Years Plus Caring Company Logo by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service.




                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024       57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Sustainability Policies and Performance (continued)
Fostering a Thriving Workforce
We believe human capital is a core organisational asset driving our long-term success. We champion a fair, inclusive and high-performing
work culture for our global workforce, which comprises diverse expertise and backgrounds. Our comprehensive employment policies
safeguard employees’ rights and benefits while offering competitive pay and career progression opportunities. We have a fair and effective
performance appraisal system and incentive bonus schemes designed to nurture a performance-driven culture.

As an employer of choice, our talent strategies focus on delivering the best employee experience and sustaining a diverse, vibrant team. We
have established robust succession pipelines, as well as comprehensive training and leadership programmes, to cultivate the talent needed
for business growth. We also offer opportunities for employees to gain knowledge of state-of-the-art technology through project participation.
Our ongoing development initiatives ensure our staff’s knowledge, skills and business acumen remain up-to-date and relevant. Committed
to fostering young talent, the Group’s Graduate Development Programme provides fresh graduates with structured opportunities to build a
career in the fast-paced technology sector.

We continue to provide healthcare benefits and services, as well as organise talks and workshops on physical and mental well-being
throughout the year. To maintain high occupational health and safety standards, we provide regular safety training to new and existing staff.

The Group believes direct, effective communication is essential to forging a strong partnership between management and employees. We
have established channels for employees to share feedback and suggestions with senior management and to keep abreast of company and
business developments, including online and offline meetings and social media platforms.

Enhancing Environmental Stewardship
The Group has set comprehensive environmental targets encompassing electricity consumption, greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions,
general waste and water consumption, making measurable progress towards achieving them. An Environmental Advisory Group, comprising
unit heads, provides input on these environmental targets. The Group also actively participates in various external environmental working
groups, including as a member of the Business Environment Council.

Enhancing Energy Efficiency
Electricity consumption is our largest source of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. Our target is to reduce electricity consumption by 13.2%
by 2025 compared to 2018 levels. In 2024, our electricity consumption was 294,788,864.20 kWh, a 3.8% reduction from 2023. Since a
substantial portion of our energy use powers communication and connectivity through our telecommunications network, we are committed
to actively exploring opportunities to further reduce consumption.

As a signatory to the Charter on External Lighting and the Energy Saving Charter of the Environment and Ecology Bureau, we have pledged
to adopt energy-saving practices in our exchange buildings and offices. The Group has invested in modernising equipment at our exchange
buildings and mobile cell sites to improve energy efficiency and lower energy consumption. We also participate in the electricity companies’
Renewable Energy Feed-in Tariff (“FiT”) Scheme to promote renewable energy use. Solar panels have been installed on the rooftops
of four of our exchange buildings, with more installations planned. In 2024, a total of 121,925 kWh of renewable energy was generated
from rooftop solar power systems at four of our exchange buildings. HKT received the Grand Award in Energy Management (Corporate/
Government Bodies) from the CLP Smart Energy Award 2024, recognising our efforts to reduce our carbon footprint.

Reducing GHG Emissions
Our target is to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 34.3% by 2025 relative to 2018 levels. In 2024, our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
totalled 146,030.97 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (“tCO2e”), representing a 3.1% reduction from 2023.




58     PCCW Annual Report 2024
BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Sustainability Policies and Performance (continued)
Managing Waste Effectively
The Group has stringent waste management protocols to ensure proper handling and disposal. We have well-established practices for
recycling industrial batteries and scrap metals such as copper, iron and steel. In compliance with the Producer Responsibility Scheme on
Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (“WPRS”), we provide removal services for regulated electrical equipment to our customers.

The Group has adopted paperless systems in human resources, procurement, retail shops and customer service, implementing initiatives
like e-billing. When printing is necessary, we use paper made from sustainable materials certified by the Programme for the Endorsement
of Forest Certification (“PEFC”). We have replaced single-use items such as plastic straws and cutlery in our canteens with eco-friendly
alternatives.

Managing Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
We continually assess the impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on our business, advancing this understanding over time. In
2024, we continued to integrate climate risks and opportunities into our operations and began scoping a climate-related scenario analysis
exercise for prioritised risks and opportunities.

Offering Green Solutions
The Group incorporates environmentally considerate practices into its sustainable business activities. Through Smart Charge (HK) Limited, a
joint venture between HKT and CLP Holdings Limited, we provide electric vehicle (“EV”) charging solutions that encourage cleaner electric
mobility. By the end of 2024, Smart Charge has been awarded the management of EV charging infrastructure in 41 residential car parks
across Hong Kong, encompassing nearly 10,000 parking bays in total. We also offer smart energy solutions for data centres that optimise
energy use with IoT sensors and AI analytics, ensuring efficiency and scalability. Our advanced cooling systems support high-performance
computing to meet the growing demands of AI workloads, while simultaneously promoting sustainability. The Go Green campaign supports
customers in making sustainable choices, engaging communities and promoting sustainability education through recycling initiatives,
eco-friendly products and direct consumer engagement.

In 2024, we supported 12 schools in Hong Kong by installing 5G Weather Stations, enhancing education on climate change through
analysis of real-time data from IoT devices. We also provided training on technology usage and sustainability to empower students and
teachers.

We have utilised our Hong Kong domestic free broadcasting channels to raise environmental awareness through programmes including Low
Carbon Life, Carbon Quiz Contest and Green Finder.

Sustainable Finance
Since 2020, we have secured over US$5.2 billion in sustainability-linked loan facilities from various financial institutions.

ESG Awards and Recognition
In 2024, the Group received multiple accolades for its commitment to sustainability. The Group was included in the S&P Global
Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2024. Since 2019, we have obtained an A rating in the MSCI ESG Ratings. As of the end of
December 2024, we are a constituent of the World Small Cap ESG Leaders Index, World Small Cap ESG Screened Index, World Small Cap
ESG Enhanced Focus CTB Index and ACWI IMI Climate Change Index. We have also been a constituent member of the FTSE4Good Index
Series since 2017.

The Group ranked 14th in the 5th Greater Bay Area Business Sustainability Index (“GBASI”) assessment. We have maintained our status
as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index and were newly included as a constituent member of
the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index and Hang Seng (Mainland and HK) Corporate Sustainability Index, earning an AA rating from
the HKQAA Sustainability Rating and Research 2024. Furthermore, we have won Best in Reporting Awards – Middle Market Capitalisation
and earned a certificate of merit in Best in ESG Awards – Middle Market Capitalisation in The BDO ESG Awards 2024. We also received a
certificate of appreciation from the Hong Kong Economic Journal under the ESG Achievement Programme 2024, and an Excellence in ESG
Award – Listed Company (Multimedia & Technology) from Ming Pao ESG Award 2024.




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024   59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Compliance with the Applicable Laws and Regulations which have a Significant Impact on the Group
The Group and its activities are subject to requirements under various laws and regulations. These include, among others, the
Telecommunications Ordinance (Cap. 106), the Broadcasting Ordinance (Cap. 562), the Trade Descriptions Ordinance (Cap. 362), the
Competition Ordinance (Cap. 619), the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486), the Payment Systems and Stored Value Facilities
Ordinance (Cap. 584), the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57), and the applicable regulations, guidelines, policies and licence terms issued
or promulgated under or in connection with these statutes. In addition, the Listing Rules apply to PCCW. The Company seeks to ensure
compliance with these requirements through various measures such as internal controls and approval procedures, trainings and oversight
of various business units with the designated resources at different levels of the Group. While these measures require considerable internal
resources and result in additional operational cost, the Group highly values the importance of ensuring compliance with applicable legal and
regulatory requirements.

Telecommunications Ordinance (“TO”)
The Hong Kong Government’s policies relating to liberalisation of the telecommunications industry have led to increased competition for the
Group. Under the TO and the licences it holds under the TO, the Group has certain obligations and the Communications Authority (“CA”)
has certain powers to direct the Group to take specified actions (for example, to undertake and provide certain interconnection services and
facilities) and to impose the terms and conditions of interconnection. It may also direct its licensees to co-operate and share any facilities
owned by them in the public interest. Under the TO, licensees may be fined up to HK$1 million for repeated breaches of the TO or any
licence condition, regulation or direction issued under the TO, or a higher amount if allowed by the court. In extreme cases, the Government
or the CA may cancel, withdraw or suspend licences.

Broadcasting Ordinance (“BO”)
The Company, through its indirect subsidiary, Now TV Limited (formerly known as PCCW Media Limited), holds a domestic pay television
programme services licence. The media entertainment market in Hong Kong is highly competitive. Under the BO and the licences granted
under the BO, licensees have various content and compliance obligations. Breaches of the BO, licence conditions, relevant directions,
orders, determinations, regulations and/or codes issued by the CA may lead to fines (up to HK$1 million for repeated breaches) or licence
suspension or revocation in extreme cases.

The Company, through its economic interest in HKTVE, was granted a free television programme service licence in April 2015 and HKTVE
launched its free television services in April 2016.

Trade Descriptions Ordinance (“TDO”)
The enforcement of the TDO is generally undertaken by the Customs and Excise Department, although the CA has concurrent jurisdiction
as to telecommunications and broadcasting licensees. To ensure compliance with the TDO, the Group provides training for all employees
involved in sales and marketing. In addition, all sales and marketing materials are reviewed to ensure compliance with the TDO. Under the
TDO, misrepresentations as to the sale of goods or services, inappropriate sales practices and the omission of relevant information may
be a criminal offence, with a fine of up to HK$500,000 and imprisonment for 5 years. Liability may extend to the Group as well as relevant
employees.

Competition Ordinance (“CO”)
The CO came into effect in December 2015 and is generally consistent with other competition laws. The enforcement of the CO is generally
undertaken by the Competition Commission (“CC”), although the CA has concurrent jurisdiction with the CC as to undertakings operating
in the telecommunications and broadcasting sectors. To ensure compliance with the CO and various guidelines issued under the CO, the
Group provides training for all staff involved in sales, marketing, bids, pricing, contracts, strategy formation, management etc. and reviews
and monitors business practices continuously. Under the CO, serious anti-competitive conduct carries a maximum penalty of 10% of annual
turnover obtained in Hong Kong (up to 3 years). Individuals may also be subject to pecuniary penalties and may be disqualified from being a
director of a company.




60     PCCW Annual Report 2024
BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)
Compliance with the Applicable Laws and Regulations which have a Significant Impact on the Group (continued)
Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (“PDPO”)
The PDPO aims to protect data privacy rights by regulating the collection, retention and handling of personal data. Non-compliance with the
data protection principles or any specific provisions in PDPO could lead to issuance of enforcement notice by the Privacy Commissioner or
even constitute an offence punishable by a fine of up to HK$1,000,000 and imprisonment for 5 years. The Group maintains various internal
policies and procedures as well as regular reviews, training and audits to ensure that personal data is properly handled and managed with
due care and in accordance with the legal requirements. For effective communication with the regulator and compliance with applicable
data protection laws, a Group Data Protection Officer has been appointed to monitor all Group activities in relation to data privacy
compliance.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
A separate Environmental, Social and Governance report for 2024 will be published on the websites of the Company and Hong Kong
Exchanges and Clearing Limited at the same time as the publication of this annual report in compliance with the Listing Rules.

GROUP RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the section headed “Financial Information — Consolidated
Income Statement” in this annual report.

An interim dividend of 9.77 HK cents (2023: 9.77 HK cents) per ordinary share, totalling approximately HK$756 million, was paid to
shareholders of the Company in September 2024.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 28.48 HK cents (2023: 28.48 HK cents) per ordinary share for the year
ended 31 December 2024, subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out in the section
headed “Financial Information — Five Year Financial Summary” in this annual report.

FIXED ASSETS
Details of movements in the Group’s property, plant and equipment and interests in leasehold land during the year are set out in notes 15
and 17 respectively to the consolidated financial statements.

BORROWINGS
Particulars of the Group’s and the Company’s borrowings are set out in notes 27(e) and 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

SHARES ISSUED
During the year, the Company issued and allotted 1,425,125 ordinary shares for grant of awards pursuant to the Company’s share award
schemes for an aggregate consideration of HK$14,251.25.

Details of the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 30 to the consolidated financial
statements.

RESERVES
Details of movements in reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial
statements.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, less than 30% of the Group’s revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services was attributable
to the Group’s five largest customers, and less than 30% of the Group’s purchases were attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers.




                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024       61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



DIRECTORS
As at the date of this report, the directors of the Company are:

Executive Directors
Li Tzar Kai, Richard (Chairman)
Hui Hon Hing, Susanna (Acting Group Managing Director and Group Chief Financial Officer)

Non-Executive Directors
Tse Sze Wing, Edmund, GBS
Tang Yongbo (Deputy Chairman)
Meng Shusen
Zhao Xingfu
Wei Zhe, David

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Aman Mehta
Frances Waikwun Wong
Bryce Wayne Lee
Lars Eric Nils Rodert
David Christopher Chance
Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed

During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report, the following changes were made to the composition of the
Board:

1. Wang Fang resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 28 June 2024; and

2. Zhao Xingfu was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 21 February 2025.

In accordance with Article 91 of the Company’s articles of association, Zhao Xingfu shall retire from office at the forthcoming annual general
meeting and, being eligible, offers himself for re-election.

In accordance with Article 101 of the Company’s articles of association, Meng Shusen, Wei Zhe, David, Aman Mehta and Lars Eric Nils Rodert
shall retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

A list of names of the directors who held office in the Company’s subsidiaries during the year and up to the date of this report is available on
the Company’s website (www.pccw.com).




62     PCCW Annual Report 2024
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive directors a confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers that all six independent non-executive directors as at the date of this report, namely,
Aman Mehta, Frances Waikwun Wong, Bryce Wayne Lee, Lars Eric Nils Rodert, David Christopher Chance and Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen
Mohamed are independent having regard to the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

With respect to Aman Mehta, on 15 February 2013, Pacific Century Regional Developments Limited (“PCRD”, a substantial shareholder of
the Company) announced the execution of a term sheet between PCRD Services Pte Ltd (“PCRD Services”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
PCRD) and, amongst the others, KSH Distriparks Private Limited (“KSH Distriparks”), Pasha Ventures Private Limited (“Pasha Ventures”),
Aman Mehta (an independent non-executive director of the Company) and Akash Mehta (the adult son of Aman Mehta) (together, the
“Mehta Family”) and Sky Advance Associates Limited (“Sky Advance”, a company controlled by Akash Mehta) in relation to a proposed
restructuring (the “Restructuring”) of their respective interests in Pasha Ventures and KSH Distriparks by way of a scheme of amalgamation.
As of 11 March 2012, PCRD Services, Aman Mehta and Akash Mehta held 74%, 21% and 5% of the paid up issued equity capital of
Pasha Ventures respectively. KSH Distriparks is an Indian private limited logistics company with an inland container depot located in Pune,
India and owned at that time as to 25.94% and 5.19% respectively by PCRD Services and Sky Advance. As a result of the Restructuring,
Pasha Ventures was amalgamated with KSH Distriparks and Pasha Ventures ceased to be a subsidiary of PCRD and was dissolved in
June 2013. Accordingly, the shareholdings of PCRD Services, Sky Advance and the Mehta Family in KSH Distriparks were approximately
49.87%, 2.61% and 12.94% respectively. Pursuant to a scheme of demerger filed with, and sanctioned by, the High Court at Bombay,
KSH Infra Private Limited (“KSH Infra”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of KSH Distriparks was demerged from KSH Distriparks with effect from
31 January 2016 (the “Demerger”) with KSH Infra shareholders holding the same percentage shareholdings in the share capital of
KSH Infra as those percentage shareholdings in KSH Distriparks at the time of the Demerger. Interests held by PCRD Services, Sky Advance
and the Mehta Family in KSH Infra were disposed of in January 2019. In 2020, Sky Advance disposed of its 2.61% stake in KSH Distriparks.
As at 31 December 2024, PCRD Services and the Mehta Family’s shareholdings in KSH Distriparks were approximately 49.87% and 8.23%
respectively. Aman Mehta is a passive investor in KSH Distriparks and does not hold any directorship in KSH Distriparks. Save as disclosed
above, Aman Mehta is not in any way connected to PCRD, PCRD Services or PCCW.

Notwithstanding Aman Mehta’s investment in KSH Distriparks, the Company is of the view that Aman Mehta’s continued independence
in accordance with the terms of the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules is not affected by this investment
for the following reasons: (i) Aman Mehta’s investment in KSH Distriparks is a purely passive personal investment; he does not hold any
directorship in KSH Distriparks nor has he any involvement or participation in the daily operations and management of KSH Distriparks;
(ii) the businesses of KSH Distriparks do not overlap or conflict with the businesses of the Company; and (iii) save as disclosed above,
neither Aman Mehta nor Akash Mehta hold any interest, direct or indirect in PCRD and/or its subsidiaries.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service contract with the Group which is
not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024     63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, SHARE
STAPLED UNITS, UNDERLYING SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARE STAPLED UNITS AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2024, the directors and chief executives of the Company and their respective close associates had the following
interests or short positions in the shares, share stapled units jointly issued by HKT Trust and HKT (the “Share Stapled Units”), underlying
shares, underlying Share Stapled Units and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules:

1. Interests in the Company
   The table below sets out the aggregate long positions in the Shares held by the directors and chief executives of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                  Number of ordinary Shares held                               percentage of the
                                                     Personal           Family         Corporate                 Other                            total number of
     Name of Director/Chief Executive                interests        interests          interests            interests                Total       Shares in issue

     Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                    –                –     535,291,134 1,928,842,224 2,464,133,358                                31.83%
                                                                                      (Note 1(a))          (Note 1(b))

     Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                        9,346,406                   –                  –         3,739,775           13,086,181                    0.17%
                                                                                                              (Note 2)

     Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                                    –        367,479                    –                    –           367,479                  0.005%
                                                                      (Note 3)


     Notes:
     1. (a) Of these Shares, Pacific Century Diversified Limited (“PCD”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chiltonlink Limited (“Chiltonlink”), held 342,475,956 Shares,
            Eisner Investments Limited (“Eisner”) held 38,222,413 Shares, and Trade Champion Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Excel Global Holdings Limited
            (“Excel Global”), held 154,592,765 Shares. Li Tzar Kai, Richard owned 100% of the issued share capital of Chiltonlink, Eisner and Excel Global.

          (b) These interests represented:

              (i)   a deemed interest in 175,312,270 Shares held by Pacific Century Group Holdings Limited (“PCGH”). Li Tzar Kai, Richard was the founder of certain
                    trusts which held 100% interests in PCGH. Accordingly, Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the 175,312,270
                    Shares held by PCGH; and

              (ii) a deemed interest in 1,753,529,954 Shares held by PCRD, a company in which PCGH had, through itself and certain wholly-owned subsidiaries
                   being Anglang Investments Limited, Pacific Century Group (Cayman Islands) Limited, Pacific Century International Limited and Borsington Limited,
                   an aggregate of 88.67% interest. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was the founder of certain trusts which held 100% interests in PCGH. Accordingly,
                   Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the 1,753,529,954 Shares held by PCRD. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was also
                   deemed to be interested in 1.06% of the issued share capital of PCRD through Hopestar Holdings Limited (“Hopestar”), a company wholly-owned by
                   Li Tzar Kai, Richard.

     2.   These interests represented awards made to Hui Hon Hing, Susanna, which were subject to certain vesting conditions pursuant to the award schemes of the
          Company, the details of which are set out in the section below headed “Share Schemes of the Company and its Subsidiaries”.

     3.   These Shares were held by the spouse of Tse Sze Wing, Edmund.




64        PCCW Annual Report 2024
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, SHARE
STAPLED UNITS, UNDERLYING SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARE STAPLED UNITS AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Interests in the Associated Corporations of the Company
   A. HKT Trust and HKT Limited
       The table below sets out the aggregate long positions in the Share Stapled Units held by the directors and chief executives of the
       Company:

                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                               percentage of the
                                                                            Number of Share Stapled Units held                                   total number of
                                                       Personal             Family          Corporate              Other                          Share Stapled
        Name of Director/Chief Executive               interests          interests          interests          interests              Total       Units in issue

        Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                   –                  –       67,655,964       152,802,281       220,458,245                    2.91%
                                                                                          (Note 1(a))        (Note 1(b))

        Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                        4,583,867                    –                  –        1,573,601         6,157,468                   0.08%
                                                                                                                (Note 2)

        Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                                   –          246,028                    –                  –          246,028               0.003%
                                                                          (Note 3)


        Each Share Stapled Unit confers an interest in:

        (a) one voting ordinary share of HK$0.0005 in HKT; and
        (b) one voting preference share of HK$0.0005 in HKT,

        for the purposes of Part XV of the SFO, in addition to an interest in one unit in the HKT Trust.

        Under the trust deed dated 7 November 2011 constituting the HKT Trust entered into between HKT Management Limited (in its
        capacity as the trustee-manager of the HKT Trust) (the “Trustee-Manager”) and HKT (as supplemented, amended or substituted
        from time to time) and the articles of association of HKT (as amended and restated from time to time), the number of ordinary
        shares and preference shares of HKT in issue must be the same at all times and must also, in each case, be equal to the number of
        units of the HKT Trust in issue; and each of them is equal to the number of Share Stapled Units in issue.

        Notes:
        1. (a) Of these Share Stapled Units, PCD held 20,227,614 Share Stapled Units, Eisner held 46,020,000 Share Stapled Units, and Hopestar held 1,408,350
               Share Stapled Units.

             (b) These interests represented:

                 (i)   a deemed interest in 130,511,730 Share Stapled Units held by PCGH. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the
                       130,511,730 Share Stapled Units held by PCGH; and

                 (ii) a deemed interest in 22,290,551 Share Stapled Units held by PCRD. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the
                      22,290,551 Share Stapled Units held by PCRD.

        2.   These interests represented awards made to Hui Hon Hing, Susanna, which were subject to certain vesting conditions pursuant to the relevant award
             schemes of the Company, and HKT Trust and HKT, the details of which are set out in the section below headed “Share Schemes of the Company and its
             Subsidiaries”.

        3.   These Share Stapled Units were held by the spouse of Tse Sze Wing, Edmund.




                                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024       65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, SHARE
STAPLED UNITS, UNDERLYING SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARE STAPLED UNITS AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Interests in the Associated Corporations of the Company (continued)
   B. Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited
       The table below sets out the aggregate long positions in the shares of PCPD (“PCPD Shares”) held by the directors and chief
       executives of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                             percentage of the
                                                                          Number of ordinary PCPD Shares held                                  total number of
                                                       Personal             Family         Corporate              Other                           PCPD Shares
        Name of Director/Chief Executive               interests         interests           interests         interests             Total              in issue

        Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                   –                 –      207,267,814        402,164,972      609,432,786                 29.90%
                                                                                          (Note 1(a))        (Note 1(b))

        Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                                   –           59,531                   –                  –           59,531               0.003%
                                                                          (Note 2)


        Notes:
        1. (a) Of these PCPD Shares, PCD held 181,520,587 shares and Eisner held 25,747,227 shares.

             (b) These interests represented:

                 (i)   a deemed interest in 118,093,122 PCPD Shares held by PCGH. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the
                       118,093,122 PCPD Shares held by PCGH; and

                 (ii) a deemed interest in 284,071,850 PCPD Shares held by PCRD. Li Tzar Kai, Richard was deemed, under the SFO, to have an interest in the
                      284,071,850 PCPD Shares held by PCRD.

        2.   These PCPD Shares were held by the spouse of Tse Sze Wing, Edmund.


     C. PCPD Capital Limited
        The table below sets out the aggregate long positions in the 5.125% bonds due 2026 (the “2026 Bonds”) issued by PCPD Capital
        Limited, an associated corporation of the Company, held by a director and chief executive of the Company:

                                                                              Principal amount of the 2026 Bonds held (US$)
                                                             Personal                  Family             Corporate                Other
        Name of Director/Chief Executive                     interests               interests             interests            interests                 Total

        Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                         –                      –            21,717,000                     –         21,717,000
                                                                                                             (Note)


        Note:
        These 2026 Bonds were held by Hertford Ventures Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ace Holdings Management Limited (“Ace Holdings”).
        Li Tzar Kai, Richard owned 100% of the issued share capital of Ace Holdings.


Save as disclosed in the foregoing, as at 31 December 2024, none of the directors or chief executives of the Company or their respective
close associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, Share Stapled Units, underlying shares, underlying Share Stapled Units
and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register
required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code of the Listing Rules.




66      PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
1. The Company
   The Company currently has the following share schemes:

   –   Share option scheme adopted on 30 May 2024 (the “Adoption Date”) (“2024 Option Scheme”).

   –   PCCW Purchase Scheme and PCCW Subscription Scheme both adopted on 15 November 2012, the extension of the duration of
       which for a further period of 10 years commencing from 15 November 2022 was approved by the Company on 12 August 2022
       (collectively the “2012 Share Award Schemes”).

       The 2012 Share Award Schemes will remain valid and effective until all outstanding awards granted thereunder have vested, lapsed
       or been cancelled in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme. No further awards have been or will be granted
       under the 2012 Share Award Schemes after the Adoption Date.

   –   PCCW Limited 2024 Share Award Scheme adopted on the Adoption Date (“2024 Share Award Scheme”).

   The total number of new Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted and to be granted under the 2024
   Option Scheme, the 2024 Share Award Scheme and all other scheme(s) of the Company (each a “PCCW Share Scheme”) which are
   funded by the issue of new Shares, must not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme
   Mandate Limit”).

   A. Share Option Scheme
      Pursuant to resolutions passed by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting held on 30 May 2024, following
      the expiration of the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 8 May 2014 (“2014 Option Scheme”), the 2024 Option
      Scheme was adopted. Under the 2024 Option Scheme, the Board shall be entitled to offer to grant share options to any eligible
      participant whom the Board may, at its absolute discretion, select. A summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Option Scheme is
      set out below:

       (1) The purpose of the 2024 Option Scheme is to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests
           in the Company and to encourage eligible participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its shares for
           the benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

       (2) Eligible participants comprise (i) directors and employees of any Group member (including persons who are granted options
           and/or awards under a share scheme as an inducement to enter into employment or service contracts with a Group member)
           (“PCCW Employee Participants”); and (ii) persons who provide services to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its
           ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interests of the long-term growth of the Group or which will contribute
           significantly to the growth of the Group’s financial or business performance, including independent contractors, consultants,
           agents, advisers and suppliers engaged to provide services in relation to research and development, marketing, innovation
           upgrading, strategic/commercial planning on corporate image, investor relations and core administrative functions, excluding
           placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and professional services
           providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and
           objectivity (“PCCW Service Providers”).

       (3) (i) The total number of new Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the 2024 Option
               Scheme must not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date, subject to the Scheme
               Mandate Limit.

           (ii) Within the scheme limit of the 2024 Option Scheme, the total number of new Shares which may be issued pursuant to the
                exercise of options granted to PCCW Service Providers shall be no more than 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue as
                at the Adoption Date (the “Service Provider Sublimit (Option Scheme)”).

           As at the date of this annual report, the total number of new Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the
           2024 Option Scheme is 773,963,824, representing approximately 9.998% of the Shares in issue as at that date, subject to the
           Scheme Mandate Limit.
                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024    67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   A. Share Option Scheme (continued)
      (4) The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options and/or vesting of awards involving new Shares
          granted and to be granted (whether under the 2024 Option Scheme or another PCCW Share Scheme) to any single eligible
          participant, whether or not already a grantee, in any 12-month period shall be subject to a limit that it shall not exceed 1% of
          the Shares in issue at the relevant time (the “Individual Limit”). Any grant or further grant of options to an eligible participant
          (whether or not already a grantee) which would result in the Shares issued and that may be issued upon exercise of all options
          and/or vesting of all awards involving new Shares granted and to be granted (whether under the 2024 Option Scheme or
          another PCCW Share Scheme) to such eligible participant (excluding those Shares issued or issuable in respect of options
          and/or awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including
          the date of such further grant exceeding the Individual Limit shall be subject to the prior approval of shareholders of the
          Company, on which approval the eligible participant, his or her close associates (or associates, if the eligible participant is a
          connected person) shall abstain from voting.

        (5) An option may, subject to the terms and conditions upon which such option is granted, be exercised in whole or in part in the
            manner set out in the scheme rules of 2024 Option Scheme. An option may be exercised during the period commencing on
            the vesting date of the option and expiring on the close of business of the date of expiry of the option as specified in the offer
            letter in respect thereof, which date shall not be later than the day last preceding the 10th anniversary of the date of grant of the
            option.

        (6) A minimum vesting period of 12 months applies to all options that are granted under the 2024 Option Scheme.

        (7) No consideration is payable by the grantee on acceptance of an option.

        (8) The exercise price in relation to each option shall be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion but in any event shall
            not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on
            the date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange
            for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.

        (9) The 2024 Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date. On and after
            the 10th anniversary of the Adoption Date, no further options shall be granted but in all other respects the provisions of the
            2024 Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. Options which are granted during the life of the 2024 Option Scheme
            shall continue to be exercisable in accordance with their terms of issue.

        No Share options have been granted under the 2014 Option Scheme and the 2024 Option Scheme since their adoption and up to
        and including 31 December 2024.

     B. Share Award Schemes
        (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes
        A summary of the principal terms of the 2012 Share Award Schemes is set out below:

        The Company adopted the 2012 Share Award Schemes with the purposes and objectives to recognise the contributions by eligible
        participants and to give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to
        attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

        Participants of the 2012 Share Award Schemes include any director or employee of the Company and its participating companies.

        The 2012 Share Award Schemes are administered by the Board, any committee or sub-committee of the Board and/or any
        person delegated with the power and authority to administer all or any aspects of the respective 2012 Share Award Schemes
        (the “Approving Body”) and an independent trustee (the “Trustee”) appointed to hold the relevant Shares/Share Stapled Units until
        such time as the Shares/Share Stapled Units vest in the selected participants.



68      PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)
      Pursuant to the scheme rules, no sum of money shall be set aside and no Shares/Share Stapled Units shall be purchased or
      subscribed (as the case may be), nor any amounts paid to the Trustee for the purpose of making such a purchase or subscription,
      if, as a result of such purchase or subscription, the number of Shares/Share Stapled Units administered under the schemes and
      any other scheme of a similar nature adopted by the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries would represent in excess of 1% of
      the Shares in issue and/or 1% of the Share Stapled Units in issue (as the case may be) from time to time, (excluding Shares/Share
      Stapled Units which have been transferred to selected participants on vesting) and provided further that the Approving Body may
      resolve to increase such limit at its sole discretion.

       Subject to the relevant scheme rules, each scheme provides that prior to the vesting of the awards under the relevant scheme to
       selected participants, the relevant Shares/Share Stapled Units will be held in trust by the Trustee for such selected participants, and
       will be vested over a period of time determined by the Approving Body, provided that each selected participant shall remain at all
       times up to and including the relevant vesting date (or, as the case may be, each relevant vesting date) an employee or a director
       of the Company or the relevant participating company, and satisfies any other conditions specified at the time the award is made,
       notwithstanding that the Approving Body shall be at liberty to waive such conditions. Other than satisfying the vesting conditions,
       selected participants are not required to provide any consideration in order to acquire the Shares/Share Stapled Units awarded to
       him/her under the schemes. The Approving Body may by resolution terminate the operation of the schemes at any time subject to
       the terms of the schemes.




                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024   69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)
      Details of the Share/Share Stapled Unit awards granted and their movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                                    Number of Share awards
                                                                                               Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                                   at the           as at      Granted     Forfeited        Vested          as at
       Name or category of                                                                       date of       1 January        during        during         during 31 December
       participants                    Date of grant      Vesting period                            grant(a)       2024       the year(b)   the year       the year        2024
                                                                                                     HK$

       (I) PCCW Purchase Scheme (Shares)
       Director/Chief Executive
       Hui Hon Hing, Susanna        19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.52        905,436           —             —        (905,436)(h)   —
                                    20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024         3.85         79,502           —             —         (79,502)(h)   —
                                    4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024             3.92      1,123,823           —             —      (1,123,823)(h)   —
                                    4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025             3.92      1,123,822           —             —              — 1,123,822

       Five Highest Paid Individuals
       In aggregate(c)                 19 April 2022      19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.52       361,015           —              —       (361,015)(h)         —
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                 4.02        96,665           —              —        (96,665)(h)         —
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                 4.02       425,805           —              —             —         425,805
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                 4.19            —       145,251(e)          —             —         145,251
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                 4.19            —       505,561(e)          —             —         505,561

       Service Providers
       In aggregate                    19 April 2022      19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.52       500,448           —              —       (500,448)(h)         —
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                 4.02       424,783           —              —       (424,783)(h)         —
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                 4.02       424,762           —          (1,772)           —         422,990
                                       23 June 2023       23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024               3.85        71,865           —              —        (71,865)(h)         —
                                       23 June 2023       23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025               3.85        71,865           —              —             —          71,865
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                 4.19            —       740,362(e)      (1,848)           —         738,514
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                 4.19            —       740,347(e)      (1,847)           —         738,500

       Other Grantees
       In aggregate                    19 April 2022      19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.52       220,179           —              —       (220,179)(h)         —
                                       1 September 2022   1 September 2022 to 19 April 2024          3.86       101,124           —              —       (101,124)(h)         —
                                       19 April 2023      19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024             4.01        13,422           —              —        (13,422)(h)         —
                                       19 April 2023      19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025             4.01        13,417           —              —             —          13,417
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                 4.02       149,249           —              —       (149,249)(h)         —
                                       30 May 2023        30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                 4.02       231,337           —              —             —         231,337
                                       1 June 2023        1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024                 3.97         4,301           —              —         (4,301)(h)         —
                                       1 June 2023        1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025                 3.97         4,298           —              —             —           4,298
                                       23 June 2023       23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024               3.85        22,379           —              —        (22,379)(h)         —
                                       23 June 2023       23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025               3.85        22,378           —              —             —          22,378
                                       19 April 2024      19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025             3.85            —        16,404(d)          —             —          16,404
                                       19 April 2024      19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026             3.85            —        16,401(d)          —             —          16,401
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                 4.19            —       147,852(e)          —             —         147,852
                                       30 May 2024        30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                 4.19            —       147,850(e)          —             —         147,850

       Total                                                                                                   6,391,875    2,460,028        (5,467)    (4,074,191)     4,772,245




70     PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)

                                                                                                                           Number of Share Stapled Unit awards
                                                                                             Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                                 at the           as at     Granted     Forfeited         Vested          as at
      Name or category of                                                                      date of       1 January       during        during          during 31 December
      participants                    Date of grant     Vesting period                            grant(a)       2024      the year(b)   the year        the year        2024
                                                                                                   HK$

      (II) PCCW Purchase Scheme (Share Stapled Units)
      Director/Chief Executive
      Hui Hon Hing, Susanna         19 April 2022       19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024           10.86        216,420            —             —       (216,420)(i)         —
                                    20 September 2022   20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024       10.22         32,667            —             —        (32,667)(i)         —
                                    4 August 2023       4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024            9.10        262,563            —             —       (262,563)(i)         —
                                    4 August 2023       4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025            9.10        262,562            —             —             —         262,562

      Five Highest Paid Individuals
      In aggregate(c)                 16 April 2020     16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024           11.86         38,730            —             —        (38,730)(i)         —
                                      2 July 2021       2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024             10.56         40,369            —             —        (40,369)(i)         —
                                      2 July 2021       2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025             10.56         40,369            —             —             —          40,369
                                      19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024           10.86         47,565            —             —        (47,565)(i)         —
                                      19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025           10.86         41,413            —             —             —          41,413
                                      19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026           10.86         41,412            —             —             —          41,412
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                9.98         42,674            —             —        (42,674)(i)         —
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                9.98         42,674            —             —             —          42,674
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026                9.98         42,674            —             —             —          42,674
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027                9.98         42,673            —             —             —          42,673
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                9.20             —         79,429(g)         —             —          79,429
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                9.20             —         79,429(g)         —             —          79,429
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2027                9.20             —         50,281(g)         —             —          50,281
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2028                9.20             —         50,279(g)         —             —          50,279

      Service Providers
      In aggregate                    19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024           10.86        205,634           —              —       (205,634)(i)         —
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                9.98        162,490           —              —       (162,490)(i)         —
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                9.98        162,469           —            (678)           —         161,791
                                      23 June 2023      23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024              9.05         27,488           —              —        (27,488)(i)         —
                                      23 June 2023      23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025              9.05         27,488           —              —             —          27,488
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                9.20             —       323,714(g)        (809)           —         322,905
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                9.20             —       323,694(g)        (807)           —         322,887

      Other Grantees
      In aggregate                    19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024           10.86         95,230            —         (1,822)      (93,408)(i)         —
                                      19 April 2023     19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024           10.18         70,203            —         (2,225)      (67,978)(i)         —
                                      19 April 2023     19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025           10.18         70,107            —         (5,931)           —          64,176
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                9.98         50,682            —             —        (50,682)(i)         —
                                      30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                9.98         50,680            —             —             —          50,680
                                      23 June 2023      23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024              9.05         10,125            —             —        (10,125)(i)         —
                                      23 June 2023      23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025              9.05         10,120            —           (207)           —           9,913
                                      19 April 2024     19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025            8.68             —         99,651(f)     (7,858)           —          91,793
                                      19 April 2024     19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026            8.68             —         99,533(f)     (7,846)           —          91,687
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                9.20             —         77,323(g)         —             —          77,323
                                      30 May 2024       30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                9.20             —         77,320(g)         —             —          77,320

      Total                                                                                                  2,137,481    1,260,653       (28,183)   (1,298,793)      2,071,158




                                                                                                                                         PCCW Annual Report 2024            71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                                              Number of Share awards
                                                                                         Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                             at the           as at      Granted     Forfeited        Vested          as at
      Name or category of                                                                  date of       1 January        during        during         during 31 December
      participants                   Date of grant     Vesting period                         grant(a)       2024       the year(b)   the year       the year        2024
                                                                                               HK$

      (III) PCCW Subscription Scheme (Shares)
      Employee Participants
      In aggregate                    16 April 2020    16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024          4.64        100,786           —             —        (100,786)(h)        —
                                      2 July 2021      2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024            4.09        100,336           —             —        (100,336)(h)        —
                                      2 July 2021      2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025            4.09        100,335           —             —              —        100,335
                                      4 March 2022     4 March 2022 to 16 April 2024           4.34        153,131           —             —        (153,131)(h)        —
                                      19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024          4.52      1,354,135           —        (24,040)    (1,330,095)(h)        —
                                      19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025          4.52        100,787           —             —              —        100,787
                                      19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026          4.52        100,786           —             —              —        100,786
                                      15 August 2022   15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024         4.15          5,710           —             —          (5,710)(h)        —
                                      19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024          4.01      1,261,529           —        (33,115)    (1,228,414)(h)        —
                                      19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025          4.01      1,260,739           —       (105,357)            — 1,155,382
                                      30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024              4.02        620,430           —             —        (620,430)(h)        —
                                      30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025              4.02        620,422           —             —       (291,045)(h, j) 329,377
                                      30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026              4.02        111,568           —             —              —        111,568
                                      30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027              4.02        111,565           —             —              —        111,565
                                      23 June 2023     23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024            3.85         69,770           —         (3,843)       (65,927)(h)        —
                                      23 June 2023     23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025            3.85         69,717           —         (5,250)            —         64,467
                                      19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025          3.85             —     1,931,656(d)   (386,941)            — 1,544,715
                                      19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026          3.85             —     1,878,011(d)   (386,876)            — 1,491,135
                                      30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025              4.19             —       391,406(e)         —              —        391,406
                                      30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026              4.19             —       391,392(e)         —              —        391,392
                                      30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2027              4.19             —       115,000(e)         —              —        115,000
                                      30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2028              4.19             —       115,000(e)         —              —        115,000

      Total                                                                                              6,141,746    4,822,465      (945,422)    (3,895,874)    6,122,915




72    PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)
      Notes:
      (a) The fair value of the awards granted is measured by the quoted market price of the Shares/Share Stapled Units at the respective dates of grant. A
          description of the basis for fair value measurement is set out in note 2(ac)(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.

      (b) The identity of the grantees and the number of awards granted to each grantee were determined by the Company’s Remuneration Committee after having
          taken into account the performance of the Group and the grantees’ contribution thereto for the relevant financial period, such that relevant performance
          targets have already been met before any grant is decided to be made. Accordingly, there is no performance target stipulated as a condition to vesting of
          the awards granted.

      (c) Excluding the details of the awards granted to a Director who is one of the five individuals with the highest emoluments during the year, where the relevant
          details are reflected in the category of “Director/Chief Executive”.

      (d) The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$3.85 per Share

      (e) The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$4.20 per Share.

      (f)   The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$8.80 per Share Stapled Unit.

      (g) The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$9.21 per Share Stapled Unit.

      (h) The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the awards vested was HK$3.97 per Share.

      (i)   The weighted average closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the dates on which the awards vested was HK$9.13 per Share Stapled
            Unit.

      (j)   These 291,045 Share awards were accelerated vesting of awards.




                                                                                                                                    PCCW Annual Report 2024        73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (ii) 2024 Share Award Scheme
      A summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Share Award Scheme is set out below:

       (1) The objectives of the 2024 Share Award Scheme are to:

           (a) recognise the contributions by certain selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the
               Company;

           (b) give incentives to such individuals in order to encourage and retain them for the continual operation and development of the
               Group;

           (c) provide additional incentives for such individuals to achieve performance goals;

           (d) attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group; and

           (e) motivate the selected participants to maximise the value of the Company for the benefit of both the selected participants
               and the Company,

           with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the selected participants
           directly with those of the shareholders of the Company through ownership of Shares.

       (2) Eligible participants comprise (a) PCCW Employee Participants; (b) directors and employees of any holding companies, fellow
           subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company (“PCCW Related Entity Participants”); and (c) PCCW Service Providers.

       (3) (a) The total number of new Shares which may be awarded under the 2024 Share Award Scheme shall be no more than 10%
               of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date, subject to the Scheme Mandate Limit.

           (b) Within the scheme limit of the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the total number of new Shares which may be awarded to PCCW
               Service Providers shall be no more than 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Service
               Provider Sublimit (Award Scheme)”).

           (c) There is no limit on the number of existing Shares which may be awarded to selected participants under the 2024 Share
               Award Scheme.

           As at the date of this annual report, the total number of new Shares in respect of which awards may be granted under the
           2024 Share Award Scheme is 773,885,157, representing approximately 9.997% of the Shares in issue as at that date, subject
           to the Scheme Mandate Limit.

       (4) No award may be granted to any one eligible participant such that the total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect
           of all options and awards granted to such person (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of
           the corresponding scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of the latest grant exceeds in aggregate 1% of
           the total issued Shares, unless the grant is separately approved by shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such
           grantee and his close associates (or associates, if the grantee is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

       (5) The vesting period of an award of Shares must generally be at least 12 months.

       (6) No purchase price is payable by selected participants upon acceptance or vesting of awards to be made under the 2024 Share
           Award Scheme.

       (7) The 2024 Share Award Scheme will be valid for a period of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date, subject to early
           termination by the Board.



74     PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
1. The Company (continued)
   B. Share Award Schemes (continued)
      (ii) 2024 Share Award Scheme (continued)
      Details of the Share awards granted and their movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Number of Share awards
                                                                                                Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                                    at the           as at      Granted     Forfeited        Vested          as at
       Name or category of                                                                        date of       1 January        during        during         during 31 December
       participants                    Date of grant       Vesting period                            grant(a)       2024       the year(b)   the year       the year        2024
                                                                                                      HK$

       (I) Grants funded by existing Shares
       Director/Chief Executive
       Hui Hon Hing, Susanna            26 June 2024       26 June 2024 to 26 June 2025               3.88             —     1,307,977(c)         —              —      1,307,977
                                        26 June 2024       26 June 2024 to 26 June 2026               3.88             —     1,307,976(c)         —              —      1,307,976

       Total                                                                                                           —     2,615,953            —              —      2,615,953

       (II) Grants funded by new Shares
       Employee Participants
       In aggregate                     22 August 2024     22 August 2024 to 22 August 2025           4.29             —        39,334(d)         —              —         39,334
                                        22 August 2024     22 August 2024 to 22 August 2026           4.29             —        39,333(d)         —              —         39,333

       Total                                                                                                           —       78,667             —              —         78,667


       Notes:
       (a) The fair value of the awards granted is measured by the quoted market price of the Shares at the date of grant. A description of the basis for fair value
           measurement is set out in note 2(ac)(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.

       (b) The identity of the grantees and the number of awards granted to each grantee were determined by the Company’s Remuneration Committee after having
           taken into account the performance of the Group and the grantees’ contribution thereto for the relevant financial period, such that relevant performance
           targets have already been met before any grant is decided to be made. Accordingly, there is no performance target stipulated as a condition to vesting of
           the awards granted.

       (c) The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$3.87 per Share.

       (d) The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$4.26 per Share.


       Further details of the PCCW Share Award Schemes are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

   As at 1 January 2024, the number of Share options available for grant under the 2014 Option Scheme pursuant to its scheme limit
   was 728,229,465, and the number of Share awards available for grant under the PCCW Subscription Scheme pursuant to its scheme
   limit was 71,254,636. On the Adoption Date, these schemes were replaced (by the 2024 Option Scheme and the 2024 Share Award
   Scheme, respectively) and no further grants have been or will be made under these schemes after the Adoption Date.

   As at the Adoption Date and immediately after the adoption of the 2024 Option Scheme and the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the
   number of Share options and awards available for grant under all Share schemes involving the issue of new Shares pursuant to the
   Scheme Mandate Limit was 773,963,824; and, within the Scheme Mandate Limit, the Service Provider Sublimit (Option Scheme) was
   38,698,191 and the Service Provider Sublimit (Award Scheme) was 38,698,191.

   As at 31 December 2024, the number of Share options and awards available for grant under all Share schemes involving the issue of
   new Shares pursuant to the Scheme Mandate Limit was 773,885,157; and, within the Scheme Mandate Limit, the Service Provider
   Sublimit (Option Scheme) was 38,698,191 and the Service Provider Sublimit (Award Scheme) was 38,698,191.

   For the year ended 31 December 2024, options and awards to subscribe for a total of 4,901,132 Shares were granted under all Share
   schemes involving the issue of new Shares, representing approximately 0.06% of the weighted average number of Shares in issue.
                                                                                                                                            PCCW Annual Report 2024            75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited
   HKT Trust and HKT currently have the following Share Stapled Unit schemes:

     –   Share Stapled Unit option scheme adopted on the Adoption Date (the “HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme”).

     –   HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme and HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme both adopted on 11 October 2011,
         the extension of the duration of which for a further term of 10 years commencing from 11 October 2021 was approved by the HKT
         Board on 5 August 2021 (collectively the “HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes”).

         The HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes will remain valid and effective until all outstanding awards granted thereunder
         have vested, lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme. No further awards have been or
         will be granted under the HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes after the Adoption Date.

     –   HKT Trust and HKT Limited 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme adopted on the Adoption Date (the “HKT 2024 Share Stapled
         Unit Award Scheme”).

     The total number of new Share Stapled Units which may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted and to be granted under
     the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme, the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme and all other scheme(s) of
     the HKT Trust and HKT (each a “HKT Share Scheme”) which are funded by the issue of new Share Stapled Units, must not exceed 10%
     of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue as at the Adoption Date (“HKT Scheme Mandate Limit”).

     A. Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme
        Pursuant to resolutions passed by the holders of Share Stapled Units and the shareholders of the Company at their annual general
        meetings held on 30 May 2024, the Share Stapled Unit option scheme adopted by HKT Trust and HKT on 7 May 2021
        (the “HKT 2021-2031 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme”) was terminated and the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option
        Scheme was adopted. Under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme, the board of directors of the
        Trustee-Manager (the “Trustee-Manager Board”) and the HKT Board shall be entitled to offer to grant Share Stapled Unit options to
        any eligible participant whom the Trustee-Manager Board and the HKT Board may, at their absolute discretion, select. A summary
        of the principal terms of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme is set out below:

         (1) The purpose of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme is to enable the HKT Trust and HKT, acting jointly by
             mutual agreement between them, to grant options to the eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to
             the growth of the HKT Trust and HKT and its subsidiaries (collectively the “HKT Group”) and to provide the HKT Group with a
             more flexible means to reward, remunerate, compensate and/or provide benefits to the eligible participants.

         (2) Eligible participants comprise (i) directors and employees of any HKT Group member (including persons who are granted
             options and/or awards under a HKT share scheme as an inducement to enter into employment or service contracts with a
             HKT Group member) (“HKT Employee Participants”) and (ii) persons who provide services to HKT Group on a continuing or
             recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interests of the long-term growth of HKT Group
             or which will contribute significantly to the growth of HKT Group’s financial or business performance, including independent
             contractors, consultants, agents, advisers and suppliers engaged to provide services in relation to research and development,
             marketing, innovation upgrading, strategic/commercial planning on corporate image, investor relations and core administrative
             functions, excluding placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and
             professional services providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with
             impartiality and objectivity (“HKT Service Providers”).




76       PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   A. Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme (continued)
      (3) (i) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme, no option may be granted
              under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme if the exercise of the option may result in the Company
              ceasing to hold at least 51% of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue (on a fully diluted basis assuming full
              conversion or exercise of all outstanding options and other rights of subscription, conversion and exchange for Share
              Stapled Units).

           (ii) Subject to the further limitation in (i) above, as required by the Listing Rules, the total number of new Share Stapled Units
                which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option
                Scheme must not exceed 10% of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue as at the Adoption Date, subject to the
                HKT Scheme Mandate Limit.

           (iii) Within the scheme limit of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme, the total number of new Share Stapled
                 Units which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted to HKT Service Providers must not exceed 0.5%
                 of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Service Provider Sublimit (HKT Option
                 Scheme)”).

           As at the date of this annual report, the total number of new Share Stapled Units in respect of which options may be granted
           under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme is 757,974,233, representing approximately 9.99996% of the
           Share Stapled Units in issue as at that date, subject to the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit.

       (4) The total number of Share Stapled Units issued and to be issued upon exercise of options and/or awards involving new Share
           Stapled Units granted (whether under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme or another HKT Share Scheme)
           to each eligible participant (excluding options and/or awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme)
           in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued Share Stapled Units. Where any further grant of options to an eligible
           participant would result in the total number of Share Stapled Units issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options and/or
           awards involving new Share Stapled Units granted and to be granted (whether under the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled
           Unit Option Scheme or another HKT Share Scheme) to such eligible participant (excluding options and/or awards lapsed in
           accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further
           grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the issued Share Stapled Units as at the date of such further grant, such further
           grant must be subject to the separate approval of an ordinary resolution of registered holders of Share Stapled Units and (for so
           long as HKT remains a principal subsidiary of the Company) shareholders of the Company in general meeting, with such eligible
           participant and his/her close associates (or his/her associates if the eligible participant is a connected person) abstaining from
           voting.

       (5) An option may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the terms of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option
           Scheme at any time during a period to be notified by the Trustee-Manager Board and the HKT Board to each grantee, provided
           that the expiry date of such period shall not to exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the option.

       (6) An option must generally be held for at least 12 months before it can be exercised.

       (7) No consideration is payable by the grantee on acceptance of an option.

       (8) The subscription price for Share Stapled Units in respect of any particular option granted under the HKT 2024-2034 Share
           Stapled Unit Option Scheme shall be such price as the Trustee-Manager Board and the HKT Board shall determine, provided
           that such price shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price per Share Stapled Unit on the main board as stated in
           the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the proposed date of grant of the option, which must be a business day; (ii) the
           average closing price per Share Stapled Unit on the main board as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for
           the five business days immediately preceding the proposed date of grant of the option, and (iii) the nominal value of a Share
           Stapled Unit.



                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024    77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   A. Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme (continued)
      (9) Subject to the early termination by an ordinary resolution in general meeting of registered holders of Share Stapled Units or
          resolutions of the Trustee-Manager Board and the HKT Board, the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme shall
          be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date, after which period no further options will
          be offered or granted but the provisions of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme shall remain in full force
          and effect in all other respects with respect to options granted during the life of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option
          Scheme.

        No Share Stapled Unit options have been granted under the HKT 2021-2031 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme and the
        HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme since their adoption and up to and including 31 December 2024.

     B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes
        (i) HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes
        A summary of the principal terms of the HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes is set out below:

        The purposes of the HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes are to incentivise and reward participants for their contribution
        to the growth of the HKT and its subsidiaries (collectively the “HKT Limited Group”) and to provide the HKT Limited Group with a
        more flexible means to reward, remunerate, compensate and/or provide benefits to the participants.

        Participants of the HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes include any director or employee of HKT or any of its subsidiaries.

        The HKT 2011 Share Stapled Units Award Schemes are administered by the HKT Board, any committee or sub-committee of the
        HKT Board and/or any person delegated with the power and authority to administer all or any aspects of the respective HKT 2011
        Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (the “HKT Approving Body”) and an independent trustee (the “Trustee”) appointed to hold the
        relevant Share Stapled Units until such time as the Share Stapled Units vest in the selected participants.

        Pursuant to the scheme rules, no sum of money shall be set aside and no Share Stapled Units shall be purchased or subscribed (as
        the case may be), nor any amounts paid to the Trustee for the purpose of making such a purchase or subscription, if, as a result of
        such purchase or subscription, the number of Share Stapled Units administered under the respective schemes would represent in
        excess of 1% of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue from time to time, excluding the Share Stapled Units which have
        been transferred to selected participants on vesting. In addition, under the HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme, no sum
        of money shall be set aside and no Share Stapled Units shall be subscribed nor any amounts paid to the Trustee for the purpose of
        making such a subscription if:

        (a) as a result of such subscription, the Company’s aggregate holding of Share Stapled Units would on a fully-diluted basis (which
            shall take into account the relevant subscription(s) proposed to be made under the HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription
            Scheme, the amount of all outstanding options in respect of Share Stapled Units as granted pursuant to HKT’s Share Stapled
            Unit option scheme(s), and all other rights or entitlements granted by HKT concerning the prospective allotment of new Share
            Stapled Units) represent less than 51% of the total number of Share Stapled Units as would exist were all such commitments to
            allot new Share Stapled Units to be duly fulfilled; or

        (b) HKT does not have a relevant general mandate or specific mandate from holders of Share Stapled Units necessary to effect the
            allotment and issue of Share Stapled Units pursuant to the scheme.




78      PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      Subject to the relevant scheme rules, each scheme provides that prior to the vesting of the awards under the relevant scheme to
      selected participants, the relevant Share Stapled Units will be held in trust by the Trustee for such selected participants, and will
      be vested over a period of time determined by the HKT Approving Body, provided that each selected participant shall remain at all
      times up to and including the relevant vesting date (or, as the case may be, each relevant vesting date) an employee or a director
      of the HKT Limited Group, and satisfies any other conditions specified at the time the award is made, notwithstanding that the
      HKT Approving Body shall be at liberty to waive such conditions. Other than satisfying the vesting conditions, selected participants
      are not required to provide any consideration in order to acquire the Share Stapled Units awarded to him/her under the schemes.
      The HKT Approving Body may by resolution terminate the operation of the schemes at any time subject to the terms of the
      schemes.




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024   79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      Details of the Share Stapled Unit awards granted and their movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                           Number of Share Stapled Unit awards
                                                                                             Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                                 at the           as at     Granted     Forfeited         Vested          as at
                                                                                               date of       1 January       during        during          during 31 December
       Name or category of participants   Date of grant    Vesting period                         grant(a)       2024      the year(b)   the year        the year        2024
                                                                                                   HK$

       (I) HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme
       Director/Chief Executive
       Hui Hon Hing, Susanna             19 April 2022     19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024        10.86        155,619            —             —       (155,619)(f)          —
                                         4 August 2023     4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024         9.10        167,292            —             —       (167,292)(f)          —
                                         4 August 2023     4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025         9.10        167,292            —             —             —          167,292

       Five Highest Paid Individuals
       In aggregate(c)                    19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024        10.86         20,014            —             —        (20,014)(f)          —
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024             9.98         36,975            —             —        (36,975)(f)          —
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025             9.98         36,973            —             —             —           36,973
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025             9.20             —         34,359(e)         —             —           34,359
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026             9.20             —         34,358(e)         —             —           34,358

       Other Grantees
       In aggregate                       19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024        10.86         26,744            —             —        (26,744)(f)          —
                                          19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024        10.18          5,135            —             —         (5,135)(f)          —
                                          19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025        10.18          5,132            —             —              —           5,132
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024             9.98         12,418            —             —        (12,418)(f)          —
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025             9.98         12,417            —             —              —          12,417
                                          1 June 2023      1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024             9.96          1,646            —             —          (1,646)(f)         —
                                          1 June 2023      1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025             9.96          1,645            —             —              —           1,645
                                          19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025         8.68             —          5,749(d)         —              —           5,749
                                          19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026         8.68             —          5,746(d)         —              —           5,746
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025             9.20             —          3,112(e)         —              —           3,112
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026             9.20             —          3,111(e)         —              —           3,111

       Total                                                                                                  649,302       86,435             —       (425,843)        309,894

       (II) HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme
       Employee Participants
       In aggregate                       19 April 2022    19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024        10.86        487,970           —          (8,053)     (479,917)(f)          —
                                          15 August 2022   15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024       11.00          2,346           —              —          (2,346)(f)         —
                                          19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024        10.18        412,806           —         (10,457)     (402,349)(f)          —
                                          19 April 2023    19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025        10.18        412,100           —         (34,361)            —         377,739
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024             9.98         77,310           —              —        (77,310)(f)          —
                                          30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025             9.98         77,298           —              —              —          77,298
                                          23 June 2023     23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024           9.05         25,156           —          (1,473)       (23,683)(f)         —
                                          23 June 2023     23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025           9.05         25,105           —          (1,800)            —          23,305
                                          19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025         8.68             —       592,718(d)     (30,194)            —         562,524
                                          19 April 2024    19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026         8.68             —       591,812(d)     (30,130)            —         561,682
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025             9.20             —       105,069(e)          —              —         105,069
                                          30 May 2024      30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026             9.20             —       105,054(e)          —              —         105,054

       Total                                                                                                 1,520,091    1,394,653      (116,468)     (985,605)       1,812,671




80     PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (i) HKT 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
       Notes:
       (a) The fair value of the awards granted is measured by the quoted market price of the Share Stapled Units at the respective dates of grant. For description of
           the basis of the fair value measurement, please see 2024 annual report of HKT Trust and HKT.

       (b) The identity of the grantees and the number of awards granted to each grantee were determined by HKT’s Remuneration Committee after having taken
           into account the performance of the HKT Limited Group and the grantees’ contribution thereto for the relevant financial period, such that relevant
           performance targets have already been met before any grant is decided to be made. Accordingly, there is no performance target stipulated as a condition
           to vesting of the awards granted.

       (c) Excluding the details of the awards granted to a Director who is one of the five individuals with the highest emoluments during the year, where the relevant
           details are reflected in the category of “Director/Chief Executive”.

       (d) The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$8.80 per Share Stapled Unit.

       (e) The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$9.21 per Share Stapled Unit.

       (f)   The weighted average closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the dates on which the awards vested was HK$8.98 per Share Stapled
             Unit.


       (ii) HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme
       A summary of the principal terms of the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme is set out below:

       (1) The objectives of the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme are to:

             (a) recognise the contributions by certain selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the
                 HKT Trust and HKT;

             (b) give incentives to such individuals in order to encourage and retain them for the continual operation and development of
                 HKT Group;

             (c) provide additional incentives for such individuals to achieve performance goals;

             (d) attract suitable personnel for further development of HKT Group; and

             (e) motivate the selected participants to maximise the value of the HKT Trust and HKT for the benefit of the selected
                 participants, the HKT Trust and HKT,

             with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of HKT Group and aligning the interests of the selected
             participants directly with those of the registered holders of Share Stapled Units through ownership of Share Stapled Units.

       (2) Eligible participants comprise (a) HKT Employee Participants; (b) directors and employees of any holding companies, fellow
           subsidiaries or associated companies of HKT Trust and HKT (“HKT Related Entity Participants”); and (c) HKT Service Providers.




                                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024        81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (ii) HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme (continued)
      (3) (a) The total number of new Share Stapled Units which may be awarded under the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award
              Scheme shall be no more than 10% of the total number of Share Stapled Units in issue as at the Adoption Date, subject to
              the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit.

               (b) Within the scheme limit of HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme, the total number of new Share Stapled Units
                   which may be awarded to HKT Service Providers shall be no more than 0.5% of the total number of Share Stapled Units in
                   issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Service Provider Sublimit (HKT Award Scheme)”).

               (c) There is no limit on the number of existing Share Stapled Units which may be awarded to selected participants under the
                   HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme.

               As at the date of this annual report, the total number of new Share Stapled Units in respect of which awards may be granted
               under the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme is 757,939,838, representing approximately 9.9995% of the Share
               Stapled Units in issue as at that date, subject to the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit.

       (4) No award may be granted to any one eligible participant such that the total number of Share Stapled Units issued and to be
           issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such person (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance
           with the terms of the corresponding scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of the latest grant exceeds
           in aggregate 1% of the total issued Share Stapled Units, unless the grant is separately approved by registered holders of Share
           Stapled Units and (for so long as HKT remains a principal subsidiary of the Company) shareholders of the Company in general
           meeting, with such grantee and his close associates (or associates, if the grantee is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

       (5) The vesting period of an award of Share Stapled Units must generally be at least 12 months.

       (6) No purchase price is payable by selected participants upon acceptance or vesting of awards made under the HKT 2024 Share
           Stapled Unit Award Scheme.

       (7) The HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the
           Adoption Date, subject to early termination by the Trustee-Manager Board and the HKT Board.

       Details of the Share Stapled Unit awards granted and their movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Number of Share Stapled Unit awards
                                                                                              Fair value      Unvested                     Lapsed/                     Unvested
                                                                                                  at the           as at    Granted      Forfeited         Vested          as at
                                                                                                date of       1 January       during        during          during 31 December
       Name or category of participants   Date of grant    Vesting period                          grant(a)       2024      the year(b)   the year        the year        2024
                                                                                                    HK$

       (I) Grants funded by existing Share Stapled Units
       Director/Chief Executive
       Hui Hon Hing, Susanna               26 June 2024    26 June 2024 to 26 June 2025            8.72              —      571,874(c)          —              —        571,874
                                           26 June 2024    26 June 2024 to 26 June 2026            8.72              —      571,873(c)          —              —        571,873

       Total                                                                                                         —     1,143,747            —              —      1,143,747

       (II) Grants funded by new Share Stapled Units
       Related Entity Participants
       In aggregate                       22 August 2024   22 August 2024 to 22 August 2025        9.95              —       17,198(d)          —              —         17,198
                                          22 August 2024   22 August 2024 to 22 August 2026        9.95              —       17,197(d)          —              —         17,197

       Total                                                                                                         —       34,395             —              —         34,395



82     PCCW Annual Report 2024
SHARE SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
2. HKT Trust and HKT Limited (continued)
   B. Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (ii) HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme (continued)
        Notes:
        (a) The fair value of awards granted is measured by the quoted market price of the Share Stapled Units at the respective dates of grant. For description of the
            basis of the fair value measurement, please see 2024 annual report of HKT Trust and HKT.

        (b) The identity of the grantees and the number of awards granted to each grantee were determined by HKT’s Remuneration Committee after having taken
            into account the performance of the HKT Limited Group and the grantees’ contribution thereto for the relevant financial period, such that relevant
            performance targets have already been met before any grant is decided to be made. Accordingly, there is no performance target stipulated as a condition
            to vesting of the awards granted.

        (c) The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$8.79 per Share Stapled Unit.

        (d) The closing price of the Share Stapled Units immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HK$9.90 per Share Stapled Unit.


        Further details of the HKT Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

    As at 1 January 2024, the number of Share Stapled Unit options available for grant under the HKT 2021-2031 Share Stapled Unit Option
    Scheme pursuant to its scheme limit was 757,574,233, and the number of Share Stapled Unit awards available for grant under the
    HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme pursuant to its scheme limit was 74,277,332. On the Adoption Date, these schemes
    were replaced (by the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme and the HKT 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme,
    respectively) and no further grants have been or will be made under these schemes after the Adoption Date.

    As at the Adoption Date and immediately after the adoption of the HKT 2024-2034 Share Stapled Unit Option Scheme and the HKT
    2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme, the number of Share Stapled Unit options and awards available for grant under all Share
    Stapled Unit schemes involving the issue of new Share Stapled Units pursuant to the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit was 757,974,233;
    and, within the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit, the Service Provider Sublimit (HKT Option Scheme) was 37,898,711 and the Service
    Provider Sublimit (HKT Award Scheme) was 37,898,711.

    As at 31 December 2024, the number of Share Stapled Unit options and awards available for grant under all Share Stapled Unit
    schemes involving the issue of new Share Stapled Units pursuant to the HKT Scheme Mandate Limit was 757,939,838; and within the
    HKT Scheme Mandate Limit, the Service Provider Sublimit (HKT Option Scheme) was 37,898,711 and the Service Provider Sublimit
    (HKT Award Scheme) was 37,898,711.

    For the year ended 31 December 2024, options and awards to subscribe for a total of 1,429,048 Share Stapled Units were granted
    under all Share Stapled Unit schemes involving the issue of new Share Stapled Units, representing approximately 0.02% of the weighted
    average number of Share Stapled Units in issue.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year under review was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow
subsidiaries a party to any arrangement that may enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares or Share Stapled Units in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and none of the directors or chief executives
of the Company or their spouses or children under 18 years of age had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or
any of its associated corporations or had exercised any such right during the year under review.




                                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024        83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Group has the share option schemes and the share award schemes with details set out in the section above headed “Share Schemes of
the Company and its Subsidiaries” and note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2024, the following persons (other than directors or chief executives of the Company) were substantial shareholders
of the Company and had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                Number of               percentage of
                                                                                                                       Shares/underlying         the total number of
Name of shareholder                                                                                    Note(s)                 Shares held            Shares in issue

Long Positions
PCRD                                                                                                                       1,753,529,954                       22.65%
PCGH                                                                                                       1               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
Star Ocean Ultimate Limited                                                                             2 and 3            1,928,842,224                       24.92%
The Ocean Trust                                                                                            2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
The Starlite Trust                                                                                         2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
OS Holdings Limited                                                                                        2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
Ocean Star Management Limited                                                                              2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
The Ocean Unit Trust                                                                                       2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
The Starlite Unit Trust                                                                                    2               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
Star Ocean Ultimate Holdings Limited                                                                       3               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
Fung Jenny Wai Ling                                                                                        4               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
Huang Lester Garson                                                                                        4               1,928,842,224                       24.92%
China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (“Unicom”)                                       5               1,424,935,885                       18.41%


Notes:
1. These interests represented (i) PCGH’s beneficial interests in 175,312,270 Shares; and (ii) PCGH’s interests (through itself and its controlled corporations, being
    its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Borsington Limited, Pacific Century International Limited, Pacific Century Group (Cayman Islands) Limited and Anglang Investments
    Limited, which together controlled 88.67% of the issued share capital of PCRD) in 1,753,529,954 Shares held by PCRD.

2.   On 18 April 2004, Li Tzar Kai, Richard transferred the entire issued share capital of PCGH to Ocean Star Management Limited as trustee of The Ocean Unit Trust
     and The Starlite Unit Trust. The entire issued share capital of Ocean Star Management Limited was held by OS Holdings Limited. The Ocean Trust and The Starlite
     Trust held all units of The Ocean Unit Trust and The Starlite Unit Trust respectively. Star Ocean Ultimate Limited was the discretionary trustee of The Ocean Trust
     and The Starlite Trust.

3.   On 4 November 2013, Star Ocean Ultimate Limited became a controlled corporation of Star Ocean Ultimate Holdings Limited.

4.   Fung Jenny Wai Ling and Huang Lester Garson were deemed to be interested in such Shares under the SFO as each of them controlled the exercise of one-third
     or more of the voting power at general meetings of each of Ocean Star Investment Management Limited, OS Holdings Limited and Star Ocean Ultimate Holdings
     Limited.

5.   Unicom indirectly held these interests through China Unicom Group Corporation (BVI) Limited, a company wholly-owned by Unicom.




84       PCCW Annual Report 2024
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF OTHER PERSONS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
As at 31 December 2024, the following person (other than directors or chief executives or substantial shareholders (as disclosed in the
previous section headed “Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders”) of the Company) had interests or short positions in the
Shares and underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                              Number of               percentage of
                                                                                                                      Shares/underlying        the total number of
Name                                                                                                                         Shares held            Shares in issue

Long Positions
Ocean Star Investment Management Limited (Note)                                                                          1,928,842,224                        24.92%


Note:
Ocean Star Investment Management Limited was deemed interested under the SFO in the Shares by virtue of it being the investment manager of The Ocean Unit Trust
and The Starlite Unit Trust which together held 100% of PCGH (see the notes to the previous section headed “Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders”).


Save as disclosed above in this section and the previous section headed “Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders”,
the Company has not been notified of any other persons (other than directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or
a short position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO as at 31 December 2024.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Details of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions; and significant related party transactions are disclosed in this
report and in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

Save for the above, no other transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company or his/her connected entity had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any
business of the Company were entered into or subsisted during the year.




                                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024        85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the interests of the directors of the Company in competing business required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

Name of Director                        Name of company                                      Nature of business                                     Nature of interests

Li Tzar Kai, Richard                    CK Hutchison Holdings Limited                        Ports and related services, retail,                    (Note)
                                        (“CK Hutchison”) and its subsidiaries                infrastructure and telecommunications


                                        CK Asset Holdings Limited                            Property development and investment,                   (Note)
                                        (“CK Asset”) and its subsidiaries                    hotel and serviced suite operation,
                                                                                             property and project management,
                                                                                             pub operation and investment in
                                                                                             infrastructure and utility asset operation


Tang Yongbo                             Unicom                                               Telecommunications business and                        Vice General Manager
                                                                                             other related businesses


                                        China United Network                                 Telecommunications business and                        Senior Vice President
                                        Communications Limited                               other related businesses


                                        China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                     Telecommunications business and                        Senior Vice President
                                        (“Unicom HK”)                                        other related businesses


                                        China United Network                                 Telecommunications business and                        Director and Senior
                                        Communications Corporation Limited                   other related businesses                               Vice President


                                        China Tower Corporation Limited                      Construction and operation of                          Non-Executive Director
                                                                                             telecommunications towers


                                        China Communications Services                        Provision of integrated comprehensive                  Non-Executive Director
                                        Corporation Limited                                  smart solutions in the field of
                                                                                             informatisation and digitalisation


Meng Shusen                             China Unicom Global Limited                          Telecommunications business and                        Chairwoman and
                                        (“CUG”, a subsidiary of Unicom HK)                   other related businesses                               President of CUG


                                        China Unicom (Hong Kong)                             Telecommunications business and                        Director and President
                                        Operations Limited (“CUHK”,                          other related businesses                               of CUHK
                                        a subsidiary of Unicom HK)


Wang Fang (resigned with                Unicom                                               Telecommunications business and                        General Manager of the
   effect from 28 June 2024)                                                                 other related businesses                               Finance Department


Note:
Li Tzar Kai, Richard has a personal interest in 75,240 shares in each of CK Hutchison and CK Asset. His father Li Ka-shing is the settlor of certain discretionary trusts of
which the discretionary beneficiaries are, inter alia, Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor and Li Tzar Kai, Richard. Such discretionary trusts hold units in certain unit trusts (together “LKS
Trusts”). The LKS Trusts are interested in certain shares of CK Hutchison and CK Asset. Certain businesses of CK Hutchison and CK Asset may compete with certain
aspects of the businesses of the Group during the year.




86       PCCW Annual Report 2024
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS (CONTINUED)
In addition, Li Tzar Kai, Richard is a director of certain private companies (the “Private Companies”), which are engaged in property
development and investment.

Further, Li Tzar Kai, Richard is a director and Chairman of PCRD. PCRD is an investment holding company with interests in
telecommunications and media (through the Company), logistics, property and infrastructure investment and development in the Asia
Pacific region.

The business interests of the Private Companies in Hong Kong are not significant when compared with the business of the Group and it
is unlikely that such business interests will compete with the business of the Group. The business interests in Japan and the Asia Pacific
region are also unlikely to compete with the existing business of the Group.

Li Tzar Kai, Richard has a controlling interest in some of the Private Companies. Further, he is or may be regarded as interested in PCRD
and PCGH due to the interests as disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Share Stapled Units, Underlying Shares, Underlying Share Stapled Units and Debentures of the Company and its Associated
Corporations” of this report.

As PCRD and the Private Companies are involved in the development and/or investment of properties of different types and/or in different
locations, the Group has been operating independently of, and at arm’s length from, the businesses of those companies.

Furthermore, the Group holds minority equity interests in a number of Internet-related companies in which the Group is entitled to appoint,
and has appointed, one or more directors to the respective boards of these companies to represent the interests of the Group. Some or all of
these companies may compete directly or indirectly, with certain aspects of the Group’s businesses.

Other than as disclosed above, none of the directors is interested in any business, apart from the Group’s businesses, which competes or is
likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group’s businesses.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
According to the articles of association of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, every
director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities to the fullest extent permitted by
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise
in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance cover for the directors and
officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Group made no donations (2023: approximately HK$51,000).

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
securities of the Company.




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024    87
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
1. Connected Transactions
   Acquisition of Clermont Media Limited
   As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 January 2025 (the “Announcement”), PCCW NewsCo Limited
   (the “Purchaser”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and New Class Holdings Limited (the “Seller”) entered into
   a share purchase agreement on that date, pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell and the Purchaser agreed to purchase
   the entire issued share capital of Clermont Media Limited (the “Target”; together with its subsidiaries, the “Target Group”)
   (the “Transaction”).

     The Target Group is principally engaged in the business of, among other things, publication of newspapers and journals and
     operation of a variety of online platforms, websites, systems and portals relating to finance, economy, investment, lifestyle and education.
     The acquisition of the Target Group will expand the Group’s business in these areas, expanding advertising and subscription revenues
     by strengthening content for the existing news channel and enhancing the experience across the Group’s various media platforms
     as well as delivering operational efficiencies by leveraging the Group’s extensive resources.

     The total consideration for the Transaction was HK$70 million (“Consideration”), payable in cash in full at completion.
     The Consideration was determined after arm’s length negotiations between the Seller and the Purchaser with reference to
     (among other things) the business of the Target Group and other factors set out in the Announcement, and the price to
     total revenue multiple of the Transaction. The price to total revenue multiple for the Transaction was benchmarked against those of
     three companies listed on the Stock Exchange. As of the date of the Announcement, the price (i.e. Consideration) to total revenue
     multiple for the Transaction was 0.69x, and the price (i.e. market capitalisation) to total revenue multiple for each of the
     three comparable companies was 0.36x, 1.33x and 0.22x respectively, based on their then latest published audited financial statements.
     The multiple for the Transaction was therefore comparable to the mean multiple (being 0.64x) for these comparable companies.
     The Company considered that the price to total revenue multiple was an appropriate benchmark for determining the Consideration
     for the following principal reasons: given the Target Group’s financials as disclosed in the Announcement in the section headed
     “INFORMATION ON THE TARGET”, ratios such as price to earnings and enterprise value to EBITDA were not applicable.
     Price to book value was also not an appropriate benchmark as it is mainly used to assess companies with a large number of real assets,
     and thus would be unable to fully reflect the Target Group’s shareholder’s equity as it possessed intangible assets such as brand, goodwill,
     human resources and rich clientele, which were not reflected on the balance sheet.

     The Seller is wholly-owned by a trust of which Li Tzar Kai, Richard (the Chairman and an Executive Director of the Company)
     is the settlor. Therefore, the Seller is a connected person of the Company and the Transaction constituted a connected transaction
     for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Please refer to the Announcement for further details on the Transaction.




88      PCCW Annual Report 2024
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions
   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into certain transactions which constituted continuing connected
   transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, details of which are set out below.

   A. China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (“Unicom”) and its subsidiaries and associates (collectively,
      the “Unicom Group”)
      A wholly-owned subsidiary of Unicom is a substantial shareholder and connected person (as defined in the Listing Rules) of
      the Company. Accordingly, the Unicom Group is a connected person of the Company and transactions between the Group and
      the Unicom Group constitute connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules.

       The Group has, from time to time, entered into transactions with the Unicom Group relating to the acquisition and provision of
       certain information technology services and products (the “Unicom Transactions”). These transactions constituted
       continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

       It is considered that the entering into of the Unicom Transactions is consistent with the commercial objectives of the Group and
       falls within the core business of the Group.

       As stated in the Company’s announcement dated 22 December 2023, the Company set the annual caps for each of the following
       categories of the Unicom Transactions for the three financial years ending 31 December 2026 based on the nature of transactions
       from time to time entered into with the Unicom Group. The Company has complied with the applicable requirements under
       Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the below Unicom Transactions during the year.

       (1) Provision of data services, systems integration services and other IT solutions by the Group to the Unicom Group
           (i) Data services
               The provision of data services by the Group to the Unicom Group is expected to include the provision of dedicated networks
               and network facilities, in the form of indefeasible rights to use certain fibre cable, private leased lines, Internet Protocol
               platforms, exchange facilities managed services and/or data centre services, for mainly data and voice communication,
               both locally and internationally.

               The charges for these data services may include a one-off charge per circuit and a monthly rental charge. The monthly
               rental charge may comprise the fixed recurring charge and the variable charge which is determined based on the volume of
               data usage by the Unicom Group.

           (ii) Systems integration services and other IT solutions
                The provision of systems integration services and other IT solutions by the Group to the Unicom Group refers to
                the provision of services and/or hardware and/or software required to set up a computer system, network system or
                information technology infrastructure according to the user’s requirements. Such services include system design,
                project management, system implementation, managed services, consultancy, hardware, hosting, software development,
                testing and maintenance. Many of the agreements for such services were entered into following a competitive
                tender process initiated by the Unicom Group and, accordingly, were entered into on terms and conditions specified by
                the relevant member of the Unicom Group as part of the tender procedures. The remaining contracts were entered into
                on an individual basis through direct negotiations with the Unicom Group.

               Project pricing depends on project nature and scope. Reference is made by the Group to the expected costs to be incurred,
               complexity of the services required, and the then prevailing market conditions. Costs to be incurred include cost of
               hardware, software and associated labour effort involved. Labour effort is determined by the number of man-hours involved
               and the unit price per man-hour being charged.




                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024   89
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
   A. China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (“Unicom”) and its subsidiaries and associates (collectively,
      the “Unicom Group”) (continued)
      (2) Provision of data services by the Unicom Group to the Group
          The provision of data services by the Unicom Group to the Group refers to the provision of dedicated networks and network
          facilities, in the form of private leased lines, Internet Protocol platforms and/or data centre services, by the Unicom Group to
          the Group. The dedicated networks and network facilities are mainly used for data and voice communication, both locally and
          internationally. The bases of calculation of the payments to be made under the agreements are:

              (a) payments determined by reference to prices specified in guidance issued by the Government of
                  the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC Government”), or in the absence of the PRC Government guidance prices,
                  by reference to the market price of the same or similar data services;

              (b) agreed unit prices, determined by reference to comparable market prices, the committed contract duration and/or
                  the committed volumes. In this regard, customers committing to a longer contract period or greater volume may enjoy
                  a lower price; and/or

              (c) agreed pricing for individual services on a case by case basis, by reference to current market offers and comparable market
                  prices for similar services provided on substantially the same terms and conditions.

              Each of the bases of calculation described in (a), (b) and (c) above is comparable to those obtained from
              independent third parties.

        As a general principle, the prices and terms of the agreements with the Unicom Group shall be determined on a commercial arm’s
        length basis, and on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from independent third parties. The duration
        or term of each Unicom Transaction will not exceed three years, other than those capacity purchase and sale contracts relating to
        the grant of indefeasible rights to use bandwidth capacity within the economic life of the bandwidth capacity (the “IRU Contracts”)
        available on both groups’ networks to and/or from the Unicom Group or contracts of a similar nature.

        The Group may from time to time enter into the IRU Contracts which are categorised under data services (as mentioned above)
        and are part of the normal commercial activities of the Group. As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated
        22 December 2023, Grande Capital Limited was appointed as the Company’s independent financial adviser in accordance with
        the Listing Rules to advise on the duration of the IRU Contracts to be entered into by the Group and the Unicom Group and was of
        the opinion that (i) the duration of the IRU Contracts being longer than three years and for up to 15 years is essential to safeguard
        the interests of the Company and its shareholders; and (ii) it is a normal business practice for contracts of this type to be of
        such duration. Waivers have been sought from and granted by the Stock Exchange from strict compliance with the Listing Rules
        requirements of having written agreements for the Unicom Transactions and an independent financial adviser opinion each time
        in relation to the execution of the IRU Contracts with the Unicom Group with a duration exceeding three years. Such waivers apply
        until 31 December 2026.

        The approximate aggregate value and the annual cap of each category of the Unicom Transactions are set out below:

                                                                                                        Approximate            Annual caps
                                                                                                   aggregate values for the Unicom Group
                                                                                                     for the financial     for the financial
                                                                                                          year ended            year ended
        Category                                                                                 31 December 2024      31 December 2024
                                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000

        (1)     Provision of data services, systems integration services and
                  other IT solutions by the Group to the Unicom Group                                       179,902                 690,000

        (2)     Provision of data services by the Unicom Group to the Group                                 175,338                 575,000

90     PCCW Annual Report 2024
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
   B. FWD Group Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “FWD Group”)
      The Company and HKT Trust and HKT jointly issued an announcement on 23 December 2022 in relation to, among other things,
      the renewal of certain existing continuing connected transaction agreements made between the Group and the FWD Group, with
      new annual caps for a term of three years ending 31 December 2025 for the provision and receipt of certain services and products
      by the Group to or from the FWD Group (the “FWD Transactions”). It is considered that provision of these services can be expected
      to generate additional revenue and operating profit for the relevant members of the Group providing the services, and to increase
      utilisation of their existing resources.

       The FWD Group is indirectly majority owned and controlled by Li Tzar Kai, Richard who is a director of certain FWD Group
       companies and also a director of the Company. Accordingly, members of the FWD Group are associates of Li Tzar Kai, Richard and
       thus connected persons of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

       Set out below are the FWD Transactions during the year ended 31 December 2024 under the relevant agreements with a term not
       exceeding three years. The Company has complied with the applicable requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with
       respect to the below FWD Transactions during the year.

       Services provided by the Group to the FWD Group
       (1) Telecommunications and related services
           On 23 December 2022, Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited (“HK Telecom”), an indirect non-wholly owned
           subsidiary of the Company, entered into a telecommunications and related services agreement with
           FWD Group Management Holdings Limited, a member of the FWD Group, pursuant to which HK Telecom has agreed to provide,
           or procure other members of the Group to provide, telecommunications and related services to the FWD Group.
           The relevant services are charged either at prevailing market rates for services of similar scope, scale, quality, reliability and
           service levels that would be charged for independent third party customers, as agreed by the relevant members of the Group
           and the FWD Group from time to time, or on cost-plus basis as agreed by the relevant members of the Group and the FWD Group
           from time to time.

       (2) Insurance and related services
           On 23 December 2022, HKT Financial Services (IA) Limited (“HKTIA”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of
           the Company, entered into an insurance and related services agreement with FWD Life Insurance Company (Bermuda) Limited
           (“FWD Life Insurance”), a member of the FWD Group, pursuant to which HKTIA has agreed to provide, or procure other
           members of the Group to provide, insurance and related services to the FWD Group. The relevant commission for such
           insurance agency services will be charged at such rates determined with reference to market rates charged by third party
           insurance agents for similar insurance products or services as agreed by the relevant members of the Group and the FWD Group;
           or where applicable, the relevant premiums to be received by the Group from the FWD Group will be determined based on
           prevailing market rates and actuarial review of the relevant members of the Group and the FWD Group.

       (3) Branding and marketing arrangements
           On 23 December 2022, each of PCCW Interactive Media Holdings Limited (“PCCW Interactive Media”, an indirect wholly-owned
           subsidiary of the Company) and now Productions Limited (“now Productions”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of
           the Company) entered into a branding and marketing arrangements framework agreement with FWD Life Insurance,
           pursuant to which PCCW Interactive Media and now Productions will provide or enter into, or procure other members of the Group
           to provide or enter into, branding and marketing arrangements to or with the FWD Group. The arrangements include,
           without limitation, group spokesperson opportunities and related marketing or branding campaigns and events.




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024    91
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
   B. FWD Group Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “FWD Group”) (continued)
      Services provided by the FWD Group to the Group
      (4) FWD Insurance services and products
          On 23 December 2022, each of PCCW Services Limited (a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and
          HKT Services Limited (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into a FWD Insurance services and
          products agreement with FWD Life Insurance, pursuant to which FWD Life Insurance has agreed to provide, or procure
          other members of the FWD Group to provide, insurance and related services and products to the Group, which are expected
          to include, without limitation, insurance services and products of the FWD Group, which will be charged at such rates
          determined with reference to market rates for similar insurance services or products as agreed by members of the respective
          groups; and other insurance and related services and products as may be agreed to be provided by members of the respective
          groups from time to time.

        The approximate aggregate value and the annual cap of each category of the FWD Transactions are set out below:

                                                                                                       Approximate                Annual caps
                                                                                                  aggregate values        for the FWD Group
                                                                                                    for the financial         for the financial
                                                                                                         year ended                year ended
        Agreement/Service description                                                           31 December 2024         31 December 2024
                                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000

        Services provided by the Group to the FWD Group

        (1)    Telecommunications and related services                                                       47,032                  150,000

        (2)    Insurance and related services                                                                70,534                  200,000

        (3)    Branding and marketing arrangements                                                           15,833                  167,000

        Services provided by the FWD Group to the Group

        (4)    FWD Insurance services and products                                                          173,297                  400,000


     C. Lenovo Group Limited (“Lenovo”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Lenovo Group”)
        Lenovo is a substantial shareholder of PCCW Network Services Limited (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company)
        and therefore a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions
        between certain members of the Lenovo Group and certain members of the Group constituted connected transactions of the
        Company under the Listing Rules.

        As stated in the Company’s announcement dated 12 August 2022, the Group entered into various continuing connected
        transaction agreements with the Lenovo Group under a term not exceeding three years (the “Lenovo Transactions”).
        The entering into of the Lenovo Transactions will (i) strengthen the strategic partnership between the Group and Lenovo;
        (ii) promote the continuing growth and development of the businesses and operations of the information technology solutions
        business; and (iii) help to achieve business continuity and leverage efficiency while minimising any potential disruption to the
        continuing operations of the Group.




92      PCCW Annual Report 2024
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
   C. Lenovo Group Limited (“Lenovo”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Lenovo Group”) (continued)
      Set out below are the Lenovo Transactions during the year ended 31 December 2024. The Company has complied with the
      applicable requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the below Lenovo Transactions during the year.

       Services provided by the Lenovo Group to the Group
       (a) Transitional services
           On 12 August 2022, PCCW Solutions Limited (“PCCW Solutions”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company),
           PCCW (Beijing) Limited (“PCCW Beijing”, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and
           Lenovo PCCW Solutions Limited (“Lenovo PCCW Solutions”, a subsidiary of Lenovo) entered into a transitional services agreement,
           pursuant to which Lenovo PCCW Solutions shall provide or procure the provision of the performance of certain retained
           customer contracts, and all the related work orders, purchaser orders and other similar customer requests by providing
           secondment and other support services to PCCW Solutions and PCCW Beijing. The service charges will be settled on a monthly
           basis, and shall be determined by the total number of working days in the relevant period and the monthly rate for each staff
           plus a margin of 5%.

       (b) HKT services and PCCW services
           On 12 August 2022, HK Telecom, PCCW Solutions and PCCW Digital Solutions Limited (“PCCW Digital Solutions”, a subsidiary
           of Lenovo) entered into a service agreement (the “HKT Service Agreement”) while PCCW Solutions Holdings Limited
           (“PCCW Solutions Holdings”, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and PCCW Digital Solutions entered into
           another service agreement (the “PCCW Service Agreement”), respectively. PCCW Digital Solutions will provide to HK Telecom
           (under the HKT Service Agreement) and PCCW Solutions Holdings (under the PCCW Service Agreement):

           (i) various information technology services relating to:
               (a) change management services;
               (b) cloud hosting services;
               (c) business recovery services;
               (d) help desk, incident management and problem management services;
               (e) security management services;
               (f) technical platform services;
               (g) application management services;
               (h) system development and enhancement services; and
               (i) relevant documentation, audit and compliance support, regulatory support and consultancy services; and

           (ii) materials (including hardware and software), reports, plans, models, documents and/or other materials developed
                or supplied by PCCW Digital Solutions, any of its subcontractors, vendors or agents; supplements, modifications,
                replacements, enhancements and other upgrades to the systems, hardware, platform, software, personnel skills,
                processes and methods for the provision of the above services under the agreement that are necessary to keep pace with
                technological advancements or improvements during the term of the agreement, as well as the business process and
                logistics services and such other services agreed from time to time.

           In addition, certain statements of work and purchase orders under a master service agreement dated 18 July 2019 between
           HK Telecom (as service recipient) and PCCW Solutions (as service provider) for the provision of the services described above
           have been novated to PCCW Digital Solutions (as service provider) under the HKT Service Agreement with effect from
           12 August 2022.

           Services are charged at market rate by reference to the average rate for third party customers. For business processing,
           order fulfillment and logistical services, fees will be charged based on the actual usage of the services, such as the number
           of applications and support servers installed and the number of support staff required during the construction process and
           maintenance period, as well as the current market price and adjusted by the Consumer Price Index annual growth factor
           forecast by Bloomberg.



                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024    93
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)



CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
2. Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
   C. Lenovo Group Limited (“Lenovo”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Lenovo Group”) (continued)
      The approximate aggregate value and the annual cap of each category of the Lenovo Transactions are set out below:

                                                                                                                    Approximate                 *Annual caps
                                                                                                               aggregate values         for the Lenovo Group
                                                                                                                 for the financial            for the financial
                                                                                                                      year ended                   year ended
        Agreement/Service description                                                                        31 December 2024             31 December 2024
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                      HK$’000

        Services provided by the Lenovo Group to the Group

        (1)     Transitional services                                                                                     636,270                     655,200

        (2)     HKT services                                                                                              598,449                   1,638,000

        (3)     PCCW services                                                                                               15,492                     62,400


        *     The annual caps disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 12 August 2022 for (1) to (3) are US$84 million, US$210 million and US$8 million
              respectively. The amounts were translated based on the exchange rate of US$1 equivalent to HK$7.8 for illustrative purpose.


     D. Annual Review of Continuing Connected Transactions
        The Company’s external auditor was engaged to report on the Unicom Transactions, the FWD Transactions and
        the Lenovo Transactions entered into by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard
        on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
        Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
        the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The external auditor has issued
        their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the Unicom Transactions, the FWD Transactions and
        the Lenovo Transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

        The Board, including the independent non-executive directors of the Company, has reviewed and confirmed that
        the Unicom Transactions, the FWD Transactions and the Lenovo Transactions for the year ended 31 December 2024
        were entered into:

        (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

        (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and

        (iii) according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests
              of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




94      PCCW Annual Report 2024
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The significant related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business are set out in note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements. For those related party transactions that constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
(as the case may be) (other than those described in the section above headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions”) under the Listing Rules, these transactions are exempt from reporting, annual review, announcement and independent
shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the date of this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules, based on the information that
is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Company’s directors.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who
will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution
for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

By order of the Board



Cheung Hok Chee, Vanessa
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 21 February 2025




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024   95
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF PCCW LIMITED
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of PCCW Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 102
to 221, comprise:

•    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024;
•    the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory
     information.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




96      PCCW Annual Report 2024
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•   Revenue recognition
•   Impairment assessments for cash generating units (“CGUs”) containing goodwill
•   Income taxes

Key Audit Matter                                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue recognition
Refer to notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group recognised revenue of HK$37,557 million for the               Our procedures in relation to the judgements and estimates used in
year ended 31 December 2024, including external revenue from            the recognition of revenue included:
HKT Limited (“HKT”), Media Business and Other Businesses
of HK$33,775 million, HK$3,024 million and HK$758 million,              •   Obtaining an understanding of and evaluating the internal
respectively.                                                               controls, and validating key controls in place on revenue
                                                                            recognition and assessing the inherent risk of material
The Group enters into bundled sale contracts with customers in              misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
which, apart from the provision of telecommunications, media                uncertainty and the judgement involved in determining
and solutions services, the Group has certain other performance             assumptions to be applied;
obligations to customers such as the delivery of handsets,
equipment and gifts.                                                    •   Assessing the appropriateness of management’s assessments
                                                                            on the identification of performance obligations based on the
Revenue recognition is subject to high degree of estimation                 contractual agreements and our knowledge of the business;
uncertainty and significant inherent risk. Significant management’s
judgements were needed to appropriately identify the number             •   Assessing the reasonableness of management’s judgements
of performance obligations included in the multiple-element                 and estimates used to determine the stand-alone selling price of
arrangements, to estimate the stand-alone selling price of each             each performance obligation and to allocate revenue to
performance obligation, and to allocate the total transaction prices        multiple-element arrangements with reference to observable
from customers to each performance obligation of multiple-element           market data;
arrangements based on its relative stand-alone selling price.
                                                                        •   Testing, on a sample basis, the revenue transactions by
Significant effort was spent auditing the revenue recognised by HKT         tracing the transactions from the billing systems to supporting
and Media Business due to the large volume of transactions, the             documents, such as underlying invoices, contractual
complexity of the systems used, the significant judgements involved         agreements and evidence of cash receipts;
in the identification of performance obligations and the estimation
of the stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation         •   Testing, on a sample basis, the calculation and allocation of total
to allocate the total transaction prices to multiple-element                transaction prices to each performance obligation of
arrangements.                                                               multiple-element arrangements; and

                                                                        •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures related to revenue
                                                                            recognition in the context of HKFRSs disclosure requirements.

                                                                        Based on the procedures performed, we considered that the
                                                                        judgements and estimates used in the recognition of revenue are
                                                                        supported by the available evidence.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024   97
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




Key Audit Matters (continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessments for CGUs containing goodwill
Refer to note 18 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had goodwill amounting to            Our procedures in relation to the judgements and estimates used in
HK$17,963 million.                                                     the impairment assessments included:

Goodwill was allocated to CGUs, and the recoverable amount of          •   Obtaining an understanding of the management’s control
each CGU was determined by management based on value-in-use                procedures of the impairment assessments and assessing
calculation using cash flow projections which are subject to high          the inherent risk of material misstatement by considering the
degrees of estimation uncertainty and significant inherent risk. In        degree of estimation uncertainty and the judgement involved in
carrying out the impairment assessments, significant management            determining assumptions to be applied;
judgements were made to appropriately identify CGUs and to
determine the key assumptions, including average revenue growth        •   Assessing the reasonableness of management’s identification
rates, average EBITDA growth rates, terminal growth rates and              of CGUs based on the Group’s accounting policies and our
discount rates used in the value-in-use calculations. Management           understanding of the Group’s businesses;
has concluded that there is no impairment in respect of the goodwill
in the current year.                                                   •   Involving our internal experts in assessing the value-in-use
                                                                           calculation methodology in accordance with Hong Kong
                                                                           Accounting Standard 36 Impairment of Assets;

                                                                       •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key assumptions, including
                                                                           average revenue growth rates, average EBITDA growth rates,
                                                                           terminal growth rates and discount rates, based on our
                                                                           knowledge of the business and the observable market data of
                                                                           the industry and with the involvement of our internal experts,
                                                                           where applicable;

                                                                       •   Comparing the data in the cash flow projections to the relevant
                                                                           CGUs’ historical performance, financial budgets and forecasts;

                                                                       •   Performing sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions to which
                                                                           the recoverable amounts are the most sensitive; and

                                                                       •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures related to the
                                                                           impairment assessments in the context of HKFRSs disclosure
                                                                           requirements.

                                                                       Based on the procedures performed, we considered that the
                                                                       judgements and key assumptions used in the impairment
                                                                       assessments are supported by the available evidence.




98     PCCW Annual Report 2024
Key Audit Matters (continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Income taxes
Refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group operates across several jurisdictions and is subject         Our procedures in relation to the judgements and estimates used in
to Hong Kong and overseas taxes. From time to time, there are          the recognition of current income tax liabilities included:
queries raised by relevant tax authorities in respect of the tax
treatments of certain matters. Significant judgements were used to     •   Understanding management’s internal controls and processes
estimate the outcome of these matters and the appropriate amount           for the recognition of current income tax liabilities and assessing
of current income tax liabilities. These estimations are subject to        the inherent risk of material misstatement by considering the
high degree of estimation uncertainty and significant inherent risk.       degree of estimation uncertainty and the judgement involved in
                                                                           determining assumptions to be applied;

                                                                       •   Enquiring with management and assessing management’s
                                                                           basis used to compute the current income tax liabilities and the
                                                                           estimated outcome of queries raised by relevant tax authorities;
                                                                           and

                                                                       •   Assessing the appropriateness of the current income tax
                                                                           computation for the current year, according to the tax rules in
                                                                           the respective jurisdictions.

                                                                       Based on the procedures performed, we considered that the
                                                                       judgements and assumptions used in the recognition of current
                                                                       income tax liabilities are supported by the available evidence.




                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024    99
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in
the PCCW Limited 2024 annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to
you, as a body, in accordance with Section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
      and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
      for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
      fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made
      by the directors.




100      PCCW Annual Report 2024
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
    obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
    continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
    to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
    conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
    cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
    the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
    direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
    opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Ka Ho.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 21 February 2025




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024   101
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 December 2024



In HK$ million (except for loss per share)                                            Note(s)        2023         2024

Revenue                                                                                 6, 7       36,347       37,557
Cost of sales                                                                            9(b)     (18,116)     (19,127)
General and administrative expenses                                                      9(c)     (13,265)     (13,042)
Other gains, net                                                                          8           281          439
Interest income                                                                                       165          133
Finance costs                                                                            10        (2,661)      (2,817)
Share of results of associates                                                                       (236)        (343)
Share of results of joint ventures                                                                    (16)         (12)

Profit before income tax                                                                6, 9        2,499        2,788
Income tax                                                                               12          (409)        (847)

Profit for the year                                                                                 2,090        1,941

Profit/(Loss) attributable to:
  Equity holders of the Company                                                                      (471)        (300)
  Holders of perpetual capital securities                                                             235          234
  Non-controlling interests                                                                         2,326        2,007

Profit for the year                                                                                 2,090        1,941

Loss per share                                                                           14
  Basic                                                                                         6.10 cents   3.88 cents

  Diluted                                                                                       6.10 cents   3.88 cents




The notes on pages 110 to 221 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


102     PCCW Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2024



In HK$ million                                                                                           2023                   2024

Profit for the year                                                                                      2,090                  1,941

Other comprehensive (loss)/income
  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to consolidated income statement:
     Remeasurements of defined benefit retirement schemes obligations                                       (44)                  21
     Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income       (215)                  382

                                                                                                          (259)                  403

  Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to consolidated income
     statement:
     Translation exchange differences:
     – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of subsidiaries                               32                    (97)
     – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of associates and joint ventures              (24)                 (135)
     Cash flow hedges:
     – effective portion of changes in fair value                                                         (179)                  (180)
     – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                                              (147)                  208
     Costs of hedging                                                                                       (41)                 118
     Share of other comprehensive loss of an associate                                                        –                    (4)

                                                                                                          (359)                   (90)

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                            (618)                  313

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                  1,472                  2,254

Attributable to:
  Equity holders of the Company                                                                           (919)                  (204)
  Holders of perpetual capital securities                                                                  235                   234
  Non-controlling interests                                                                              2,156                  2,224

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                  1,472                  2,254




The notes on pages 110 to 221 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                      PCCW Annual Report 2024      103
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2024



In HK$ million                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                              Attributable to   Perpetual
                                                                                               equity holders      capital   Non-controlling
                                                                                     Note    of the Company     securities         interests    Total equity

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                  5,554        5,886              1,325         12,765

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
   Profit for the year                                                                                  (471)        235              2,326          2,090

   Other comprehensive (loss)/income
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to consolidated
         income statement:
         Remeasurements of defined benefit retirement schemes obligations            32(a)               (44)          –                  –             (44)
         Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                                        (207)          –                  (8)          (215)
      Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to
         consolidated income statement:
         Translation exchange differences:
         – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of subsidiaries                         19           –                 13              32
         – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of associates
            and joint ventures                                                                           (24)          –                  –             (24)
         Cash flow hedges:
         – effective portion of changes in fair value                                29(c)               (94)          –                (85)           (179)
         – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                     29(c)               (77)          –                (70)           (147)
         Costs of hedging                                                            29(c)               (21)          –                (20)            (41)

   Other comprehensive loss                                                                             (448)          –               (170)           (618)

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                          (919)        235              2,156          1,472

Transactions with equity holders
   Purchases of shares of PCCW Limited (“PCCW Shares”) under
      share award schemes                                                                                (10)          –                  (2)           (12)
   Purchases of share stapled units of HKT Trust and HKT Limited
      (“Share Stapled Units”) under share award schemes                                                  (10)          –                 (2)            (12)
   Purchases of Share Stapled Units                                                  43(a)              (140)          –                  7            (133)
   Employee share-based compensation                                                 33(b)                34           –                 12              46
   Distributions/Dividends for PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units granted
      under share award schemes                                                                           (5)          –                  –              (5)
   Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                                      13              (2,201)          –                  –          (2,201)
   Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year                          13                (755)          –                  –            (755)
   Distributions/Dividends declared and paid to non-controlling shareholders of
      subsidiaries                                                                                         –           –             (2,728)         (2,728)
   Distributions paid to holders of perpetual capital securities                                           –        (235)                 –            (235)

   Total contributions by and distributions to equity holders                                         (3,087)       (235)            (2,713)         (6,035)

   Change in interests in subsidiaries that does not result in a loss of control      43                933            –                566          1,499

Total transactions with equity holders                                                                (2,154)       (235)            (2,147)         (4,536)

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                2,481        5,886              1,334          9,701




104      PCCW Annual Report 2024
In HK$ million                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                               Attributable to   Perpetual
                                                                                                equity holders      capital Non-controlling
                                                                                      Note    of the Company     securities       interests      Total equity

As at 1 January 2024                                                                                    2,481       5,886            1,334               9,701

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
   Profit for the year                                                                                   (300)        234            2,007               1,941

    Other comprehensive income/(loss)
       Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to consolidated
          income statement:
          Remeasurements of defined benefit retirement schemes obligations            32(a)                21           –                –                 21
          Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                                                         187           –              195                382
       Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to
          consolidated income statement:
          Translation exchange differences:
          – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of subsidiaries                        (53)          –               (44)               (97)
          – exchange differences on translating foreign operations of associates
             and joint ventures                                                                          (135)          –                –                (135)
          Cash flow hedges:
          – effective portion of changes in fair value                                29(c)               (93)          –               (87)              (180)
          – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                     29(c)               109           –                99                208
          Costs of hedging                                                            29(c)                63           –                55                118
          Share of other comprehensive loss of an associate                                                (3)          –                (1)                (4)

    Other comprehensive income                                                                             96           –              217                313

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                           (204)        234            2,224               2,254

Transactions with equity holders
   Issue of PCCW Shares under share award schemes                                     30(a)                –*           –                –                  –
   Purchases/Subscription of PCCW Shares under share award schemes                                        (12)          –               (2)               (14)
   Purchases/Subscription of Share Stapled Units under share award schemes                                (14)          –               (2)               (16)
   Disposals of Share Stapled Units                                                   43(a)               182           –                9                191
   Employee share-based compensation                                                  33(b)                40           –               14                 54
   Distributions/Dividends for PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units granted
      under share award schemes                                                                            (8)          –                –                  (8)
   Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                                       13              (2,202)          –                –              (2,202)
   Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year                           13                (755)          –                –                (755)
   Distributions/Dividends declared and paid to non-controlling shareholders of
      subsidiaries                                                                                          –           –            (2,796)            (2,796)
   Distributions paid to holders of perpetual capital securities                                            –        (236)                –               (236)

    Total contributions by and distributions to equity holders                                         (2,769)       (236)           (2,777)            (5,782)

    Change in interests in subsidiaries that does not result in a loss of control      43               2,096           –            3,245               5,341

Total transactions with equity holders                                                                   (673)       (236)             468                (441)

As at 31 December 2024                                                                                  1,604       5,884            4,026              11,514


*     Amount of HK$14,251.25


The notes on pages 110 to 221 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024       105
CONSOLIDATED AND COMPANY STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2024



In HK$ million                                                                                      (Additional information)
                                                                               The Group                The Company
                                                                    Note*     2023          2024        2023             2024

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                         15     27,787        28,909           –                  –
Right-of-use assets                                                   16      2,074         2,007           –                  –
Interests in leasehold land                                           17       291           275            –                  –
Goodwill                                                              18     17,976        17,963           –                  –
Intangible assets                                                     19     20,286        21,926           –                  –
Fulfilment costs                                                              1,925         2,097           –                  –
Customer acquisition costs                                                     912           872            –                  –
Contract assets                                                                324           261            –                  –
Interests in subsidiaries                                                        –             –      36,770           36,805
Interests in associates                                               21      2,281         1,886           –                  –
Interests in joint ventures                                           22       301           635            –                  –
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income     23       219           881            –                  –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 24      3,050         3,311           –                  –
Other financial assets                                                25      1,369          805            –                  –
Derivative financial instruments                                      29        29            93            –              35
Deferred income tax assets                                            35       913           811            –                  –
Other non-current assets                                              26       615           995            –                  –

                                                                             80,352        83,727     36,770           36,840

Current assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                    –             –        7,741          10,624
Inventories                                                          27(c)    1,608         2,122           –                  –
Prepayments, deposits and other current assets                      27(b)     4,020         4,703          39              46
Contract assets                                                               1,504         1,711           –                  –
Trade receivables, net                                              27(d)     4,135         3,677           –                  –
Amounts due from related companies                                    5(d)      25            23            –                  –
Tax recoverable                                                                  2             7            –                  –
Restricted cash                                                      27(a)     211           205            –                  –
Short-term deposits                                                             79           295            –                  –
Cash and cash equivalents                                            37(c)    2,627         2,288         431             111

                                                                             14,211        15,031       8,211          10,781




106     PCCW Annual Report 2024
In HK$ million                                                                     (Additional information)
                                                           The Group                    The Company
                                               Note*      2023           2024           2023                2024

Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings                           27(e)    (1,049)        (3,934)             –                 –
Trade payables                                  27(f)    (6,297)        (7,570)             –                 –
Accruals and other payables                              (7,917)        (8,131)           (25)               (34)
Derivative financial instruments                 29       (151)            (45)             –                 (4)
Carrier licence fee liabilities                  36       (338)          (324)              –                 –
Amounts due to related companies                 5(d)     (118)          (169)              –                 –
Advances from customers                                   (279)          (301)              –                 –
Contract liabilities                                     (1,659)        (1,561)             –                 –
Lease liabilities                                        (1,107)        (1,103)             –                 –
Current income tax liabilities                           (1,853)        (2,153)             (3)               (2)

                                                        (20,768)       (25,291)           (28)               (40)

Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings                             28     (50,997)       (47,985)        (6,701)          (9,839)
Amounts due to subsidiaries                                  –              –          (7,023)          (7,043)
Derivative financial instruments                 29       (635)          (798)              (5)               –
Deferred income tax liabilities                  35      (4,889)        (5,028)             –                 –
Defined benefit retirement schemes liability    32(a)       (95)           (58)             –                 –
Carrier licence fee liabilities                  36      (3,086)        (3,198)             –                 –
Contract liabilities                                      (980)          (974)              –                 –
Lease liabilities                                        (1,036)         (919)              –                 –
Amount due to a non-controlling interest        43(c)        –           (344)              –                 –
Other long-term liabilities                              (2,376)        (2,649)             –                 –

                                                        (64,094)       (61,953)      (13,729)          (16,882)

Net assets                                               9,701         11,514         31,224           30,699




                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024     107
CONSOLIDATED AND COMPANY STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
As at 31 December 2024



In HK$ million                                                                                                                       (Additional information)
                                                                                                       The Group                           The Company
                                                                                  Note*              2023               2024               2023               2024

CAPITAL AND RESERVES


Share capital                                                                        30            12,954             12,954             12,954            12,954
Reserves                                                                             34           (10,473)           (11,350)            18,270            17,745

Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                                2,481              1,604             31,224            30,699
Perpetual capital securities                                                         31             5,886              5,884                   –                  –
Non-controlling interests                                                                           1,334              4,026                   –                  –

Total equity                                                                                        9,701             11,514             31,224            30,699


The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) on
21 February 2025 and signed on behalf of the Board by




                              Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                                             Hui Hon Hing, Susanna
                                     Director                                                                           Director




*     The notes referenced above pertain solely to the consolidated statement of financial position. The above Company statement of financial position as at
      31 December 2023 and 2024 is presented only as additional information to these consolidated financial statements. The Company statement of financial position
      as at 31 December 2024 as presented in note 4 was approved and signed by the directors.




The notes on pages 110 to 221 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


108       PCCW Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2024



In HK$ million                                                                             Note(s)       2023                   2024

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                 37(a)     13,346              10,625

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                              (2,187)             (2,165)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                                                      2                     4
Additions of intangible assets                                                                          (5,836)             (5,384)
Investment in a joint venture                                                                               (30)                  (26)
Investments in associates                                                                                 (306)                   (88)
Loans to a joint venture                                                                                    (63)                  (96)
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                        (195)                   (26)
Purchase of a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income                                –                  (280)
Purchases of other financial assets                                                                         (37)                   –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            176                    29
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                                                                   566                     –
Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                                                           391                   527
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               20                    26
Decrease/(Increase) in short-term deposits with maturity more than three months                             37                   (216)

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                                   (7,462)             (7,695)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New borrowings raised                                                                        37(b)     33,972              40,414
Finance costs paid                                                                           37(b)      (1,989)             (2,397)
Repayments of borrowings                                                                     37(b)     (32,209)            (40,487)
Net proceeds from partial disposal of interests in subsidiaries that does not result
  in a loss of control                                                                 43(b), 43(c)      1,499                  6,526
Movement in amount due to a related company                                                  37(b)          29                     (3)
(Purchases)/Disposals of Share Stapled Units                                                 43(a)        (133)                  166
Payment for lease liabilities (including interest)                                           37(b)      (1,518)             (1,492)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                           (2,956)             (2,957)
Distributions/Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                            (2,728)             (2,796)
Distributions paid to holders of perpetual capital securities                                             (235)                  (236)

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                   (6,268)             (3,262)

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                                 (384)                  (332)


Exchange differences                                                                                          2                    (7)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS


Beginning of year                                                                                        3,009                  2,627

End of year                                                                                  37(c)       2,627                  2,288




The notes on pages 110 to 221 form part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                      PCCW Annual Report 2024      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

1 GENERAL INFORMATION
      PCCW Limited (“PCCW” or the “Company”) was incorporated in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”) and its
      securities have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 18 October 1994. The address
      of its registered office is 41st Floor, PCCW Tower, Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong. The principal activity of the
      Company is investment holding, and the principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are the provision
      of technology and telecommunications and related services including enterprise solutions, mobile services, total home solutions, media
      entertainment and other new businesses such as loyalty platform, financial services and healthtech services in Hong Kong, the Asia
      Pacific region and other parts of the world; and investments in, and development of, systems integration and information
      technology-related businesses. Through HK Television Entertainment Company Limited, PCCW also operates a domestic free
      television service in Hong Kong. The Group also has an interest in the development and management of premium-grade property and
      infrastructure projects as well as premium-grade property investments through its interest in Pacific Century Premium Developments
      Limited (“PCPD”).

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      a. Statement of compliance
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards, which is a collective term for all individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting
      Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). A summary of the material accounting policies adopted by the Group
      is set out below.

      b. Basis of preparation of the financial statements
      The following amended Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards are adopted for the financial year beginning 1 January 2024, but
      have no material effect on the Group’s reported results and financial position for the current and prior accounting periods.

      –   HKAS 1 (Revised) (Amendments), Presentation of Financial Statements
      –   HKAS 7 (Amendments), Statement of Cash Flows
      –   HKFRS 7 (Amendments), Financial Instruments: Disclosures
      –   HKFRS 16 (Amendments), Leases
      –   HK Interpretation 5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
           Repayment on Demand Clause




110       PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  b. Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
  The Group has not early adopted any new or amended Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards that are not yet effective for the
  current accounting period, details of which are set out in note 44.

  The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the financial statements of the Group, and the
  Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures.

  The consolidated statements of financial position for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024 include additional information
  about the Company statement of financial position. The Company statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024 presented in
  note 4, which was prepared in accordance with the requirements of Part 1 “Accounting Disclosures” of Schedule 4 to the Hong Kong
  Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), was approved and signed by the directors.

  The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis, except that the following assets
  and liabilities are stated at fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below:

  –   financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (see note 2(m));

  –   financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (see note 2(m));

  –   derivative financial instruments (see note 2(o)); and

  –   defined benefit retirement schemes liability (see note 2(ac)(ii)).

  As at 31 December 2024, the current liabilities of the Group exceeded its current assets by HK$10,260 million. After considering the
  Group’s ability to generate net operating cash inflows and raise additional debt financing, and the undrawn banking facilities available
  as at 31 December 2024, management considers the Group is able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due within the next
  12-month period. Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024   111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      b. Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards requires management to make
      judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
      income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of judgements about the carrying amounts of
      assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the
      period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
      revision affects both current and future periods.

      Judgements made by management in the application of Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards that have significant effect on the
      consolidated financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year are discussed in note 3.

      c. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
      Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Group. Control exists when the Group is exposed to, or has
      rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.

      An interest in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the
      date that control ceases.

      The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the Group. The cost of an acquisition
      is measured as the aggregate fair value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at
      the date of exchange. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset, liability or equity resulting from a contingent
      consideration arrangement. A subsequent change to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or
      a liability is recognised in accordance with HKFRS 9 (2014) Financial Instruments in the consolidated income statement. Contingent
      consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

      Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a
      business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group
      recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the
      acquiree’s net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition-date fair value, unless another
      measurement basis is required by Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards.




112      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  c. Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
  The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair
  value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill
  (see note 2(h)). If this is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
  difference is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement. Where businesses are acquired and fair values of the net assets
  of the acquired business are finalised within 12 months of the acquisition date, all fair value adjustments are recorded with effect from
  the date of acquisition and consequently may result in the restatement of previously reported financial results.

  If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition-date carrying amount of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
  in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised
  in the consolidated income statement.

  The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity holders of
  the Group. The difference between the fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying amount of
  net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

  When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value at the date when control is lost,
  with the change in carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for
  the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint arrangement or financial asset. In addition, any
  amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had disposed
  of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
  the consolidated income statement.

  For subsidiaries which have accounting year ends different from the Group, the subsidiaries prepare, for the purpose of consolidation,
  financial statements up to and as at the same date as the Group.

  Adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries when necessary to align their accounting policies to ensure
  consistency with policies adopted by the Group.

  Intra-group balances and transactions and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing
  the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as
  unrealised profits.

  In the Company’s statement of financial position, interests in subsidiaries are stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost includes direct
  attributable costs of investment. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration amendments.
  The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024    113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      d. Associates
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally accompanying a shareholding of
      between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.

      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method and are initially
      recorded at cost. The Group’s interests in associates include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment
      loss and adjust thereafter for the post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of the associates’ net assets. The consolidated income
      statement includes the Group’s share of post-acquisition, post-tax results of the associates and any impairment losses for the year. The
      consolidated statement of comprehensive income includes the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax items of the associates’
      other comprehensive income.

      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further
      losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of
      the associate. For this purpose, the Group’s interest in the associate is the carrying amount of the investment using the equity method
      together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net interest in the associate.

      Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the
      Group’s interests in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which
      case they are recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.

      If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts
      previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income statement where appropriate.

      Adjustments are made to the financial statements of associates when necessary to align their accounting policies to ensure consistency
      with policies adopted by the Group.

      When an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture capital organisation, or a mutual
      fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss in the Group’s consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      e. Joint arrangements
      The Group applies HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements to all joint arrangements. Under HKFRS 11, joint arrangements are classified as either
      joint ventures or joint operations depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor.

      The Group classifies joint arrangements as joint ventures when the Group has rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement.

      Investments in joint ventures are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method, as described in
      note 2(d).

      Adjustments are made to the financial statements of joint ventures when necessary to align their accounting policies to ensure
      consistency with policies adopted by the Group.




114      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  e. Joint arrangements (continued)
  The Group classifies joint arrangements as joint operations when the Group has rights to the individual assets, and obligations for the
  individual liabilities, relating to the arrangement.

  The Group recognises the following in relation to its interest in a joint operation:

  i.   its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;

  ii. its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;

  iii. its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;

  iv. its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and

  v. its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.

  The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance with the
  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses.

  f. Property, plant and equipment
  The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(n)(ii)):

  –    buildings held for own use which are situated on leasehold/freehold land, where the fair value of the building could be measured
       separately from the fair value of the leasehold/freehold land at the inception of the lease (see note 2(g)); and

  –    other items of plant and equipment.

  The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises (i) its purchase price, (ii) any directly attributable costs of bringing
  the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use, and (iii) the initial estimate at the time of installation and during the
  period of use, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located.

  Subsequent costs are included in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment or recognised as a separate item of
  property, plant and equipment, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
  to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other costs, such as repairs and maintenance and overhaul costs,
  are recognised in the consolidated income statement as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

  Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference
  between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in the consolidated income statement on
  the date of retirement or disposal.

  Freehold land and projects under construction are not depreciated. Depreciation on other property, plant and equipment is calculated
  to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their expected residual value, if any, using the straight-line method
  over their estimated useful lives as follows:


  Land and buildings                                     Over the shorter of the unexpired term of land lease and the estimated useful life
  Exchange equipment                                     5 to 25 years
  Transmission plant                                     5 to 50 years
  Other plant and equipment                              1 to 20 years

  The assets’ useful lives and residual values, if any, are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.



                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024   115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      g. Leased assets
      An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group determines that the
      arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Such
      determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal
      form of a lease.

      i.   Assets leased to the Group
           Leases are initially recognised as a right-of-use asset/interest in leasehold land and corresponding liability, where applicable, at the
           date of which the leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
           cost. The finance cost is charged to the consolidated income statement over the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic
           rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

           The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term. Interest in
           leasehold land is amortised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

           The Group has elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and non-lease components of certain class of underlying assets
           and account for whole as a single lease component in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets.

           Assets leased to the Group and the corresponding liabilities are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
           the net present value of the following lease payments:

           –   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

           –   variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and

           –   payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group, as a lessee, exercising an option to
               terminate the lease.

           Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.

           The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be determined, or the incremental
           borrowing rate of respective entities. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

           –   the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities;

           –   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

           –   any initial direct costs; and

           –   restoration costs.

           Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in
           the consolidated income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise
           equipment and small items of office furniture.




116        PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  g. Leased assets (continued)
  ii. Assets leased out by the Group
      A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
      asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
      of an underlying asset.

       Where the Group leases out assets under operating leases, the assets are included in the consolidated statement of financial
       position according to their nature and, where applicable, are depreciated in accordance with the Group’s depreciation policies.
       Impairment losses are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in note 2(n)(ii). Revenue arising from
       operating leases is recognised in the consolidated income statement in equal instalments over the accounting periods covered by
       the lease term. Lease incentives granted are recognised in the consolidated income statement as an integral part of the aggregate
       net lease payments receivable. Contingent rentals are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

  h. Goodwill
  Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
  and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the
  acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at the date of acquisition.

  Goodwill is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated
  to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) and is tested at least annually for impairment (see note 2(n)(ii)). In respect of associates and joint
  ventures, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the interests in associates and joint ventures and tested
  for impairment when there is an indication that the investments may be impaired.

  On disposal of a CGU or part of a CGU, an associate or a joint venture during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is
  included in the calculation of the gain or loss on disposal.

  i.   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
  i.   Carrier licences
       Carrier licences to establish and maintain the telecommunications network and to provide telecommunications services are
       recorded as intangible assets. Upon the issuance of the licence, the cost thereof, which is the discounted value of the minimum
       annual fees payable over the period of the licence and directly attributable costs of preparing the asset for its intended use, is
       recorded as an intangible asset together with the related obligations. Where the Group has the right to return a licence and expects
       to do so, the asset and the related obligation recorded reflect the expected period that the licence will be held. Amortisation is
       provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the licence, commencing from the date of launch of the relevant
       telecommunications services.

       The difference between the discounted value of the minimum annual fees and the total minimum annual fee payments represents
       the effective cost of financing. Such finance cost will be charged to the consolidated income statement in the period in which it is
       incurred using the effective interest method.

       Variable annual payments on top of the minimum annual payments, if any, are recognised in the consolidated income statement as
       incurred.

  ii. Capitalised programme costs
      Costs incurred to produce or acquire television rights, for which the Group can determine the broadcasting schedules, are
      capitalised as intangible assets. The intangible assets are amortised on an accelerated basis over the shorter of the expected
      economic life of 1 to 5 years and the licence period. Other costs incurred for the transmission rights for showing programmes,
      sports events and films on the Group’s television channels, including sport rights for multiple seasons or competitions, of which
      the broadcasting schedules are determined by the content providers, are recognised in the consolidated income statement on a
      straight-line basis over the period of transmission rights across the season or competition. Other payments of programme costs
      made in advance or in arrears are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as other non-current assets,
      prepayments, deposits and other current assets or accruals and other payables, as appropriate.


                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      i. Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
      iii. Software
           Costs incurred to acquire, develop or enhance scientific or technical knowledge, and design and implement new process or
           systems, licences and market knowledge are capitalised as intangible assets if they are identifiable and the Group has power to
           obtain future economic benefits flowing from the underlying resource.

          Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of the identifiable software are capitalised as intangible
          assets if the following criteria are met:

          –   it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use;

          –   adequate technical, financial and other resources are available to complete the development and to use the software;

          –   the costs attributable to acquisition, development and enhancement of the software can be reliably measured; and

          –   the Group has power to obtain future economic benefits flowing from the underlying resource.

          Development costs that do not meet the above criteria are expensed in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

          Capitalised software costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 5 to 15 years.

      iv. Other intangible assets
          Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
          accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 2(n)(ii)). Expenditures on
          internally generated goodwill and brands are recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.

          Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over
          their estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised from the date they are available for
          use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

          Trademarks                        20 years
          Customer base                     4 to 12 years

          The assets’ useful lives and their amortisation methods are reviewed annually.

      j. Fulfilment costs
      Direct costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer, which mainly comprise setup and related costs in respect of the Group’s
      telecommunications and media services, are capitalised as an asset to the extent that the cost generates or enhances resources of
      the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in the future and are expected to be recovered. Fulfilment costs are
      amortised on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the customer contract.

      k. Customer acquisition costs
      Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer, which mainly comprise sales commission, are capitalised as customer
      acquisition costs if the Group expects to recover those costs. Costs of obtaining a contract are amortised on a systematic basis over the
      expected life of the customer contract.




118      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  l. Contract assets/liabilities
  Customer pays according to a pre-agreed payment schedule. If the performance obligations fulfilled by the Group exceed the total
  non-refundable payments received and unconditional rights to contract consideration to date, a contract asset is recognised. If the total
  non-refundable payments received and unconditional rights to contract consideration to date exceed the performance obligation fulfilled,
  a contract liability is recognised. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the Group’s rights to the contract consideration
  become unconditional.

  Advances from customers represent refundable customer advances, please refer to note 2(t) for the accounting policies.

  m. Investments in debt and equity securities
  Classification
  The Group classifies its investments in debt and equity securities, other than interests in subsidiaries, associates, and joint
  arrangements, as:

  –   those to be measured subsequently at fair value (at either fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) or fair value
      through profit or loss (“FVPL”)); and

  –   those to be measured at amortised cost.

  The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash
  flows.

  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive income. For
  investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity
  instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial
  recognition to account for the equity instrument at FVOCI.

  The Group reclassifies debt instruments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

  Recognition and derecognition
  Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase
  or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have
  been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownerships.

  Initial measurement
  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at FVPL, transaction
  costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are
  expensed in the consolidated income statement.

  Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely
  payments of principal and interest.




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024    119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      m. Investments in debt and equity securities (continued)
      Subsequent measurement
      Debt instruments
      Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
      characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

      –   Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments
          of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. A gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at
          amortised cost is recognised in the consolidated income statement when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income
          from these financial assets is included in interest income using the effective interest method.

      –   FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for sale, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
          payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other
          comprehensive income, except for the recognition of impairment losses, interest income using the effective interest method
          and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in the consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is
          derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the
          consolidated income statement and recognised in other gains/(losses), net.

      –   FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt instrument
          that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised and presented net in the consolidated income statement within other
          gains/(losses), net in the period in which it arises.

      Equity instruments
      The Group subsequently measures all equity instruments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has made an irrevocable
      election at initial recognition to present fair value gains and losses on equity instruments in other comprehensive income, there is
      no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following the derecognition of the
      investment, any balance within the financial assets at FVOCI reserve for these equity investments is reclassified to retained profits.
      Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the consolidated income statement as other gains/(losses), net when the
      Group’s right to receive payments is established.

      Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses), net in the consolidated income statement as
      applicable.

      Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity instruments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other
      changes in fair value.




120       PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  n. Impairment of assets
  i. Investments in debt instruments and trade and other receivables
     The Group assesses on forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised
     cost or FVOCI, and trade and other receivables carried at amortised cost.

     For investments in debt instruments and other receivables, the Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition
     of asset and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To
     assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at
     the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition by considering available reasonable and supportive
     forward-looking information. Considerations may include:

     –   internal credit rating;

     –   external credit rating (as far as available);

     –   actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
         significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations;

     –   actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower;

     –   significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; and

     –   significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes in the payment status of the
         borrower in the Group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

     Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is delinquent and in default status when
     there are unsettled amounts remaining on the account on the day after the invoice due date.

     At each reporting date, the Group measures the loss allowance for a financial asset at an amount equal to the lifetime expected
     credit losses if the credit risk on that financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition. If, at the reporting date, the
     credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for
     that financial asset at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses.

     For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses, which
     permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To measure the expected credit
     losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. When measuring
     expected credit losses, the Group considers the risk or probability that a credit loss occurs by reflecting the possibility that a credit
     loss occurs and possibility that no credit loss occurs.

     Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Group categorises a financial asset for
     write-off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments for a period greater than the predefined limit. Where loans or receivables
     have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the amounts due. Where
     recoveries are made, these are recognised in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                                     PCCW Annual Report 2024     121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      n. Impairment of assets (continued)
      ii. Impairment of other assets
          Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, or whenever events or changes in
          circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, to identify indications that the following assets may be
          impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

          –   property, plant and equipment;

          –   right-of-use assets;

          –   interests in leasehold land;

          –   fulfilment costs;

          –   customer acquisition costs;

          –   intangible assets;

          –   interests in associates and joint ventures; and

          –   goodwill.

          If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Impairment tests are performed for CGUs containing
          goodwill, intangible assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually whether
          or not there is any indication of impairment.

          –   Calculation of recoverable amount
              The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. Fair value less costs
              of disposal is the amount obtainable from the sale of an asset in an arm’s length transaction between knowledgeable, willing
              parties, less the costs of disposal. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
              value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
              to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable
              amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a CGU).

          –   Recognition of impairment losses
              An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement whenever the carrying amount of an asset, or the CGU
              to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to
              reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in
              the CGU on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying amount of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less
              costs of disposal, or value-in-use, if determinable.

          –   Reversals of impairment losses
              In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates
              used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not allowed to be reversed.

              A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
              loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to the consolidated income statement in the
              period in which the reversals are recognised.




122      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  n. Impairment of assets (continued)
  iii. Interim financial reporting and impairment
       Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required to prepare
       an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial
       year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would
       at the end of the financial year (see notes 2(n)(i) and 2(n)(ii)).

       Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is the case
       even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial
       year to which the interim period relates.

  o. Derivative financial instruments
  Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
  subsequently remeasured at their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is
  recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement, except where the derivatives are designated and qualify for hedge
  accounting, in which case recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged (see note 2(p)).

  The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item
  is more than 12 months, and as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is 12 months or less than
  12 months. Trading derivatives are classified as current assets or liabilities.

  p. Hedging
  At inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items
  including whether changes in the cash flows/fair value of the hedging instruments are expected to offset changes in the cash flows/fair
  value of hedged items. The Group documents its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.

  i.   Cash flow hedges
       The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in
       the hedging reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated
       income statement, within finance costs.

       When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group designates only the change in fair value of the forward
       contract related to the spot component as the hedging instrument. Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change
       in the spot component of the forward contracts are recognised in the hedging reserve within equity. The change in the forward
       element is recognised in the consolidated income statement.

       When cross currency swap contracts are used to hedge future cash flows, the Group designates only the change in fair value of the
       swap contract after exclusion of the foreign currency basis spread component as the hedging instrument. Gains or losses relating to
       the effective portion of the swap contract after exclusion of foreign currency basis spread component are recognised in the hedging
       reserve within equity. The change in fair value of the foreign currency basis spread of the swap contract to the extent it relates to the
       hedged item is recognised in the costs of hedging reserve within equity.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024   123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      p. Hedging (continued)
      i. Cash flow hedges (continued)
         Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified in the periods when the hedged item affects the consolidated income statement, as
         follows:

          –   The gain or loss relating to the effective portion of forward contracts is recognised in the consolidated income statement as the
              hedged item affects profit or loss.

          –   The gain or loss relating to the effective portion of the cross currency swap contracts hedging borrowings denominated in
              foreign currency is recognised in the consolidated income statement within finance costs at the same time as the interest
              expense on the hedged borrowings.

          –   The gain or loss relating to the effective portion of the interest rate swap contracts hedging variable rate borrowings is
              recognised in the consolidated income statement within finance costs at the same time as the interest expense on the hedged
              borrowings.

          When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,
          any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in equity at that time remains in equity until the forecast
          transaction occurs and affects profit or loss. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
          loss and deferred costs of hedging that were reported in equity are immediately reclassified to the consolidated income statement.

          Hedge ineffectiveness is recognised in the consolidated income statement within finance costs.

      ii. Fair value hedges
          When cross currency swap contracts are used to hedge the fair value of the recognised liabilities, the Group designates only the
          change in fair value of the swap contract after exclusion of the foreign currency basis spread component as the hedging instrument.
          Gains or losses relating to the swap contract after exclusion of foreign currency basis spread component are recognised in the
          consolidated income statement within finance costs, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged item that are
          attributable to the hedged risk. The change in the fair value of the foreign currency basis spread of the swap contract to the extent it
          relates to the hedged item is recognised within other comprehensive income in the costs of hedging reserve within equity.

      q. Inventories
      Inventories consist of purchased parts and materials, finished goods and consumable inventories.

      Purchased parts and materials and finished goods are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the
      estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
      make the sale.

      Consumable inventories, held for use in the maintenance and expansion of the Group’s telecommunications systems, are stated at cost
      less provision for deterioration and obsolescence.

      Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs
      incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

      r. Trade and other receivables
      Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant
      financing component, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds trade and other receivables with the objective to collect
      the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss
      allowance for expected credit losses (see note 2(n)(i)).




124      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  s. Cash and cash equivalents
  Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial institutions (other
  than restricted cash), and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are
  subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition and form an integral part
  of the Group’s cash management.

  t. Trade and other payables
  Trade payables, advances from customers and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently stated at amortised
  cost using the effective interest method.

  u. Borrowings
  Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, borrowings are
  stated at amortised cost with any difference between the amount initially recognised, being the proceeds net of transaction costs, and
  the redemption value being recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings, using the effective
  interest method.

  v. Provisions and contingent liabilities
  Provisions are recognised when (i) the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event; (ii) it is
  probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and (iii) a reliable estimate can be made of the
  amount of the obligation. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure
  expected to settle the obligation. The increase in provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

  Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation
  is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose
  existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent
  liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

  w. Revenue recognition
  The Group’s revenue is primarily earned from the following business units: (i) Telecommunications, (ii) Media, and (iii) Solutions.

  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of goods and rendering of services in the
  ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is recognised when the control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer.
  Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or services may be transferred over
  time or at a point in time.

  The Group often enters into bundled sale contracts with customers in which, apart from the provision of telecommunications, media,
  solutions and other services, the Group has certain other performance obligations to customers such as the delivery of handsets,
  equipment, gifts and reward points from the Group’s customer loyalty programme offering a variety of goods and services (“Reward
  Points”). When multiple-element arrangements exist, the total transaction price receivable from customers is allocated among the
  Group’s performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Management estimates the stand-alone selling price
  at contract inception mainly based on observable retail prices and observable market data of the respective performance obligations
  in similar circumstances to similar customers. If a bundled discount is granted, it is allocated to respective performance obligations
  based on their relative stand-alone selling prices unless the Group has observable evidence that the entire discount related to only
  one or more, but not all performance obligations in the contracts. The costs of respective handsets, equipment and gifts delivered are
  recognised as cost of sales when the corresponding revenue is recognised.

  A financing component, if any, might exist when timing of the payment for goods or services by the customers, differs from the timing of
  satisfaction of the performance obligation. Such financing component is not significant to the Group.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024       125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      w. Revenue recognition (continued)
      i. Telecommunications
         Telecommunications services comprise local telephony, local data and broadband, international telecommunications, mobile,
         enterprise solutions, and other telecommunications businesses such as customer premises equipment sales, outsourcing,
         consulting, and contact centres.

          Local telephony, local data and broadband, international telecommunications and mobile businesses earn revenue primarily
          by providing access to and usage of the telecommunications network locally and internationally. As part of the bundled service
          offerings, the Group also delivers handsets, equipment, gifts and Reward Points, which are considered as separate performance
          obligations.

          For the telecommunications services, revenue is recognised over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
          benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs and is based on the output method, either as the service
          allowance units are used or as time elapses, because it reflects the pattern by which the Group satisfies the performance obligation
          through the rendering of services to the customer. For service plan based on usage, where monthly usage exceeds the allowance,
          the overage usage represents options held by the customer for incremental services and the usage-based fee is recognised when
          the customer exercises the option. Income from other telecommunications services are recognised when services are rendered.
          Customers are invoiced in advance on a monthly basis or invoiced according to the pre-agreed payment schedule as set out in the
          customer contracts.

          For the sales of the handsets, equipment and gifts, revenue is generally recognised when control passes to the customer, being
          when the products are delivered to and accepted by the customer. The customer has full discretion over the handsets, equipment
          and gifts and there are no unfulfilled obligations that can affect the customer’s acceptance of those goods. Customers are invoiced
          immediately or invoiced according to the pre-agreed payment schedule as set out in the customer contracts.

          When the Reward Points are awarded to the members, such revenue at their relative stand-alone selling price is deferred as a
          liability until the Reward Points are redeemed. Breakage, referring to Reward Points that are expected to expire, is taken into
          consideration when determining the stand-alone selling price of the Rewards Points and determined based on assumptions such as
          historical experience, future redemption pattern and programme design.

      ii. Media
          Media services comprise interactive pay-TV services, domestic free television service in Hong Kong and over-the-top (“OTT”) digital
          media entertainment services.

          Subscription income from the interactive pay-TV services and OTT digital media entertainment services are recognised rateably over
          the contract period which generally coincides with when the services are rendered.

          Advertising income from interactive pay-TV services, domestic free television service in Hong Kong and OTT digital media
          entertainment services are recognised (i) when the advertisements are telecast on pay-TV and free TV, delivered through Internet
          and mobile platforms; or (ii) rateably over the contractual display period of the contract when the advertisements are placed on the
          Group’s website and mobile platforms.

          Customers are invoiced in advance on a monthly basis or invoiced according to the pre-agreed payment schedule as set out in the
          customer contracts.




126      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  w. Revenue recognition (continued)
  iii. Solutions
       Solutions services comprise the provision of information and communications technologies services and solutions to customers.

      Revenue from solutions services is recognised over time as the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
      customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Input method is used to measure the progress as it depicts the Group’s
      performance in transferring the control of the asset. The progress is measured by reference to the percentage of contract costs
      incurred to date to estimated total contract costs for the contract. When the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably,
      revenue is recognised only to the extent that it is probable the contract costs incurred will be recoverable. Customers make
      settlement periodically throughout the contract period according to the pre-agreed payment schedule. Accumulated experience is
      used to estimate the variable consideration to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur, using the
      expected value method, to be included in the transaction price.

  iv. Commission income
      Commission income is recognised when entitlement to the income is ascertained.

  x. Interest income
  Interest income is recognised on a time-apportioned basis using the effective interest method.

  y. Dividend income
  Dividend income is recognised when the shareholder’s right to receive payment is established.

  z. Borrowing costs
  Borrowing costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred, except to the extent that
  they are capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a
  substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.

  The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the asset is being
  incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are
  in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the
  qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed.

  Discounts or premiums relating to borrowings, and ancillary costs incurred in connection with arranging borrowings, to the extent that
  they are regarded as adjustments to interest costs, are recognised as expenses over the period of the borrowing using the effective
  interest method.

  aa. Cost of sales and general and administrative expenses
  General and administrative expenses represent operating costs incurred other than cost of sales. Cost of sales mainly includes cost
  of inventories sold, connectivity costs and staff costs relating to sales; while general and administrative expenses mainly include
  depreciation of property, plant and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use assets, amortisation of land lease premium, amortisation of
  intangible assets, amortisation of fulfilment costs, amortisation of customer acquisition costs, impairment loss for trade receivables and
  other staff costs.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024    127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      ab. Income tax
      i. Income tax for the year comprises current income tax and movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Current income
          tax and movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognised in the consolidated income statement except to the
          extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts
          are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

      ii. Current income tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
          at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to income tax payable in respect of previous years.

      iii. Deferred income tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
           financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred income tax is not recognised for:

          –   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and
              that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
              differences;

          –   temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to the extent that the Group is able to
              control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse
              in the foreseeable future or there is no sufficient taxable profit be available against which the deductible temporary differences
              can be utilised;

          –   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

          –   those related to Pillar Two Income Taxes.

          The Group recognised deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease liabilities and
          right-of-use assets.

          Deferred income tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the
          extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised. Future taxable profits
          that may support the recognition of deferred income tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will
          arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority
          and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible
          temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred income tax asset can be carried back or forward.

          The amount of deferred income tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the
          carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period
          and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised and the deferred income tax liability is settled.
          Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

          The carrying amount of a deferred income tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent
          that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such
          reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.




128      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  ab. Income tax (continued)
  iv. Current income tax balances and deferred income tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
      and are not offset. Current income tax assets are offset against current income tax liabilities, and deferred income tax assets against
      deferred income tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current income tax assets against current
      income tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

      –   in the case of current income tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
          and settle the liability simultaneously; or

      –   in the case of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on
          either:

          –   the same taxable entity; or

          –   different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred income tax liabilities or
              assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current income tax assets and settle the current income
              tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

  ac. Employee benefits
  i. Short-term employee benefits
      Salaries, annual bonuses, annual leave and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated
      services are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are
      stated at their present values.

  ii. Retirement and other post-employment benefits
      The Group offers the following retirement and other post-employment benefits to its employees:

      –   defined benefit retirement schemes;

      –   defined contribution retirement schemes (including the Mandatory Provident Fund “MPF” scheme); and

      –   Long Service Payments (“LSP”) under Hong Kong Employment Ordinance for employees in Hong Kong.

      The assets of retirement schemes are generally held in separate trustee-administered funds. The schemes are generally
      funded by contributions from the relevant Group companies and, in some cases, employees themselves, taking account of the
      recommendations of independent qualified actuaries if applicable.

      For defined contribution retirement schemes, the Group pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance
      plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
      have been paid. The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are recognised as an expense in the
      consolidated income statement in the period to which the contributions relate.

      The Group’s defined benefit retirement schemes liability and LSP obligations (as classified as other payables) recognised in the
      consolidated statement of financial position are the present values of the respective defined benefit obligations at the end of the
      reporting period less the fair value of scheme assets (if applicable). The calculation is performed annually by independent qualified
      actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present values of the defined benefit obligations and the LSP obligations are
      determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using discount rates with reference to market bond yields at the
      end of the reporting period, which have terms approximating the terms of the related liabilities. The net interest cost is calculated
      by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets (if applicable).
      This cost is included in staff costs in the consolidated income statement. In calculating the Group’s defined benefit retirement
      schemes liability and LSP obligations, any actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial
      assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.


                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024        129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      ac. Employee benefits (continued)
      iii. Share-based payments
           The Company operates a share option scheme where employees (including directors) are granted options to acquire PCCW Shares
           at specified exercise prices. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of options is recognised as
           staff costs in the consolidated income statement with a corresponding increase in an employee share-based compensation reserve
           under equity. The fair value of the options granted is measured at grant date using the trinomial option pricing model, taking into
           account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted, and spread over the respective vesting period during
           which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the options. During the vesting period, the number of share options that
           are expected to vest is reviewed. Any adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged or credited in the
           consolidated income statement for the year of the review, unless the original staff costs qualify for recognition as an asset, with a
           corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognised as staff
           costs is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share options that vests (with a corresponding adjustment to the employee
           share-based compensation reserve). The equity amount is recognised in the employee share-based compensation reserve until
           either the share options are exercised (when it is transferred to the share capital account) or the share options expire (when it is
           released directly to retained profits or accumulated losses). When the share options are exercised, the proceeds received, net of any
           directly attributable transaction costs, are credited to share capital.

          The Company also:

          (1) grants PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units to employees of PCCW and its participating companies at nil consideration under
              the share award schemes adopted on 15 November 2012, the extension of the duration of which for a further period of 10 years
              commencing from 15 November 2022 was approved by the Company on 12 August 2022 (collectively the “2012 Share Award
              Schemes”). Under the 2012 Share Award Schemes, the awarded PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units are either newly
              issued at issue price (the “PCCW Subscription Scheme”) or purchased from the open market (the “PCCW Purchase Scheme”);

          (2) grants PCCW Shares to employees of PCCW and its participating companies at nil consideration under PCCW Limited 2024
              Share Award Scheme adopted on 30 May 2024 (the “2024 Share Award Scheme”), under which the awarded PCCW Shares
              are either newly issued at issue price (the “Grants Funded by New PCCW Shares”) or purchased from the open market
              (the “Grants Funded by Existing PCCW Shares”); and

          (3) grants Share Stapled Units to employees of PCCW and its participating companies at nil consideration under HKT Trust and
              HKT Limited 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme adopted by HKT Trust and HKT Limited on 30 May 2024
              (the “2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme”), under which the awarded Share Stapled Units are either newly issued at
              issue price (the “Grants Funded by New Share Stapled Units”) or purchased from the open market (the “Grants Funded by
              Existing Share Stapled Units”).

          The 2012 Share Award Schemes will remain valid and effective until all outstanding awards granted thereunder have vested,
          lapsed, forfeited or been cancelled in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme. No further awards have been or will
          be granted under the 2012 Share Award Schemes after the annual general meeting of the Company held on 30 May 2024.




130      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  ac. Employee benefits (continued)
  iii. Share-based payments (continued)
       The cost of PCCW Shares purchased from the open market under the PCCW Purchase Scheme or the 2024 Share Award Scheme,
       and the issue price of newly issued PCCW Shares under the PCCW Subscription Scheme or the 2024 Share Award Scheme are
       recognised in equity as treasury stock. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the PCCW
       Shares under each scheme is recognised as staff costs in the consolidated income statement with a corresponding increase in an
       employee share-based compensation reserve under equity. The fair value of the awarded PCCW Shares is measured by the quoted
       market price of the PCCW Shares at grant date and is charged to the consolidated income statement over the respective vesting
       period. During the vesting period, the number of awarded PCCW Shares that are expected to vest is reviewed. Any adjustment to
       the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged or credited in the consolidated income statement for the year of the
       review, unless the original staff costs qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the employee
       share-based compensation reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognised as staff costs is adjusted to reflect the actual number
       of awarded PCCW Shares that vests (with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve) and the
       cost of awarded PCCW Shares recognised as treasury stock is transferred to the employee share-based compensation reserve with
       the difference recognised in equity.

      The cost of Share Stapled Units purchased from the open market under the PCCW Purchase Scheme or the 2024 Share Stapled
      Unit Award Scheme, and the issue price of newly issued Share Stapled Units under the PCCW Subscription Scheme or the 2024
      Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme are recognised in equity and non-controlling interests. The fair value of the employee services
      received in exchange for the grant of Share Stapled Units under each scheme is recognised as staff costs in the consolidated
      income statement with a corresponding increase in an employee share-based compensation reserve under equity. The fair value of
      the awarded Share Stapled Units is measured by the quoted market price of the Share Stapled Units at grant date and is charged
      to the consolidated income statement over the respective vesting period. During the vesting period, the number of awarded Share
      Stapled Units that are expected to vest is reviewed. Any adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged
      or credited in the consolidated income statement for the year of the review, unless the original staff costs qualify for recognition
      as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve. On vesting date, the amount
      recognised as staff costs is adjusted to reflect the actual number of awarded Share Stapled Units that vests (with a corresponding
      adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve) and the cost of awarded Share Stapled Units recognised in equity
      is transferred to the employee share-based compensation reserve with the difference recognised in equity and non-controlling
      interests.

  iv. Termination benefits
      Termination benefits are recognised only after either an agreement is in place with the appropriate employee representatives
      specifying the terms of redundancy and the number of employees affected, or individual employees have been advised of the
      specific terms.




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024   131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      ad. Translation of foreign currencies
      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
      environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in
      Hong Kong dollars (HK$), which is the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

      Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary
      assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting
      period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in the consolidated income statement, except when deferred in other comprehensive
      income as qualifying cash flow hedges.

      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign
      exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at
      fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates when the fair values are determined. Exchange differences
      arising on translation of non-monetary assets and liabilities, such as equity instruments at FVPL, are reported as part of the fair value
      gain or loss in the consolidated income statement. Exchange differences arising on translation of non-monetary assets and liabilities,
      such as equity instruments measured at FVOCI, are included in the fair value gain or loss in the financial assets at FVOCI reserve under
      equity.

      The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates
      ruling at the dates of transactions. Items of foreign operations in the consolidated statement of financial position, including goodwill
      arising on consolidation of foreign operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the foreign
      exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Goodwill arising on consolidation of a foreign operation acquired before
      1 January 2005 is translated at the foreign exchange rate that applied at the date of acquisition of the foreign operation. The resulting
      exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in the currency translation reserve
      under equity.

      On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign operations, and of borrowings
      and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, if any, are taken to other comprehensive income and
      accumulated separately in the currency translation reserve under equity. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of
      the exchange differences recognised in the currency translation reserve under equity which relates to that foreign operation is included
      in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.




132      PCCW Annual Report 2024
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  ae. Related parties
  For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

  i.   the party has the ability, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to control the Group or exercise significant
       influence over the Group in making financial and operating policy decisions, or has joint control over the Group;

  ii. the Group and the party are subject to common control;

  iii. the party is an associate of the Group or a joint venture in which the Group is a venturer;

  iv. the party is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent, or a close family member of such an
      individual, or is an entity under the control, joint control or significant influence of such individual;

  v. the party is a close family member of a party referred to in note i above or is an entity under the control, joint control or significant
     influence of such party;

  vi. the party is a post-employment benefit plan which is for the benefit of employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party
      of the Group; or

  vii. the entity, or any member of the Group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group.

  Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that individual
  in their dealings with the entity.

  af. Segment reporting
  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker
  (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been
  identified as the Group’s senior executive management.

  Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
  on a reasonable basis to that segment. Segment revenue, expense and segment performance include transactions between segments.
  Inter-segment pricing is based on similar terms to those available to other external parties for similar services. Inter-segment
  transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

  Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (including property, plant and
  equipment and interests in leasehold land) that are expected to be used for more than one year.

  ag. Dividend distribution
  Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial statements and
  the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividend is approved by the Company’s shareholders or directors, where
  appropriate.

  ah. Government grants
  Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
  and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or
  loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate. The Group netted off government
  grants relating to employee benefits with staff cost in cost of sales and general and administrative expenses that are not capitalised.
  Government grants relating to capitalised staff cost are directly deducted from the carrying amount of the respective assets recognised
  and credited to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.




                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      ai. Assets held for sale and discontinued operations
      Non-current assets are classified as held for sale when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction
      and a sale is considered highly probable. The non-current assets are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to
      sell.

      A discontinued operation is a component of the Group that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and that represents a
      separate major line of business, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business. The results of discontinued
      operations are presented separately in the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

      aj. Perpetual capital securities
      Perpetual capital securities with no contractual obligation to repay its principal or to pay any distribution are classified as part of equity.

3 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
      future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom
      equal the related actual results. Notes 18, 32(a) and 39 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to
      goodwill impairment, defined benefit retirement schemes liability and financial instruments. Management has also made judgements in
      applying the Group’s accounting policies. These judgements and other key sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed below:

      i. Impairment of non-financial assets
      At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews internal and external sources of information to identify indications that the
      following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may
      have decreased:

      –   property, plant and equipment;

      –   right-of-use assets;

      –   interests in leasehold land;

      –   fulfilment costs;

      –   customer acquisition costs;

      –   intangible assets;

      –   interests in associates and joint ventures; and

      –   goodwill.

      If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Impairment tests are performed for CGUs containing goodwill,
      intangible assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually whether or not there
      is any indication of impairment. Significant judgement is used to identify CGUs appropriately. An impairment loss is recognised in the
      consolidated income statement whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.

      The sources utilised to identify indications of impairment are often subjective in nature and the Group is required to use judgement in
      applying such information to its business. The Group’s interpretation of this information has a direct impact on whether an impairment
      assessment is performed at the end of any given reporting period. Such information is particularly significant as it relates to the Group’s
      telecommunications services and infrastructure businesses in Hong Kong.



134       PCCW Annual Report 2024
3 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  i. Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
  If an indication of impairment is identified, such information is further subject to an exercise that requires the Group to estimate
  the recoverable amount, representing the greater of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal or its value-in-use. Depending on
  the Group’s assessment of the overall materiality of the asset under review and complexity of deriving a reasonable estimate of
  the recoverable amount, the Group may perform such assessments utilising internal resources or the Group may engage external
  advisors to counsel the Group. Regardless of the resources utilised, the Group is required to make many assumptions to make these
  assessments, including the utilisation of such asset, the cash flows to be generated, appropriate market discount rates and the
  projected market and regulatory conditions. Changes in any of these assumptions could result in a material change to future estimates
  of the recoverable amount of any asset.

  ii. Revenue recognition
  Under certain arrangements, apart from the provision of telecommunications, media, solutions and other services, the Group has
  certain other performance obligations to customers such as the delivery of handsets, equipment, gifts and Reward Points. When
  multiple-element arrangements exist, the total transaction price receivable from customers is allocated among the Group’s performance
  obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Management estimates the stand-alone selling price at contract inception
  mainly based on observable retail prices and observable market data of the respective performance obligations in similar circumstances
  to similar customers. If a bundled discount is granted, it is allocated to respective performance obligations based on their relative
  stand-alone selling prices unless the Group has observable evidence that the entire discount related to only one or more, but not all
  performance obligations in the contracts. The Group is required to exercise considerable judgement in relation to estimating the stand-
  alone selling price.

  Revenue from solutions services is recognised over time as the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer
  controls. Input method is used to measure the progress as it depicts the Group’s performance in transferring the control of the asset.
  The progress is measured by reference to the percentage of contract costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs for the
  contract. When the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognised only to the extent that it is probable the
  contract costs incurred will be recoverable. The Group is required to exercise judgement in estimating the total contract costs to apply
  the percentage of completion method for revenue recognition.

  iii. Deferred income tax
  While deferred income tax liabilities are provided in full on all taxable temporary differences, deferred income tax assets are recognised
  only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
  In assessing the amount of deferred income tax assets that need to be recognised, the Group considers future taxable income and
  business plans. In the event that the Group’s estimates of projected future taxable income and benefits from available business plans
  are changed, or changes in current income tax regulations are enacted that would impact the timing or extent of the Group’s ability to
  utilise the tax benefits of net operating loss carry-forward in the future, adjustments to the recorded amount of net deferred income tax
  assets and income tax expense would be made.

  iv. Current income tax
  The Group makes a provision for current income tax based on estimated taxable income for the year. The estimated income tax
  liabilities are primarily computed based on the tax computations as prepared by the Group. Nevertheless, from time to time, there are
  queries raised by the tax authorities of Hong Kong and elsewhere on the tax treatment of items included in the tax computations and
  certain non-routine transactions. If the Group considers it probable that these queries or judgements will result in different tax positions,
  the most likely amounts of the outcome will be estimated and adjustments to the income tax expense and income tax liabilities will be
  made accordingly.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024    135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

3 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      v. Lives of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (other than goodwill), fulfilment costs and customer acquisition costs
      The Group has significant property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (other than goodwill), fulfilment costs and customer
      acquisition costs. The Group is required to estimate the lives of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets (other than goodwill),
      fulfilment costs and customer acquisition costs in order to ascertain the amount of depreciation and amortisation charges for each
      reporting period.

      The lives are estimated at the time of purchase of these assets or direct costs incurred in fulfilling or acquiring a contract with a
      customer after considering future technology changes, business developments, the Group’s strategies and expected lives of customer
      contracts. The Group performs annual reviews to assess the appropriateness of the estimated lives. Such reviews take into account
      any unexpected adverse changes in circumstances or events, including declines in projected operating results, negative industry
      or economic trends and rapid advancements in technology. The Group extends or shortens the lives according to the results of the
      reviews.

      vi. Lease term and discount rate determination
      In determining the lease term, management considers facts and circumstances such as conditions of the Group’s existing leases, future
      technology changes, business developments and the Group’s strategies, that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
      option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term
      if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). Potential future cash outflows are not included in the lease liability
      because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated). The assessment is reviewed if a significant
      event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is within the control of the lessee. As at
      31 December 2024, potential future undiscounted cash outflows of HK$641 million (2023: HK$640 million) have not been included in
      the lease liabilities because it is not reasonably certain that the lease will be extended (or not terminated).

      In determining the discount rate, the Group is required to exercise considerable judgement by taking into account the nature of the
      underlying assets and the terms and conditions of the leases, at both the commencement date and the effective date of the lease
      modification (if any).

      vii. Value of unlisted securities
      The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active market is individually determined at the end of each reporting period
      by management based on market value assessment taking into consideration of portfolio statements, if any. Fair value is determined
      using various valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis. Note 39(e) contains details of key assumptions used.




136      PCCW Annual Report 2024
4 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

   In HK$ million                                                                            Note              2023                   2024

   ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


   Non-current assets
   Interests in subsidiaries                                                                                 36,770              36,805
   Derivative financial instruments                                                                                 –                  35

                                                                                                             36,770              36,840

   Current assets
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                               7,741             10,624
   Prepayments, deposits and other current assets                                                                 39                   46
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     431                  111

                                                                                                               8,211             10,781

   Current liabilities
   Accruals and other payables                                                                                    (25)                 (34)
   Current income tax liabilities                                                                                  (3)                  (2)
   Derivative financial instruments                                                                                 –                   (4)

                                                                                                                  (28)                 (40)

   Non-current liabilities
   Long-term borrowings                                                                                       (6,701)             (9,839)
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                                (7,023)             (7,043)
   Derivative financial instruments                                                                                (5)                  –

                                                                                                             (13,729)            (16,882)

   Net assets                                                                                                31,224              30,699

   CAPITAL AND RESERVES


   Share capital                                                                               30            12,954              12,954
   Reserves                                                                                    34            18,270              17,745

   Total equity                                                                                              31,224              30,699


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board on 21 February 2025 and signed on behalf of the Board by




                         Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                            Hui Hon Hing, Susanna
                               Director                                                          Director

                                                                                                            PCCW Annual Report 2024     137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      During the year, the Group had the following significant transactions with related parties:


      In HK$ million                                                                                Note             2023              2024

      Telecommunications service fees, IT development and support service charges,
        contact centre service charges, hotline services fees, consultancy service charges,
        interest income and other costs recharge received or receivable from joint ventures           a                50                 49
      Telecommunications service fees, connectivity service fees, interest income, contact
        centre service charges, equipment sales, customer acquisition service fees,
        consultancy service charges, advertising fees, insurance premium, transitional
        service fees, management fee, travel agency service fee, licence fees and other
        costs recharge received or receivable from associates                                         a               131                 96
      Telecommunications service fees, data centre service fees and contact centre service
        charges received or receivable from a substantial shareholder                                 a               186                180
      Telecommunications service fees, outsourcing fees, rental charges and interest
        expense paid or payable to joint ventures                                                     a               270                278
      IT charges, logistic charges, other contractor service fees, transitional service fees,
        rental charges, customer acquisition service fees and licence fees paid or payable
        to associates                                                                                 a             1,363             1,261
      Telecommunications service fees and data centre service fees paid or payable to a
        substantial shareholder                                                                       a               163                175
      Telecommunications service fees, data centre service fees, connectivity service
        fees, equipment sales, insurance premium, insurance agency service charges,
        advertising fees, interest income and other costs recharge received or receivable
        from related parties under a common shareholder with the Company                              a               174                159
      Insurance premium paid or payable to related parties under a common shareholder
        with the Company                                                                              a               252                175
      Purchase of guaranteed notes issued by an associate                                             b                25                     –
      Key management compensation                                                                     c                86                 87


      a. The above transactions were carried out after negotiations between the Group and the related parties in the ordinary course of
      business and on the basis of estimated market value as determined by the directors. In respect of transactions for which the price or
      volume has not yet been agreed with the relevant related parties, the directors have determined the relevant amounts based on their
      best estimation.

      b. The guaranteed notes were purchased at quoted market price from open market.




138      PCCW Annual Report 2024
5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  c. Details of key management compensation


  In HK$ million                                                                                                   2023                  2024

  Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                                                                     68                   63
  Share-based compensation                                                                                            15                   21
  Post-employment benefits                                                                                             3                   3

                                                                                                                      86                   87


  d. Balances with related companies
  As at 31 December 2024, other than 1) as specified in notes 21 and 22; 2) an unsecured loan of HK$59 million which bears interest at
  2.5% per annum and is repayable within 1 year classified as amounts due to related companies; 3) an unsecured loan of HK$20 million
  which bears interest at 2.93% per annum and is repayable within 1 year classified as amounts due to related companies; 4) 5.125%
  guaranteed note due 2026 with a carrying value of HK$805 million issued by an associate and classified as other financial assets; the
  other amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and have no fixed repayment terms.

  As at 31 December 2023, other than 1) as specified in notes 21 and 22; 2) an unsecured loan of HK$82 million which bears interest
  at 2.5% per annum and is repayable within 1 year classified as amounts due to related companies; 3) 4.5% guaranteed note due 2026
  with a carrying value of HK$562 million issued by a related party and classified as other financial assets; and 4) 5.125% guaranteed
  note due 2026 with a carrying value of HK$807 million issued by an associate and classified as other financial assets; the other
  amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and have no fixed repayment terms.

6 SEGMENT INFORMATION
  The CODM is the Group’s senior executive management. The CODM reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess
  performance and allocate resources and the segment information is reported below in accordance with this internal reporting.

  The CODM considers the business from the product perspective and assesses the performance of the following segments:

  –   HKT Limited (“HKT”) is Hong Kong’s premier telecommunications service provider. The principal activities of HKT and its
      subsidiaries are the provision of technology and telecommunications and related services including enterprise solutions, mobile
      services, total home solutions, media entertainment and other new businesses such as loyalty platform, financial services and
      healthtech services. It operates primarily in Hong Kong, and also serves customers in mainland China and other parts of the world.

  –   Media Business provides OTT digital media entertainment services in Hong Kong, the Asia Pacific region, and other parts of the
      world, in addition to offering domestic free television service in Hong Kong. It is also engaged in content production, as well as
      artiste and event management.

  –   Other businesses of the Group (“Other Businesses”) primarily comprise corporate support functions and other IT solutions
      businesses.

  The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of adjusted earnings before interest, tax,
  depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”). EBITDA represents earnings before interest income, finance costs, income tax, depreciation
  and amortisation, gains/losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment, interests in leasehold land, right-of-use assets and
  intangible assets, net other gains/losses, losses on property, plant and equipment, restructuring costs, impairment losses on goodwill,
  tangible and intangible assets and interests in associates and joint ventures, and the Group’s share of results of associates and joint
  ventures.

  Segment revenue, expense and segment performance include transactions between segments. Inter-segment pricing is based on
  similar terms to those available to other external parties for similar services. The revenue from external parties reported to the CODM is
  measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.


                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024     139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

6 SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s CODM is set out below:


      In HK$ million                                                                            2023
                                                                                   Media            Other
                                                                      HKT        Business     Businesses        Eliminations   Consolidated

      REVENUE
      External revenue                                             32,740           2,840            767                  –         36,347
      Inter-segment revenue                                         1,590             564               –            (2,154)             –

      Total revenue                                                34,330           3,404            767             (2,154)        36,347

      External revenue from contracts with customers:
        Timing of revenue recognition
          At a point in time                                        7,038             648               –                 –          7,686
          Over time                                                25,619           2,192            762                  –         28,573
      External revenue from other sources:
        Rental income                                                  83               –               5                 –             88

                                                                   32,740           2,840            767                  –         36,347

      RESULTS
      EBITDA                                                       13,400             782           (697)              (654)        12,831

      OTHER INFORMATION
      Capital expenditure (including property,
        plant and equipment and interests in
        leasehold land) incurred during the year                    2,273              51               –                 –          2,324




140      PCCW Annual Report 2024
6 SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s CODM is set out below: (continued)


  In HK$ million                                                                            2024
                                                                               Media            Other
                                                                  HKT        Business     Businesses    Eliminations     Consolidated

  REVENUE
  External revenue                                             33,775           3,024            758                –          37,557
  Inter-segment revenue                                           978             491              45         (1,514)                  –

  Total revenue                                                34,753           3,515            803          (1,514)          37,557

  External revenue from contracts with customers:
    Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                        8,299             561               –               –               8,860
      Over time                                                25,408           2,463            756                –          28,627
  External revenue from other sources:
    Rental income                                                  68               –               2               –                 70

                                                               33,775           3,024            758                –          37,557

  RESULTS
  EBITDA                                                       13,743             590           (746)            (738)         12,849

  OTHER INFORMATION
  Capital expenditure (including property,
    plant and equipment and interests in
    leasehold land) incurred during the year                    2,214             126               1               –               2,341




                                                                                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024      141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

6 SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      A reconciliation of total segment EBITDA to profit before income tax is provided as follows:


      In HK$ million                                                                                                2023              2024

      Total segment EBITDA                                                                                        12,831            12,849
      (Losses)/Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net                         (2)               10
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                (7,863)           (7,471)
      Other gains, net                                                                                               281                439
      Interest income                                                                                                165                133
      Finance costs                                                                                                (2,661)           (2,817)
      Share of results of associates and joint ventures                                                              (252)             (355)


      Profit before income tax                                                                                     2,499              2,788


      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group’s revenue from external customers. In presenting
      information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical location that the Group derives
      revenue from customers.

      In HK$ million                                                                                                2023              2024

      Hong Kong (place of domicile)                                                                               28,477            29,145
      Mainland and other parts of China                                                                            1,590              1,866
      Singapore                                                                                                    1,551              1,404
      Others                                                                                                       4,729              5,142

                                                                                                                  36,347            37,557


      As at 31 December 2024, the total of non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred income tax assets, located in
      Hong Kong was HK$72,749 million (2023: HK$69,745 million), and the total of these non-current assets located in other geographical
      locations was HK$4,961 million (2023: HK$4,884 million).




142      PCCW Annual Report 2024
7 REVENUE

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                  2024

  Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                        36,259             37,487
  Revenue from other sources: rental income                                                                         88                   70

                                                                                                               36,347             37,557


  a. Revenue recognition in relation to contract liabilities

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                  2024

  Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at
    the beginning of the year                                                                                    1,606                 1,659


  b. Unsatisfied long-term fixed-price contracts


  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                  2024

  Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to long-term fixed-price contracts
    that are partially or fully unsatisfied as at 31 December                                                  33,645             35,489


  As at 31 December 2024, management expected that 39% and 23% (2023: 34% and 25%) of the transaction price allocated to the
  unsatisfied long-term fixed-price contracts would be recognised as revenue during the first and second year respectively after the end of
  the reporting period. The remaining 38% (2023: 41%) would be recognised as revenue in the periods afterward. The amount disclosed
  above does not include unsatisfied performance obligation that is related to the Group’s contracts with customers with duration of one
  year or less and contracts with customers billed directly according to performance completed to date.

8 OTHER GAINS, NET

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                  2024

  Fair value movement of derivative financial instruments                                                          (31)                   7
  Fair value movement on financial assets at FVPL (note 24)                                                        169                  264
  Gain on deemed disposal of interest in an associate, net (note 21)                                                 –                   86
  Recovery of investment from re-organisation                                                                        –                   79
  Gain/(Loss) on disposal of other financial assets                                                               103                    (39)
  Other                                                                                                             40                   42

                                                                                                                   281                  439




                                                                                                             PCCW Annual Report 2024      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

9 PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
      Profit before income tax was stated after charging and crediting the following:

      a. Staff costs


      In HK$ million                                                                                              2023              2024

      Salaries, bonuses and other benefits                                                                       2,948             2,333
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                                             46                54
      Retirement costs under defined contribution retirement schemes                                               338               339
      Retirement costs under defined benefit retirement schemes                                                       2                   3

                                                                                                                 3,334             2,729
      Less: staff costs included in cost of sales                                                                 (868)             (642)

      Staff costs included in general and administrative expenses                                                2,466             2,087


      b. Cost of sales


      In HK$ million                                                                                              2023              2024

      Cost of inventories sold                                                                                   6,954             8,186
      Connectivity costs                                                                                         7,043             6,970
      Staff costs                                                                                                  868               642
      Write-back of provision for inventory obsolescence, net                                                        (3)                  (9)
      Others                                                                                                     3,254             3,338

                                                                                                                18,116            19,127


      Included in other cost of sales were remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditor of HK$70 million (2023: HK$67 million)
      for non-audit services.




144      PCCW Annual Report 2024
9 PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
  Profit before income tax was stated after charging and crediting the following: (continued)

  c. General and administrative expenses


  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                   2024

  Staff costs                                                                                                    2,466                  2,087
  Impairment loss for trade receivables                                                                            245                   274
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                  1,385                  1,159
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets – land and buildings                                                       1,296                  1,272
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets – network capacity and equipment                                             122                   115
  Amortisation of land lease premium – interests in leasehold land                                                  17                    16
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                              3,456                  3,182
  Amortisation of fulfilment costs                                                                                 386                   484
  Amortisation of customer acquisition costs                                                                     1,201                  1,243
  Losses/(Gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net                            2                   (10)
  Exchange losses/(gains), net                                                                                     153                   (161)
  Less: cash flow hedges: transfer from equity                                                                    (126)                  229
  Remuneration to the Company’s auditor
  – audit and audit-related services                                                                                26                    27
  – non-audit services                                                                                              12                      6
  Remuneration to other auditors
  – audit and audit-related services                                                                                15                    17
  – non-audit services                                                                                              11                      3
  Others                                                                                                         2,598                  3,099

                                                                                                               13,265              13,042


10 FINANCE COSTS

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                   2024

  Interest expense, excluding interest expense on lease liabilities                                              2,569                  2,866
  Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                             88                    97
  Notional accretion on carrier licence fee liabilities                                                             89                    87
  Other finance costs                                                                                               10                    13
  Hedge ineffectiveness: cross currency swap contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts
    – cash flow hedges for foreign currency risk                                                                    97                   108
  Hedge ineffectiveness: interest rate swap contracts – cash flow hedges for interest rate risk                     (19)                  (56)
  Cash flow hedges: transfer from equity                                                                            (21)                  (21)
  Impact of redesignation of fair value hedges                                                                        4                    –

                                                                                                                 2,817                  3,094
  Interest capitalised in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (note a)                            (156)                  (277)

                                                                                                                 2,661                  2,817


  a. The capitalisation rates used to determine the amount of interest eligible for capitalisation in property, plant and equipment and
  intangible assets ranged from 4.19% to 5.55% for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: 3.52% to 5.19%).



                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024      145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

11 DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ EMOLUMENTS
      Details of directors’ emoluments are set out below:

      a. Directors’ emoluments – cash and cash equivalents paid/payable


      In HK$ million                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                             Retirement
                                                                                              Benefits                          schemes      Share-based
                                              Directors’ fee       Salaries   Allowances       in kind1          Bonuses2   contributions   compensation3    Total

      Executive directors
      Li Tzar Kai, Richard                                –              –            –           0.05                 –               –               –      0.05
      Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                               –         10.23         12.41           0.05             18.07            1.23           15.94     57.934


      Non-executive directors
      Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                             0.25              –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.25
      Tang Yongbo5                                     0.206             –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.20
      Wei Zhe, David                                   0.25              –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.25
      Meng Shusen                                      0.25    7
                                                                         –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.25
      Wang Fang                                        0.508             –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.50


      Independent non-executive directors
      Aman Mehta                                       1.009             –         0.53              –                 –               –               –      1.53
      Frances Waikwun Wong                             0.6210            –            –              –                 –               –               –      0.62
      Bryce Wayne Lee                                  0.25              –         0.13              –                 –               –               –      0.38
      Lars Eric Nils Rodert                            0.25              –         0.13              –                 –               –               –      0.38
      David Christopher Chance                         0.25              –         0.27              –                 –               –               –      0.52
      Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed11                0.21              –         0.27              –                 –               –               –      0.48

                                                       4.03         10.23         13.74           0.10             18.07            1.23           15.94     63.34


      Notes:
      1 Benefits in kind includes medical insurance premium and club membership fees, where applicable.
      2 Bonus amounts shown above represent the 2022 bonuses that were paid in 2023. It was determined by reference to the Group and the individual performance
          during the year ended 31 December 2022.
      3 Share-based compensation amounts shown above represent the aggregate fair values at the respective award dates of the PCCW Shares and/or Share Stapled
          Units vested in 2023 for respective directors under the share award schemes.
      4 Represents the total emoluments receivable from both the Company and HKT for acting as the acting group managing director and group chief financial officer
          of the Company and the group managing director of HKT.
      5 Appointed as a non-executive director with effect from 3 August 2023.
      6 Fees receivable as a non-executive director of both the Company and HKT in 2023 were surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications
          Group Company Limited, in accordance with an arrangement between Mr Tang Yongbo and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a
          substantial shareholder of the Company.
      7 Fee receivable as a non-executive director in 2023 was surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, in
          accordance with an arrangement between Ms Meng Shusen and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a substantial shareholder of
          the Company.
      8 Fees receivable as a non-executive director of both the Company and HKT in 2023 were surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications
          Group Company Limited, in accordance with an arrangement between Ms Wang Fang and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a
          substantial shareholder of the Company.
      9 Includes HK$124,400 fee as Chairman of Nomination Committee, HK$124,400 fee as Chairman of Audit Committee and HK$124,400 fee as Chairman of
          Remuneration Committee of the Company as well as fees of HK$248,800 and HK$124,400 for acting as an independent non-executive director of HKT and
          Chairman of its Nomination Committee respectively.
      10 Includes fees of HK$248,800 and HK$124,400 for acting as an independent non-executive director of HKT and Chairperson of its Remuneration Committee
          respectively.
      11 Appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 24 February 2023.




146        PCCW Annual Report 2024
11 DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Details of directors’ emoluments are set out below: (continued)

  a. Directors’ emoluments – cash and cash equivalents paid/payable (continued)


  In HK$ million                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                          Retirement
                                                                                          Benefits                          schemes      Share-based
                                         Directors’ fee      Salaries    Allowances        in kind1          Bonuses2   contributions   compensation3        Total

  Executive directors
  Li Tzar Kai, Richard                               –             –             –            0.05                 –               –               –          0.05
  Hui Hon Hing, Susanna                              –         10.53          7.38            0.05             20.40            1.26           17.09         56.714


  Non-executive directors
  Tse Sze Wing, Edmund                            0.26             –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.26
  Tang Yongbo                                     0.505            –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.50
  Wei Zhe, David                                  0.26             –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.26
  Meng Shusen                                     0.266
                                                                   –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.26
  Wang Fang7                                      0.258            –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.25


  Independent non-executive directors
  Aman Mehta                                      1.029            –          0.26               –                 –               –               –          1.28
  Frances Waikwun Wong                            0.6310           –             –               –                 –               –               –          0.63
  Bryce Wayne Lee                                 0.26             –          0.53               –                 –               –               –          0.79
  Lars Eric Nils Rodert                           0.26             –          0.53               –                 –               –               –          0.79
  David Christopher Chance                        0.26             –          0.40               –                 –               –               –          0.66
  Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed                 0.26             –          0.53               –                 –               –               –          0.79

                                                  4.22         10.53          9.63            0.10             20.40            1.26           17.09         63.23


  Notes:
  1 Benefits in kind includes medical insurance premium and club membership fees, where applicable.
  2 Bonus amounts shown above represent the 2023 bonuses that were paid in 2024. It was determined by reference to the Group and the individual performance
      during the year ended 31 December 2023.
  3 Share-based compensation amounts shown above represent the aggregate fair values at the respective award dates of the PCCW Shares and/or Share Stapled
      Units vested in 2024 for respective directors under the share award schemes.
  4 Represents the total emoluments receivable from both the Company and HKT for acting as the acting group managing director and group chief financial officer
      of the Company and the group managing director of HKT.
  5 Fees receivable as a non-executive director of both the Company and HKT in 2024 were surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications
      Group Company Limited, in accordance with an arrangement between Mr Tang Yongbo and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a
      substantial shareholder of the Company.
  6 Fee receivable as a non-executive director in 2024 was surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, in
      accordance with an arrangement between Ms Meng Shusen and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a substantial shareholder of
      the Company.
  7 Resigned as a non-executive director with effect from 28 June 2024.
  8 Fees receivable as a non-executive director of both the Company and HKT in 2024 were surrendered to a subsidiary of China United Network Communications
      Group Company Limited, in accordance with an arrangement between Ms Wang Fang and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited, a
      substantial shareholder of the Company.
  9 Includes HK$128,200 fee as Chairman of Nomination Committee, HK$128,200 fee as Chairman of Audit Committee and HK$128,200 fee as Chairman of
      Remuneration Committee of the Company as well as fees of HK$256,300 and HK$128,200 for acting as an independent non-executive director of HKT and
      Chairman of its Nomination Committee respectively.
  10 Includes fees of HK$256,300 and HK$128,200 for acting as an independent non-executive director of HKT and Chairperson of its Remuneration Committee
      respectively.




                                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024      147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

11 DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      b. Directors’ other services
      No other emoluments were paid to or receivable by any director in respect of directors’ other services in connection with the
      management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings during the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

      c. Directors’ retirement benefits
      No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any director during the year ended 31 December 2024 by a defined contribution
      retirement scheme operated by the Group in respect of services as a director of the Company and its subsidiaries (2023: nil).

      No other retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any director in respect of other services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertakings during the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

      d. Directors’ termination benefits
      No payments or benefits in respect of the termination of directors’ services were paid to or receivable by the directors during the year
      ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

      e. Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
      No consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services during the year ended
      31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

      f. Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings entered into by the Company or subsidiary undertakings of the
      Company, where applicable, in favour of directors
      There were no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities during
      the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

      g. Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
      No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in
      which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the reporting period or at
      any time during the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).




148      PCCW Annual Report 2024
11 DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  h. Individuals with highest emoluments
  i. Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one (2023: one) is a director of the Company whose emoluments are disclosed
     in note 11(a). The emoluments in respect of the four (2023: four) non-director individuals for the year ended 31 December 2024,
     were as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                                                                     2023                  2024

  Salaries, share-based compensation, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  30                   31
  Bonuses                                                                                                              16                    5
  Retirement scheme contributions                                                                                        2                   2

                                                                                                                       48                   38


  ii. The emoluments of the four (2023: four) non-director individuals for the year ended 31 December 2024 were within the following
      emolument ranges:

                                                                                                                Number of individuals
                                                                                                                     2023                  2024

  HK$7,500,001 – HK$8,000,000                                                                                            1                   –
  HK$8,000,001 – HK$8,500,000                                                                                            –                   1
  HK$9,000,001 – HK$9,500,000                                                                                            –                   1
  HK$10,000,001 – HK$10,500,000                                                                                          –                   2
  HK$10,500,001 – HK$11,000,000                                                                                          1                   –
  HK$11,500,001 – HK$12,000,000                                                                                          1                   –
  HK$18,500,001 – HK$19,000,000                                                                                          1                   –

                                                                                                                         4                   4


12 INCOME TAX
  a. Income tax in the consolidated income statement represents:


  In HK$ million                                                                                                     2023                  2024

  Current income tax:
    Hong Kong profits tax
    – provision for current year                                                                                      350                  567
    – over provision in respect of prior years                                                                       (392)                  (36)
    Overseas tax
    – provision for current year                                                                                       71                   66
    – under provision in respect of prior years                                                                          2                  14
  Movement of deferred income tax (note 35(a))                                                                        378                  236

                                                                                                                      409                  847


  Hong Kong profits tax is provided at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

  Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing in the respective
  jurisdictions.



                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024     149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

12 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
      b. Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


      In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023               2024

      Profit before income tax                                                                                      2,499               2,788

      Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the Hong Kong tax rate of 16.5%
        (2023: 16.5%)                                                                                                 412                460
      Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating overseas                                                   1                 (3)
      Income not subject to tax                                                                                        (50)              (147)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                        505                668
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                                       267                269
      Over provision in respect of prior years, net                                                                  (390)                (22)
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                (10)               (81)
      Recognition of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                              (155)               (108)
      Recognition of previously unrecognised temporary differences                                                     10                 12
      Results of associates and joint ventures not deductible for tax purposes                                         42                 59
      Withholding tax and others                                                                                       20                 12
      Corporate income tax incentives                                                                                (243)               (272)

      Income tax expense                                                                                              409                847


      c. Pillar Two Income Taxes
      In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released the Pillar Two model rules, also
      known as the Global Anti-Base Erosion Proposal (“GloBE”), to reform international corporate taxation.

      The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules. Pillar Two legislation has come into effect, or is expected to come
      into effect, on or after 1 January 2024 in several jurisdictions in which the Group operates, including Australia, Belgium, Canada,
      France, Germany, Greece, Japan, South Africa, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.
      Implementation is scheduled for 1 January 2025 in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, and Hong Kong (pending approval from
      the Legislative Council). The People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) has yet to announce Pillar Two legislation.

      The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception provided in the amendments to HKAS 12 Income Taxes issued by the
      HKICPA in July 2023, thereby not recognising or disclosing information about deferred income tax assets and liabilities associated with
      Pillar Two Income Taxes.

      Under the OECD Pillar Two model rules, the Group is liable to pay a top-up tax for the difference between its GloBE effective tax rate
      per jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. The Group has assessed the top-up tax implication under the Pillar Two legislation based
      on the financial data for the year ended 31 December 2024. According to the assessments, the Group has no related current tax
      exposures in 2024 under the Pillar Two legislation as of the reporting date.

      The Group will continue to monitor global developments related to the Pillar Two legislation and reassess any potential impacts
      accordingly.




150      PCCW Annual Report 2024
13 DIVIDENDS

  In HK$ million                                                                                                                   2023                   2024

  Interim dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year of 9.77 HK cents
      (2023: 9.77 HK cents) per ordinary share                                                                                      756                       756
  Less: dividend for PCCW Shares held by share award schemes                                                                           (1)                      (1)

                                                                                                                                    755                       755

  Final dividend declared in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
      paid during the year of 28.48 HK cents (2023: 28.48 HK cents) per ordinary share                                            2,204                   2,204
  Less: dividend for PCCW Shares held by share award schemes                                                                           (3)                      (2)

                                                                                                                                  2,201                   2,202

                                                                                                                                  2,956                   2,957

  Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of 28.48 HK cents
      (2023: 28.48 HK cents) per ordinary share                                                                                   2,204                   2,205


  Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period is not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

14 LOSS PER SHARE
  The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share were based on the following data:


                                                                                                                                   2023                   2024

  Loss (in HK$ million)
  Loss for the purpose of basic and diluted loss                                                                                   (471)                      (300)

  Number of shares
  Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                                           7,739,638,249          7,740,012,052
  Effect of PCCW Shares held under the Company’s share award schemes                                                      (12,150,819)             (8,904,538)

  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic loss per share                                   7,727,487,430          7,731,107,514
  Effect of PCCW Shares awarded under the Company’s share award schemes                                                                –*                       –*

  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of diluted loss per share                                 7,727,487,430          7,731,107,514


  *    The effect of PCCW Shares awarded under the Company’s share award schemes would result in anti-dilutive effect on loss per share for the years ended
       31 December 2023 and 2024.




                                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024         151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      In HK$ million                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                               Other    Projects
                                                              Land and        Exchange     Transmission     plant and     under
                                                                  buildings   equipment           plant   equipment construction    Total

      Cost
      Beginning of year                                              1,585      16,914         26,150         15,818      2,609    63,076
      Additions                                                          –         290            383            397      1,254     2,324
      Transfers                                                          –         102            521            309       (932)       –
      Disposals                                                          –         (734)          (132)         (285)         –    (1,151)
      Exchange differences                                               –            2             56           (38)        14       34

      End of year                                                    1,585      16,574         26,978         16,201      2,945    64,283

      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment
      Beginning of year                                               970       10,818         13,859         10,597          –    36,244
      Charge for the year                                               36         419            533            397          –     1,385
      Disposals                                                          –         (731)          (131)         (280)         –    (1,142)
      Exchange differences                                               –            1             42           (34)         –         9

      End of year                                                    1,006      10,507         14,303         10,680          –    36,496

      Net book value


      End of year                                                     579         6,067        12,675          5,521      2,945    27,787

      Beginning of year                                               615         6,096        12,291          5,221      2,609    26,832




152      PCCW Annual Report 2024
15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

  In HK$ million                                                                           2024
                                                                                                     Other        Projects
                                                      Land and      Exchange Transmission         plant and          under
                                                      buildings    equipment           plant   equipment construction                   Total

  Cost
  Beginning of year                                      1,585        16,574        26,978          16,201           2,945         64,283
  Additions                                                   –          213            395            380           1,353              2,341
  Transfers                                                   –          298            424            214            (936)                –
  Disposals                                                   –          (859)          (42)          (185)               –         (1,086)
  Exchange differences                                        –          (124)            5            (39)              (5)             (163)

  End of year                                            1,585        16,102        27,760          16,571           3,357         65,375

  Accumulated depreciation and
    impairment
  Beginning of year                                      1,006        10,507        14,303          10,680                –        36,496
  Charge for the year                                        36          374            365            384                –             1,159
  Disposals                                                   –          (858)          (42)          (184)               –         (1,084)
  Exchange differences                                        –           (83)            1            (23)               –              (105)

  End of year                                            1,042         9,940        14,627          10,857                –        36,466

  Net book value


  End of year                                              543         6,162        13,133           5,714           3,357         28,909

  Beginning of year                                        579         6,067        12,675           5,521           2,945         27,787


  The depreciation charge for the year is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024      153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

16 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

      In HK$ million                                                                                                2023              2024

      Land and buildings                                                                                           1,833              1,768
      Network capacity and equipment                                                                                 241               239

      Total                                                                                                        2,074              2,007


      The Group obtains right to control the use of various land and buildings, and network capacity and equipment for a period of time
      through lease arrangements. Lease arrangements are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
      and conditions including lease payments and lease terms ranging from 1 to 14 years for land and buildings, and from 1 to 15 years for
      network capacity and equipment. Except for lease covenants mainly related to the maintenance and use of the leased assets that are
      commonly found in lease arrangements, there are no other covenants or restrictions imposed by the lease agreements. The leased
      assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

      Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2024 were HK$1,485 million (2023: HK$1,464 million).

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, total cash outflow for leases amounted to HK$1,608 million (2023: HK1,607 million), which
      included cash outflow for short-term lease expenses amounted to HK$116 million (2023: HK$89 million) that were recognised in the
      consolidated income statement.

      The depreciation charge for the year is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.

17 INTERESTS IN LEASEHOLD LAND

      In HK$ million                                                                                                2023              2024

      Cost
      Beginning and end of year                                                                                      802               802

      Accumulated amortisation
      Beginning of year                                                                                              494               511
      Charge for the year                                                                                             17                16

      End of year                                                                                                    511               527

      Net book value


      End of year                                                                                                    291               275

      Beginning of year                                                                                              308               291




154      PCCW Annual Report 2024
18 GOODWILL

  In HK$ million                                                                                         2023                   2024

  Cost
  Beginning of year                                                                                    18,029              18,034
  Exchange differences                                                                                        5                   (13)

  End of year                                                                                          18,034              18,021

  Accumulated impairment
  Beginning and end of year                                                                                 58                    58

  Carrying amount


  End of year                                                                                          17,976              17,963

  Beginning of year                                                                                    17,971              17,976


  Impairment tests for CGUs containing goodwill
  Goodwill was allocated to the Group’s CGUs identified according to operating segments as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                                                         2023                   2024

  HKT
      Mobile                                                                                           15,591              15,591
      Global Business                                                                                      801                   795
      Local telephony and data services                                                                    249                   248
      Pay-TV Business                                                                                      162                   162

                                                                                                       16,803              16,796
  Media Business
      OTT Business                                                                                       1,025                  1,019
  Other Businesses*                                                                                        148                   148

  Total                                                                                                17,976              17,963


  *    Exclude corporate support functions




                                                                                                      PCCW Annual Report 2024      155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

18 GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
      Impairment tests for CGUs containing goodwill (continued)
      The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use calculations. For the year ended 31 December 2024,
      these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management generally covering a 5-year period.

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of Mobile include average revenue growth rate of 1% (2023: 2%), average
      EBITDA growth rate of 2% (2023: 2%), estimated terminal growth rate of 2% (2023: 2%) and pre-tax discount rate of 12% (2023: 14%).

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of Global Business include average revenue growth rate of 2% (2023: 2%),
      average EBITDA growth rate of 19% (2023: 8%) based on past performance and taking into account expectation of future business and
      market developments, estimated terminal growth rate of 3% (2023: 3%) and pre-tax discount rate of 15% (2023: 15%).

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of Local telephony and data services include average revenue growth rate of
      1% (2023: 1%), average EBITDA growth rate of 2% (2023: 1%), estimated terminal growth rate of 1% (2023: 1%) and pre-tax discount
      rate of 10% (2023: 9%).

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of Pay-TV Business include average revenue growth rate of 1% (2023: 1%),
      average EBITDA growth rate of 3% (2023: 5%), estimated terminal growth rate of 1% (2023: 1%) and pre-tax discount rate of 18%
      (2023: 20%).

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of OTT Business include average revenue growth rate of 13% (2023: 18%),
      average EBITDA growth rate of 42% (2023: 37%) based on past performance and taking into account expectation of future business
      and market developments, estimated terminal growth rate of 4% (2023: 4%) and pre-tax discount rate of 19% (2023: 22%) which
      reflected assessment of time value of money and specific risks premium of the business.

      The key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculation of Other Businesses (exclude corporate support functions) include average
      revenue growth rate of 26% (2023: 5%), average EBITDA growth rate of 25% (2023: 11%) based on past performance and taking
      into account expectation of future business and market developments and pre-tax discount rate of 14% (2023: 17%) which reflected
      assessment of time value of money and specific risks premium of the business.

      The average revenue and EBITDA growth rate used are based on the financial budgets approved by management, taking into account
      the market growth rate, past experience, growth target of each CGU, as well as expected efficiency improvements. The terminal growth
      rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the financial budgets period are based on the long-term average growth rates for the
      businesses in which the CGUs operate. The pre-tax discount rate used reflect specific risks relating to the relevant CGU.

      There was no impairment required from the review on goodwill. A reasonably possible change in assumptions would not result in
      impairment and as such disclosure of sensitivity analysis is not considered necessary.




156      PCCW Annual Report 2024
19 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

  In HK$ million                                                       2023
                                              Capitalised
                                              programme      Carrier   Customer
                                 Trademarks        costs    licences       base     Software*           Others             Total

  Cost
  Beginning of year                   2,915        5,550      8,465           351     14,611               43             31,935
  Additions                              –         1,972         50            –       3,165              212              5,399
  Write-off                              –          (819)       (50)           –         (28)               –               (897)
  Exchange differences                   4             –          –            –           –                –                  4

  End of year                         2,919        6,703      8,465           351     17,748              255             36,441

  Accumulated amortisation and
    impairment
  Beginning of year                   2,125        4,015      2,908           230      4,292               24             13,594
  Charge for the year                   71         1,851        625            28        845               36              3,456
  Write-off                              –          (819)       (50)           –         (28)               –               (897)
  Exchange differences                   2             –          –            –           –                –                  2

  End of year                         2,198        5,047      3,483           258      5,109               60             16,155

  Net book value


  End of year                          721         1,656      4,982            93     12,639              195             20,286

  Beginning of year                    790         1,535      5,557           121     10,319               19             18,341




                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024       157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

19 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

      In HK$ million                                                                      2024
                                                                 Capitalised
                                                                 programme      Carrier   Customer
                                                    Trademarks        costs    licences       base    Software*        Others           Total

      Cost
      Beginning of year                                  2,919        6,703      8,465        351       17,748           255          36,441
      Additions                                             –         1,733        506           –       3,148             –            5,387
      Write-off                                             –        (1,320)       (31)          –           (1)           (3)        (1,355)
      Disposals                                             –             –     (1,939)          –           –             –          (1,939)
      Exchange differences                                  1             –          –            1          –             –               2

      End of year                                        2,920        7,116      7,001        352       20,895           252          38,536

      Accumulated amortisation and
          impairment
      Beginning of year                                  2,198        5,047      3,483        258        5,109            60          16,155
      Charge for the year                                  70         1,833        618           29        559            73            3,182
      Write-off                                             –        (1,320)       (31)          –           –             –          (1,351)
      Disposals                                             –             –     (1,376)          –           –             –          (1,376)

      End of year                                        2,268        5,560      2,694        287        5,668           133          16,610

      Net book value


      End of year                                         652         1,556      4,307           65     15,227           119          21,926

      Beginning of year                                   721         1,656      4,982           93     12,639           195          20,286


      *      Included software under development.


      The amortisation charge for the year is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.

      As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, no impairment loss was recognised for the intangible assets. Impairment assessments for
      intangible assets are performed as part of the impairment assessments for the corresponding CGUs. For details of the accounting
      policies and the impairment assessments, please refer to notes 2(n)(ii) and 18.




158        PCCW Annual Report 2024
20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
  a. Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                                                                     Interest held by
                                 Place of                                                                   Amount of                                       non-
                                 incorporation/                                                         issued capital/      the Company             controlling
  Company name                   operations               Principal activities                       registered capital   Directly      Indirectly      interests

  HKT Limited                    Cayman Islands/          Investment holding                       HK$3,789,888.074             –         52.2%           47.8%
                                 Hong Kong                                                         ordinary shares and
                                                                                                   HK$3,789,888.074
                                                                                                    preference shares


  HKT Group Holdings Limited3    Cayman Islands           Investment holding                         US$636,000,032             –         52.2%           47.8%
    (“HKTGH”)


  Hong Kong                      Hong Kong                Provision of telecommunications          HK$9,945,156,001             –         52.2%           47.8%
    Telecommunications                                       services
    (HKT) Limited3 (“HKTL”)


  HKT Services Limited3          Hong Kong                Provision of management services to                   HK$1            –         52.2%           47.8%
                                                             group companies


  Esencia Investments Limited    British Virgin Islands   Investment holding                                     US$2           –          100%                –


  Great Epoch Holdings Limited   British Virgin Islands   Investment holding                                     US$8           –          100%                –


  CSL Mobile Limited3            Hong Kong                Provision of mobile services to its      HK$7,900,280,100             –         52.2%           47.8%
                                                             customers and the sale of mobile      ordinary shares and
                                                             handsets and accessories              HK$1,254,000,000
                                                                                                   non-voting deferred
                                                                                                                shares


  Now TV Limited3                Hong Kong                Provision of pay television programme    HK$8,041,216,269             –         52.2%           47.8%
    (formerly known as                                       services, interactive multimedia         ordinary shares,
    PCCW Media Limited)                                      services, the sale of advertising        HK$1 “A” Class
                                                             in various telephone directories,              share and
                                                             the publishing of those directories      HK$4 “B” Class
                                                             in Hong Kong and the sale of                       shares
                                                             advertising on the Internet


  PCCW Content Limited3          Hong Kong                Distribution of media content                         HK$1            –         52.2%           47.8%


  PCCW OTT (Hong Kong)           Hong Kong                Provision of interactive multimedia                   HK$1            –         62.8%           37.2%
    Limited                                                  services




                                                                                                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024             159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
      a. Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)


                                                                                                                                             Interest held by
                                     Place of                                                                       Amount of                                       non-
                                     incorporation/                                                             issued capital/      the Company             controlling
      Company name                   operations               Principal activities                           registered capital   Directly      Indirectly      interests

      PCCW OTT (Singapore)           Singapore                (a) Provide mobile video on demand            S$84,210,083.67             –         62.8%           37.2%
        Pte. Ltd.                                                 and advertising services through
                                                                  OTT platform; and
                                                              (b) Bringing in international artistes for
                                                                  organising events in Singapore and
                                                                  other countries


      PCCW OTT (Thailand)            Thailand                 (a) Providing content related                  THB718,055,235             –         62.8%           37.2%
        Company Limited                                            services in Thailand through
                                                                   digital platforms including online
                                                                   streaming and downloading for TV
                                                                   shows, movies, music and other
                                                                   types of contents to users; and
                                                              (b) Providing lease of space in Thailand
                                                                   on digital platforms including
                                                                   websites, mobile applications and
                                                                   other Internet-based platforms to
                                                                   customers


      PCCW OTT (Philippines), Inc.   Philippines              To own and develop an online and                PHP10,000,000              –          62.8%          37.2%
                                                                  mobile application platform; provide
                                                                  information technology-enabled
                                                                  services, information technology-
                                                                  related services, value added
                                                                  services, customer care, and other
                                                                  customer related services, and
                                                                  provide such other support services
                                                                  as may be necessary or incidental
                                                                  to the accomplishment of the above
                                                                  purposes of the corporation


      HK Television Entertainment    Hong Kong                Provision of broadcasting and related          HK$50 “A” Class             –          100%                –
        Company Limited4                                          services                                 shares (non-voting),
        (“HKTVE”)                                                                                           HK$100 “B” Class
                                                                                                           shares (voting) and
                                                                                                             HK$50 “C” Class
                                                                                                           shares (non-voting)


      MakerVille Company Limited     Hong Kong                Content production, talent                                 HK$1            –          100%                –
                                                                  management and entertainment
                                                                  business




160       PCCW Annual Report 2024
20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
  a. Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)


                                                                                                                                             Interest held by
                                   Place of                                                                         Amount of                                       non-
                                   incorporation/                                                               issued capital/      the Company             controlling
  Company name                     operations                   Principal activities                         registered capital   Directly      Indirectly      interests

  PC Music Holdings Limited        British Virgin Islands       Investment holding                                     US$11             –          100%                –

  Vuclip, Inc.                     California, U.S.             Management and engineering support                       US$1            –          62.8%          37.2%
                                                                  services

  HKT Teleservices International   Hong Kong                    Provision of customer relationship          HK$350,000,002               –          52.2%          47.8%
    Limited3                                                       management and customer contact
                                                                   management solutions and services

  北京訊通通信服務有限公司2, 3                 The PRC                      Provision of telecommunications              RMB10,000,000               –          26.1%          73.9%
   (Beijing Xun Tong HKT                                           services, internet information
   Communications Services                                         services and computer system
   (China) Limited*)                                               services

  廣州電盈綜合客戶服務技術                     The PRC                      Customer service and consultancy             HK$93,240,000               –          52.2%          47.8%
   發展有限公司1, 3
   (PCCW Customer
   Management Technology
   and Services (Guangzhou)
   Limited*)

  PCCW (Macau), Limitada2, 3       Macau                        Selling customer premises equipment           MOP2,000,000               –          39.2%          60.8%
                                                                   and related solutions, conducting
                                                                   systems integration projects and
                                                                   providing outsourced contact centre
                                                                   services

  PCCW Global B.V.3                Netherlands/France           Sales, distribution and marketing of              EUR18,000              –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                   telecommunications services and
                                                                   products

  PCCW Global Limited3             Hong Kong/Dubai Media City   Provision of network-based                HK$240,016,690.65              –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                   telecommunications services

  PCCW Global ServCo SG Pte.       Singapore                    Telecommunications resellers/third                        S$1            –          52.2%          47.8%
    Ltd.3                                                          party telecommunications providers

  PCCW Global, Inc.3               Delaware, U.S.               Provision of voice and network-based                US$18.01             –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                   telecommunications services, and
                                                                   technical consulting and engineering
                                                                   services

  HKT Network (HK) Limited3        Hong Kong                    Transmission and telecommunications                     HK$1             –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                   business




                                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024             161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
      a. Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)


                                                                                                                                                  Interest held by
                                      Place of                                                                           Amount of                                       non-
                                      incorporation/                                                                 issued capital/      the Company             controlling
      Company name                    operations                     Principal activities                         registered capital   Directly      Indirectly      interests

      PCCW Global (UK) Limited3       United Kingdom                 Provision of transmission and                    GBP152,100              –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                        telecommunications services


      HKT Global (HK) Limited3        Hong Kong                      Transmission and telecommunications                     HK$1             –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                        business


      PCCW Global TechCo UK           United Kingdom                 Provision of transmission and                           GBP1             –          52.2%          47.8%
          Pte. Ltd.3                                                    telecommunications and related
                                                                        services


      Console Connect TechCo SG       Singapore                      Support service on transmission and                       S$1            –          52.2%          47.8%
          Pte. Ltd.3                                                    telecommunications business


      Console Connect (HK) Limited3 Hong Kong                        Telecommunications and technology                       HK$1             –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                        business


      HKT Global (Singapore) Pte.     Singapore/Malaysia             Provision of telecommunications             S$260,960,522.64             –          52.2%          47.8%
          Ltd.3
                                                                        solutions related services


      Sun Mobile Limited2, 3          Hong Kong                      Provision of mobile telecommunications        HK$41,600,002              –          31.3%          68.7%
                                                                        services to customers in Hong Kong


      Club HKT Limited3               Hong Kong                      Operating customer loyalty programme                    HK$1             –          52.2%          47.8%
                                                                        and online merchandise sales in
                                                                        Hong Kong


      Fiber Link Global Limited2, 3   Hong Kong                      Provision of passive network               HK$3,183,805,983              –          31.3%          68.7%
                                                                        connectivity services


      PCCW Solutions Limited          Hong Kong                      Provision of computer services and       HK$5,746,470,779.77             –            80%            20%
                                                                        IP/IT related value-added services
                                                                        to business customers


      *     Unofficial company name


      Certain subsidiaries which do not materially affect the results or financial position of the Group are not included in the above.

      Notes:
      1 Represents a wholly-foreign owned enterprise.
      2 These companies are consolidated by the Group as the Group owns more than one half of the shareholders’ voting rights and/or more than one half of the
          voting rights in the board of directors of these companies.
      3 These companies are subsidiaries of HKT Trust and HKT, the Share Stapled Units of which are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange, which prepares
          its consolidated financial statements for HKT Trust, HKT and its subsidiaries (collectively the “HKT Group”) in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards.
      4 Pursuant to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), HKTVE is treated by PCCW as a subsidiary as defined therein.


162        PCCW Annual Report 2024
20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
  b. Summarised financial information of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
  Set out below is the summarised consolidated financial information of the (i) HKT Group, and (ii) PCCW Network Services Limited
  (“PNSL”) and its subsidiaries (the “PNSL Group”), which are subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests that are material to the
  Group.

  Summarised statements of financial position are as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                              HKT Group                            PNSL Group
                                                                            2023               2024               2023                  2024

  Non-current assets                                                     102,675            105,928              2,245                  2,964
  Current assets                                                            9,443            10,885              1,565                   716

  Total assets                                                           112,118            116,813              3,810                  3,680


  Current liabilities                                                     (20,129)          (25,821)              (618)                  (420)
  Non-current liabilities                                                 (56,607)          (51,347)                 (1)                   –

  Net assets                                                              35,382             39,645              3,191                  3,260
  Non-controlling interests                                                   (70)            (1,363)                 –                    –

  Net assets after non-controlling interests                              35,312             38,282              3,191                  3,260


  Summarised financial information is as follows:


  In HK$ million                                                              HKT Group                            PNSL Group
                                                                            2023               2024               2023                  2024

  Revenue                                                                 34,330             34,753                767                   803

  Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                           5,508             6,015                 66                     (6)
  Income tax                                                                 (496)              (914)              138                    85

  Profit for the year                                                       5,012             5,101                204                    79
  Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                          (360)              471                  (3)                  (10)

  Total comprehensive income                                                4,652             5,572                201                    69
  Non-controlling interests                                                   (21)               (31)                 –                    –

  Total comprehensive income after non-controlling interests                4,631             5,541                201                    69

  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                               2,728             2,796                   –                    –




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024      163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

20 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
      b. Summarised financial information of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests (continued)
      Summarised cash flows are as follows:


      In HK$ million                                                           HKT Group                          PNSL Group
                                                                             2023              2024              2023              2024

      Cash flows from operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                       11,527            12,120               841               669
      Interest received                                                         41                48                –                 –
      Income tax paid, net of tax refund                                      (307)             (257)               –                 –

      Net cash generated from operating activities                         11,261            11,911               841               669


      Net cash used in investing activities                                 (5,214)           (5,794)            (842)             (653)


      Net cash used in financing activities                                 (6,406)           (5,890)               –                 –

      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (359)             227                 (1)              16
      Exchange differences                                                      (8)               (7)               (3)             (10)
      Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                              1,997            1,630                13                 9

      Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                            1,630            1,850                  9               15


      The information above represents amounts before inter-company eliminations and group consolidation adjustments.

      The total comprehensive income after group consolidation adjustments of the HKT Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
      HK$5,479 million (2023: HK$4,609 million), of which HK$2,629 million (2023: HK$2,213 million) was allocated to the non-controlling
      interests.

      The total comprehensive income after group consolidation adjustments of the PNSL Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
      HK$69 million (2023: HK$201 million), of which HK$14 million (2023: HK$40 million) was allocated to the non-controlling interests.

      The net assets after non-controlling interests and group consolidation adjustments of the HKT Group as at 31 December 2024 was
      HK$3,208 million (2023: HK$291 million) and PNSL Group as at 31 December 2024 was HK$3,257 million (2023: HK$3,191 million).
      The non-controlling interests of the Group included HK$2,894 million (2023: HK$208 million) and HK$652 million
      (2023: HK$638 million) attributable to the HKT Group and PNSL Group respectively.




164      PCCW Annual Report 2024
21 INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

  In HK$ million                                                                                                                      2023                  2024

  Share of net assets of associates                                                                                                   2,383                 1,984
  Loan due from an associate                                                                                                              7                     7

                                                                                                                                      2,390                 1,991
  Provision for impairment                                                                                                             (109)                 (105)

                                                                                                                                      2,281                 1,886


  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made no additional investments in an associate engaged in business in the
  provision of virtual banking services (2023: HK$303 million).

  As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the Group hold its 23% interests in 石化盈科信息技術有限責任公司 (Petro-CyberWorks
  Information Technology Company Limited*) via a venture capital organisation and classified such interests as financial assets at FVPL
  (see note 24).

  As at 31 December 2024, loan due from an associate of HK$7 million (2023: HK$7 million), is secured, bears interest at 8% per annum
  (2023: same) and is repayable within 1 year (2023: same). The loan is considered as part of the net investment in this associate for
  which full provision for impairment has been made as at 31 December 2023 and 2024.

  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s interest in an associate engaged in business in the provision of virtual banking
  services decreased from 25% to approximately 22.41% as a result of the dilution impact of issuing new shares of the associate and
  recognised a gain on deemed disposal of interest in an associate of HK$86 million in other gains, net in the consolidated income
  statement.

  During the year ended 31 December 2024, no provision for impairment was recognised for interests in associates in the consolidated
  income statement (2023: nil).

  *   Unofficial company name


  a. Particulars of the principal associates of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                           Principal place                                                                                     Interest held by
                           of business/                                                                        Amount of        the Company
                           place of                                                                        issued capital/                             Measurement
  Company name             incorporation                Principal activities                            registered capital   Directly     Indirectly        method

  Pacific Century Premium Hong Kong/Bermuda             Development and management of               HK$1,019,118,371.60               –       30.1%          Equity
    Developments Limited                                  premium-grade property and
                                                          infrastructure projects and premium-
                                                          grade property investments

  Lenovo PCCW Solutions    Hong Kong/British Virgin     Investment holding in companies engaged                   US$25               –     #
                                                                                                                                              20.0%          Equity
    Limited (“LPSL”)         Islands                       in provision of information technology
                                                           services, including but not limited
                                                           to digital and managed services,
                                                           technology services and business
                                                           process outsourcing


  #
      The Group held 16.0% effective interest through its non-wholly owned subsidiary in the equity of LPSL as at 31 December 2024.



                                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024         165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

21 INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
      a. Particulars of the principal associates of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are as follows: (continued)
      PCPD’s shares are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the Group’s interests in
      PCPD amounted to HK$120 million (2023: HK$150 million) based on the closing price of PCPD’s shares quoted at the Stock Exchange.

      LPSL is a private company and there is no quoted market price available for its shares.

      b. Contingent liabilities in respect of associates
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had given a partial guarantee to a bank in respect of a credit facility granted to an associate of
      the Group amounting to HK$780 million (2023: HK$780 million), of which HK$780 million (2023: HK$470 million) had been utilised
      by the associate. The Group’s share of guarantee for the utilised amount was approximately HK$235 million (2023: HK$141 million)
      determined based on the percentage of interest held by the Group in the associate.

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s effective share of the contingent liabilities of associates relating to performance guarantees was
      HK$23 million (2023: HK$20 million).

      c. Summarised unaudited financial information of the Group’s associates
      As at 31 December 2024, non-current assets, current assets, current liabilities and non-current liabilities of one material associate to
      the Group amounted to HK$1,965 million (2023: HK$1,417 million), HK$2,498 million (2023: HK$2,040 million), HK$2,397 million
      (2023: HK$1,163 million) and HK$286 million (2023: HK$392 million) respectively.

      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the revenue, loss after income tax, other comprehensive loss and total comprehensive loss
      of one material associate to the Group were HK$3,812 million (2023: HK$3,728 million), HK$33 million (2023: profit after income
      tax HK$327 million), HK$55 million (2023: HK$10 million) and HK$88 million (2023: total comprehensive income HK$317 million)
      respectively.

      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the aggregate net amounts of the Group’s share of loss after income tax, other comprehensive
      loss and total comprehensive loss of the individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method were
      HK$336 million (2023: HK$301 million), HK$124 million (2023: HK$21 million) and HK$460 million (2023: HK$322 million),
      respectively.

      d. Reconciliation of summarised unaudited financial information of the Group’s associates
      As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of one material associate to the Group represented 20% equity interest in the net assets
      and fair value adjustment and goodwill, totalling HK$1,140 million (2023: HK$1,158 million).

      As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of interests in individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using
      the equity method was HK$746 million (2023: HK$1,123 million).

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any unrecognised share of losses of associates (2023: nil). As at
      31 December 2024, there was no accumulated share of losses of the associates unrecognised by the Group (2023: nil).




166      PCCW Annual Report 2024
22 INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                   2024

  Share of net assets of joint ventures                                                                          2,911                  2,925
  Loans due from joint ventures                                                                                    156                   476

                                                                                                                 3,067                  3,401
  Provision for impairment                                                                                      (2,766)             (2,766)

                                                                                                                   301                   635


  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made an investment in a joint venture engaged in business in the provision of the
  electronic vehicle charging solutions of HK$26 million. (2023: HK$30 million)

  As at 31 December 2024, the loan due from a joint venture of HK$164 million (2023: HK$156 million) bears interest at HIBOR plus
  3% per annum (2023: same). The loan is unsecured and has no fixed repayment terms. During the year ended 31 December 2024,
  the Group has recovered a loan due from a joint venture of HK$312 million. The resulting gain net of direct related cost was recorded in
  other gains, net in the consolidated income statement. The loan is non-interest bearing and not repayable within 1 year. The amounts
  are considered as part of the interests in joint ventures.

  a. As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the Group considered that there were no principal joint ventures.

  b. Commitments and contingent liabilities in respect of joint ventures
  As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s commitments in respect of joint ventures are as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023                   2024

  The Group’s commitments to provide funding                                                                        45                     –

  The Group’s share of its joint ventures’ capital commitments authorised and contracted for
    acquisition of property, plant and equipment, based on the Group’s effective interest                           13                    13

  The Group’s share of its joint ventures’ other commitments, based on
    the Group’s effective interest                                                                                    9                    4


  There were no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the joint ventures. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no
  effective share of contingent liabilities of the joint ventures (2023: nil).

  c. Summarised unaudited financial information of the Group’s joint ventures
  For the year ended 31 December 2024, the aggregate net amounts of the Group’s share of loss after income tax, other comprehensive
  loss and total comprehensive loss of the individually immaterial joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method were
  HK$12 million (2023: HK$16 million), nil (2023: HK$1 million) and HK$12 million (2023: HK$17 million), respectively.

  d. Reconciliation of summarised unaudited financial information of the Group’s joint ventures
  As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of interests in individually immaterial joint ventures that are accounted for
  using the equity method was HK$635 million (2023: HK$301 million).

  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any unrecognised share of losses of joint ventures (2023: nil). As at
  31 December 2024, the Group had no unrecognised accumulated share of losses of the joint ventures (2023: HK$1 million).




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024      167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

23 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      In HK$ million                                                                                               2023                 2024

      Beginning of year                                                                                             701                 219
      Additions                                                                                                     299                 280
      Disposal                                                                                                     (566)                  –
      Fair value (losses)/gains recognised in financial assets at FVOCI reserve                                    (215)                382

      End of year                                                                                                   219                 881

      Non-current assets
      Listed securities                                                                                              89                 823
      Unlisted securities                                                                                           130                  58

                                                                                                                    219                 881


      As at 31 December 2024, financial assets at FVOCI comprised equity investments which are held for strategic purposes (2023: same).

24 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      In HK$ million                                                                                               2023                 2024

      Beginning of year                                                                                           2,804             3,050
      Additions                                                                                                     552                  27
      Disposals                                                                                                    (475)                 (30)
      Fair value gains recognised in other gains, net                                                               169                 264

      End of year                                                                                                 3,050             3,311

      Non-current assets
      Listed securities                                                                                              21                 220
      Unlisted securities                                                                                         3,029             3,091

                                                                                                                  3,050             3,311


      Financial assets at FVPL mainly comprise:

      –   debt instruments that do not qualify for measurement either at amortised cost or at FVOCI;

      –   equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other comprehensive
          income; and

      –   investments in associates which the Group was exempted from applying the equity method to this investment and it was measured
          as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.




168       PCCW Annual Report 2024
25 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

  In HK$ million                                                                                          2023                   2024

  Beginning of year                                                                                       1,596                  1,369
  Additions                                                                                                  60                      2
  Disposals                                                                                                (289)                  (560)
  Exchange differences                                                                                         2                    (6)

  End of year                                                                                             1,369                   805

  Non-current assets
  Listed securities                                                                                       1,369                   805


  Other financial assets mainly comprise debt instruments, are carried at amortised cost.

26 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

  In HK$ million                                                                                          2023                   2024

  Prepayments                                                                                               472                   879
  Deposits                                                                                                  125                    98
  Others                                                                                                     18                    18

                                                                                                            615                   995


27 CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
  a. Restricted cash
  As at 31 December 2024, restricted cash included a cash balance of HK$205 million (2023: HK$211 million) which has been mainly
  received from and restricted for the use of certain customers.

  b. Prepayments, deposits and other current assets

  In HK$ million                                                                                          2023                   2024

  Prepayments                                                                                             1,026                  1,403
  Deposits                                                                                                  427                   434
  Other current assets                                                                                    2,567                  2,866

                                                                                                          4,020                  4,703




                                                                                                       PCCW Annual Report 2024      169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

27 CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
      c. Inventories


      In HK$ million                                                                                                   2023               2024

      Purchased parts and materials                                                                                   1,224              1,675
      Finished goods                                                                                                     354               400
      Consumable inventories                                                                                              30                 47

                                                                                                                      1,608              2,122


      d. Trade receivables, net

      In HK$ million                                                                                                   2023               2024

      Trade receivables (note i)                                                                                      4,467              4,039
      Less: loss allowance (note ii)                                                                                    (332)              (362)

      Trade receivables, net                                                                                          4,135              3,677


      The balance represents amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. They are
      generally due for settlement within 30 days from the date of invoice and therefore are all classified as current. Details about the Group’s
      impairment policies are provided in note 2(n)(i).

      As at 31 December 2024, included in trade receivables, net were amounts due from related parties of HK$152 million
      (2023: HK$112 million).

      i.   The ageing of trade receivables based on the date of invoice is set out below:

      In HK$ million                                                                                                   2023               2024

      1 – 30 days                                                                                                     2,525              2,315
      31 – 60 days                                                                                                       652               482
      61 – 90 days                                                                                                       231               196
      91 – 120 days                                                                                                      191               192
      Over 120 days                                                                                                      868               854

                                                                                                                      4,467              4,039




170        PCCW Annual Report 2024
27 CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
  d. Trade receivables, net (continued)
  ii. Impairment for trade receivables
  The Group applies the HKFRS 9 (2014) simplified approach to measure loss allowance for expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
  expected loss allowance for trade receivables.

  To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past
  due. The expected loss rates are estimated based on the corresponding historical credit losses experienced, adjusted with the expected
  change between current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors, if material. On that basis, the loss allowance as at
  31 December 2024 was determined as follows:

  Expected credit loss rate                                                                                    2023                  2024

  Current                                                                                                        2%                    2%
  1 – 120 days past due                                                                                          5%                    5%
  Over 120 days past due                                                                                        34%                   43%


  The movements in the loss allowance during the year were as follows:


  In HK$ million                                                                                               2023                  2024

  Beginning of year                                                                                             288                   332
  Net impairment loss recognised                                                                                245                   274
  Uncollectible amounts written off                                                                            (201)                  (244)

  End of year                                                                                                   332                   362


  e. Short-term borrowings


  In HK$ million                                                                                               2023                  2024

  US$500 million 3.625% guaranteed notes due 2025 (note i)                                                         –                 3,881
  Bank borrowings (note ii)                                                                                   1,049                    53

                                                                                                              1,049                  3,934

  Secured                                                                                                          –                    –

  Unsecured                                                                                                   1,049                  3,934


  i. US$500 million 3.625% guaranteed notes due 2025
  On 2 April 2015, HKT Capital No. 2 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$500 million 3.625%
  guaranteed notes due 2025, which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The notes are irrevocably and
  unconditionally guaranteed by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
  obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  ii. Refer to note 42 for details of the Group’s banking facilities.




                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024      171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

27 CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
      f. Trade payables
      The ageing of trade payables based on the date of invoice is set out below:

      In HK$ million                                                                                            2023             2024

      1 – 30 days                                                                                              3,201             2,985
      31 – 60 days                                                                                             1,207             1,751
      61 – 90 days                                                                                               861              915
      91 – 120 days                                                                                              375             1,011
      Over 120 days                                                                                              653              908

                                                                                                               6,297             7,570


      As at 31 December 2024, included in trade payables were amounts due to related parties of HK$264 million (2023: HK$197 million).

28 LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

      In HK$ million                                                                                            2023             2024

      Repayable within a period
      – over one year, but not exceeding two years                                                             9,389           12,401
      – over two years, but not exceeding five years                                                          29,647           27,494
      – over five years                                                                                       11,961             8,090

                                                                                                              50,997           47,985

      Representing:
      US$300 million zero coupon guaranteed notes due 2030 (note a)                                            2,335             2,322
      US$500 million 3.625% guaranteed notes due 2025 (note b)                                                 3,895                 –
      EUR200 million 1.65% guaranteed notes due 2027 (note c)                                                  1,718             1,612
      US$100 million zero coupon guaranteed notes due 2030 (note d)                                              778              774
      US$750 million 3.00% guaranteed notes due 2026 (note e)                                                  5,845             5,817
      US$500 million 3.25% guaranteed notes due 2029 (note f)                                                  3,832             3,822
      US$650 million 3.00% guaranteed notes due 2032 (note g)                                                  5,016             4,994
      Bank borrowings (note h)                                                                                27,578           28,644

                                                                                                              50,997           47,985

      Secured                                                                                                      –                 –

      Unsecured                                                                                               50,997           47,985




172      PCCW Annual Report 2024
28 LONG-TERM BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  a. US$300 million zero coupon guaranteed notes due 2030
  On 15 January 2015, HKT Capital No. 1 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$300 million zero
  coupon guaranteed notes due 2030, which are listed on the Taipei Exchange. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed
  by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  b. US$500 million 3.625% guaranteed notes due 2025
  The notes were classified as short-term borrowings during the year ended 31 December 2024. Please refer to note 27(e)(i) for more
  details.

  c. EUR200 million 1.65% guaranteed notes due 2027
  On 10 April 2015, HKT Capital No. 3 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued EUR200 million 1.65%
  guaranteed notes due 2027, which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The notes are irrevocably and
  unconditionally guaranteed by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
  obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  d. US$100 million zero coupon guaranteed notes due 2030
  On 20 May 2015, PCCW Capital No. 5 Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$100 million zero coupon
  guaranteed notes due 2030, which are listed on the Taipei Exchange. The notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the
  Company and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

  e. US$750 million 3.00% guaranteed notes due 2026
  On 14 July 2016, HKT Capital No. 4 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$750 million 3.00%
  guaranteed notes due 2026, which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The notes are irrevocably and
  unconditionally guaranteed by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
  obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  f. US$500 million 3.25% guaranteed notes due 2029
  On 30 September 2019, HKT Capital No. 5 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$500 million
  3.25% guaranteed notes due 2029, which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The notes are irrevocably
  and unconditionally guaranteed by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
  obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  g. US$650 million 3.00% guaranteed notes due 2032
  On 18 January 2022, HKT Capital No. 6 Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$650 million
  3.00% guaranteed notes due 2032, which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. The notes are irrevocably
  and unconditionally guaranteed by HKTGH and HKTL and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated
  obligations of HKTGH and HKTL.

  h. Refer to note 42 for details of the Group’s banking facilities.




                                                                                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024     173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      In HK$ million                                                                                                2023              2024

      Non-current assets
          Cross currency swap contracts – cash flow hedges for foreign currency risk (note a)                           –               11
          Interest rate swap contracts – cash flow hedges for interest rate risk (note b)                             29                82

                                                                                                                      29                93

      Current liabilities
          Cross currency swap contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts
            – cash flow hedges for foreign currency risk (note a)                                                       –               (41)
          Interest rate swap contract – cash flow hedge for interest rate risk (note b)                             (151)                –
          Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                            –                (4)

                                                                                                                    (151)               (45)

      Non-current liabilities
          Cross currency swap contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts
            – cash flow hedges for foreign currency risk (note a)                                                   (602)             (720)
          Interest rate swap contract – cash flow hedge for interest rate risk (note b)                                 –               (49)
          Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                          (33)              (29)

                                                                                                                    (635)             (798)


      Derivatives are mainly used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. However, where derivatives do not
      meet the hedge accounting criteria, they are accounted for at FVPL.

      Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedging relationship and through periodic prospective effectiveness
      assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.

      Hedge ineffectiveness for the Group’s cross currency swap, foreign exchange forward and interest rate swap contracts may occur due
      to:

      –    differences in critical terms between the hedged item and the hedging instrument; and

      –    changes in credit risk of the derivative counterparty.




174        PCCW Annual Report 2024
29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  a. Cash flow hedges for foreign currency risk
  For certain borrowings denominated in foreign currencies, the Group has entered into cross currency swap contracts and foreign
  exchange forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency risk. The Group performed qualitative assessment of hedge effectiveness.
  As the cross currency swap contracts and the foreign exchange forward contracts have similar critical terms as the hedged items, such
  as notional amounts, maturity dates and payment dates, the economic relationship exists between the hedged items and the hedging
  instruments.

  The effects of the foreign currency related hedging instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period on the Group’s financial
  position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                                           2023                              2024

  Net carrying amount (liabilities)                                                                           (HK$602 million)                (HK$750 million)
  Notional amount                                                                                         EUR200 million and              EUR200 million and
                                                                                                             US$2,870 million                US$2,870 million
  Maturity date                                                                                                January 2025 to                January 2025 to
                                                                                                                  January 2032                   January 2032
  Hedge ratio                                                                                                                    1:1*                          1:1*
  Change# in fair value of the hedging instruments during the year                                            (HK$324 million)                (HK$245 million)
  Change# in value of the hedged items during the year                                                         HK$225 million                  HK$138 million
  Weighted average hedged exchange rate for the year                                                           EUR1:HK$8.32                    EUR1:HK$8.32
                                                                                                                US$1:HK$7.80                   US$1:HK$7.80


  *   The hedge ratio is 1:1 as the notional amount and timing of the hedging instruments match with that of the hedged items.
  #
      Positive change refers to increase in net assets, whereas negative change refers to decrease in net assets.


  b. Cash flow hedges for interest rate risk
  For certain borrowings subject to cash flow interest rate risk, the Group has entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swap contracts.
  The Group performed qualitative assessment of hedge effectiveness. As the interest rate swap contracts have similar critical terms as
  the hedged items, such as notional amounts, maturity dates and payment dates, the economic relationship exists between the hedged
  items and the hedging instruments.

  The effects of the interest rate related hedging instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period on the Group’s financial
  position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                                            2023                             2024

  Net carrying amount ((liabilities)/assets)                                                                  (HK$122 million)                  HK$33 million
  Notional amount                                                                                            HK$2,600 million                HK$7,700 million
  Maturity date                                                                                                 March 2024 to                February 2026 to
                                                                                                                      July 2025                    March 2027
  Hedge ratio                                                                                                                    1:1*                          1:1*
  Change in fair value of the hedging instruments during the year
          #
                                                                                                                 HK$45 million                  HK$15 million
  Change# in value of the hedged items during the year                                                          (HK$26 million)                   HK$9 million
  Weighted average receive leg/pay leg interest ratio                                                                        1.16                             1.28


  *   The hedge ratio is 1:1 as the notional amount and timing of the hedging instruments match with that of the hedged items.
  #
      Positive change refers to increase in net assets, whereas negative change refers to decrease in net assets.




                                                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024      175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      c. Hedging reserve and costs of hedging reserve
      The Group’s hedging reserve and costs of hedging reserve relate to the following hedging instruments:



      In HK$ million                                                   Cash flow hedges for    Cash flow hedges for
                                                                       foreign currency risk       interest rate risk                  Total

      Hedging reserve
      As at 1 January 2023                                                             147                         8                    155
      Cash flow hedges:
      – effective portion of changes in fair value                                     (107)                      13                     (94)
      – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                           (83)                       –                     (83)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                         (43)                     21                      (22)
      Cash flow hedges:
      – effective portion of changes in fair value                                      (73)                     (20)                    (93)
      – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                          103                         –                    103

      As at 31 December 2024                                                            (13)                       1                     (12)


      In HK$ million                                                                                                    Cash flow hedges for
                                                                                                                        foreign currency risk

      Costs of hedging reserve
      As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                               (60)
      Cash flow hedges:
      – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                                                                              6
      Costs of hedging                                                                                                                   (21)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                                          (75)
      Cash flow hedges:
      – transfer from equity to consolidated income statement                                                                              6
      Costs of hedging                                                                                                                    63

      As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                              (6)




176      PCCW Annual Report 2024
30 SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2023                                     2024
                                                                  Number of                                Number of
                                                                PCCW Shares         Share capital      PCCW Shares           Share capital
                                                                                      HK$ million                             HK$ million

  Ordinary shares of no par value, issued and fully paid:
    As at 1 January                                            7,739,638,249              12,954      7,739,638,249                12,954
    PCCW Shares issued (note a)                                             –                   –          1,425,125                    –

  As at 31 December                                            7,739,638,249              12,954      7,741,063,374                12,954


  a. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company issued and allotted 1,425,125 new fully paid PCCW Shares for an
  aggregate consideration of HK$14,251.25 (HK$0.01 per PCCW Share) under share award schemes.

31 PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
  On 12 January 2021, CAS Capital No. 1 Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued US$750 million perpetual
  subordinated guaranteed securities. The securities are non-callable in the first 5.5 years and entitle its holders distributions at a
  distribution rate of 4.00% per annum with reset every 5 years from year 5.5 and fixed step-up margins at year 10.5 and year 25.5.
  CAS Capital No. 1 Limited has the right to redeem the securities from holders and defer the payment of distributions under certain
  circumstances in accordance with the terms and conditions of the securities. The securities are listed on the Singapore Exchange
  Securities Trading Limited and are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by CAS Holding No. 1 Limited, a direct wholly-owned
  subsidiary of the Company.

  The perpetual capital securities are classified as equity.

32 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS
  a. Defined benefit retirement schemes
  The Group operates defined benefit retirement schemes (“DB Schemes”) that provide monthly pension payments for employees
  retired on or before 1 July 2003. The DB Schemes are final salary defined benefit schemes. The scheme assets are administered by an
  independent trustee and maintained independently of the Group’s finances.

  The DB Schemes are funded by contributions from the Group and employees in accordance with qualified independent actuaries’
  recommendations from time to time on the basis of periodic valuations.

  According to the funding valuation as at 31 December 2023, the expected employer contributions for the year ending
  31 December 2025 are HK$19 million.

  The independent actuarial valuation of the DB Schemes as at 31 December 2024, prepared in accordance with HKAS 19 (2011),
  was carried out by Ms Wing Lui of Willis Towers Watson, a fellow of the Society of Actuaries of the United States of America, using the
  projected unit credit method. The actuary was of the opinion that the fair value of the scheme assets was sufficient to cover 76%
  (2023: 64%) of the present value of the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations as at 31 December 2024.

  As at 31 December 2024, the weighted average duration of the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations was 9.7 years
  (2023: 10.4 years).




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024   177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

32 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
      a. Defined benefit retirement schemes (continued)
      i. The amount recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:


      In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023               2024

      Present value of the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations (note iii)                                   263               243
      Fair value of scheme assets (note iv)                                                                           (168)             (185)

      Defined benefit retirement schemes liability                                                                      95                 58


      In HK$ million                                                                                                 2023               2024

      Beginning of year                                                                                                 69                 95
      Net costs recognised in consolidated income statement                                                              2                  3
      Remeasurements recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                       44                (21)
      Contributions from employers                                                                                     (20)               (19)

      End of year                                                                                                       95                 58


      ii. Major categories of scheme assets as a percentage of total scheme assets are as follows:


                                                                                                                     2023               2024

      Equities                                                                                                        71%                73%
      Fixed income securities                                                                                         23%                24%
      Cash and alternatives                                                                                            6%                 3%

      Total                                                                                                          100%              100%


      The Group ensures that the investment positions are managed within an asset-liability matching framework with the objective to match
      assets to the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations (i.e. to match the benefit payments as they fall due and in the appropriate
      currency). The Group has not changed the process used to manage its risk from previous periods.




178      PCCW Annual Report 2024
32 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
  a. Defined benefit retirement schemes (continued)
  ii. Major categories of scheme assets as a percentage of total scheme assets are as follows: (continued)
  Through the DB Schemes, the Group is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are detailed below:

  –    Investment risk: strong investment returns tend to increase the fair value of scheme assets and therefore improve the scheme’s
       financial position as measured by the net defined benefit retirement schemes liability/asset, whilst poor or negative investment
       returns tend to weaken the financial position.

       The scheme assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equities, fixed income securities, cash and alternatives, covering
       major geographical locations around the world. The diversification of asset classes and geographical locations helps to reduce the
       concentration of risk associated with the scheme investments.

  –    Interest rate risk: the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations are calculated using a discount rate based on market bond
       yields. A decrease in the bond yields will increase the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations and vice versa.

  –    Inflation risk: pension in payment or in deferment may be increased once a year to reflect all or part of the cost-of-living increases in
       Hong Kong. The higher-than-expected increases in pensions will increase the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations and
       vice versa.

  –    Longevity risk: the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations are calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality
       of members after their employment. A decrease in mortality (i.e. improvement in life expectancy) will increase the defined benefit
       retirement schemes obligations and vice versa.

  iii. Movements in the present value of the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations are as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                                                                      2023                  2024

  Beginning of year                                                                                                    225                  263
  Interest cost                                                                                                           8                   9
  Remeasurements
      Experience losses                                                                                                   4                   1
      Loss/(Gain) from change in financial and/or demographic assumptions                                               43                   (13)
  Benefits paid                                                                                                         (17)                 (17)

  End of year                                                                                                          263                  243


  iv. Movements in the fair value of scheme assets are as follows:


  In HK$ million                                                                                                      2023                  2024

  Beginning of year                                                                                                    156                  168
  Contribution from employers                                                                                           20                   19
  Interest income on scheme assets                                                                                        6                   6
  Return on scheme assets greater than discount rate                                                                      3                   9
  Benefits paid                                                                                                         (17)                 (17)

  End of year                                                                                                          168                  185




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024     179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

32 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
      a. Defined benefit retirement schemes (continued)
      v. Pension cost for defined benefit retirement schemes recognised in the consolidated income statement is as follows:


      In HK$ million                                                                                                                   2023                 2024

      Net interest cost on net defined benefit retirement schemes liability                                                                 2                      3

      Total included in general and administrative expenses – staff costs                                                                   2                      3


      vi. The significant actuarial assumptions used (expressed as weighted averages) are as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2023                 2024

      Discount rate                                                                                                                  3.40%                 3.80%
      Pension increase rate                                                                                                          3.00%                 3.00%


      Based on the Hong Kong Life Tables released by the government of Hong Kong and upon observing the past experience of the
      DB Schemes, the Group adopted the Hong Kong Life Tables 2021 for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Hong Kong Life
      Tables 2023 for the year ended 31 December 2024.

      The sensitivity of the defined benefit retirement schemes obligations to changes in the weighted principal assumptions are:

                                                                                   Impact on defined benefit retirement schemes obligations
                                                                                           2023                                           2024
                                                          Change in         Increase in            Decrease in             Increase in            Decrease in
                                                        assumption         assumption               assumption             assumption             assumption

      Discount rate                                           0.25%             (2.55%)                  2.67%                 (2.40%)                  2.51%
      Pension increase rate                                   0.25%              2.56%                       n/a*               2.41%                       n/a*
      Mortality                                                1 year           (4.46%)**                4.50%**               (4.49%)**                4.59%**


      *    Certain pension payments of the DB Schemes are subject to a minimum pension increase rate of 3.00% per annum taking into account inflation and other
           market factors.

      **   Increase in assumption means the Hong Kong Life Tables with a 1-year age set forward, whereas decrease in assumption means the Hong Kong Life Tables with
           a 1-year age set backward. The Hong Kong Life Tables 2021 are used for 2023 obligation and the Hong Kong Life Tables 2023 are used for 2024 obligation.


      The above sensitivity analysis are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this
      is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
      retirement schemes obligations to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (the projected unit credit method used to
      calculate the present value of defined benefit retirement schemes obligations at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as
      when calculating the pension liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

      The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the previous period.




180        PCCW Annual Report 2024
32 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
  a. Defined benefit retirement schemes (continued)
  vii. Expected maturity analysis of undiscounted payments of defined benefit retirement schemes are as follows:


  In HK$ million                                                                    As at 31 December 2023
                                                                             More than       More than
                                                                                 1 year         2 years
                                                                 Within      but within      but within     More than
                                                                 1 year         2 years         5 years        5 years               Total

  Undiscounted payments of defined benefit
    retirement schemes                                              17              17              51             309                394


  In HK$ million                                                                    As at 31 December 2024
                                                                            More than       More than
                                                                                 1 year        2 years
                                                                 Within      but within      but within     More than
                                                                 1 year         2 years        5 years         5 years               Total

  Undiscounted payments of defined benefit
    retirement schemes                                              17              17              50             289                373


  b. Defined contribution retirement schemes
  The Group also operates defined contribution retirement schemes, including the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme
  (the “MPF scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, for employees employed under the
  jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The schemes are administered by independent trustees.

  Under the defined contribution retirement scheme, the employer is required to make contributions to the scheme at rates specified
  under the rules of the scheme. Where employees leave the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer’s contributions, the amount
  of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group.

  Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the
  employees’ relevant income, subject to a current cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest
  immediately upon the completion of the services in the relevant service period.

  Forfeited contributions totalling HK$13 million (2023: HK$12 million) were utilised during the year ended 31 December 2024 to reduce
  contributions and no forfeited contribution (2023: nil) was available as at 31 December 2024.

  c. Other post-employment benefits
  In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong”
  that provides accounting guidance relating to the offsetting mechanism and the abolition of the mechanism. As at 31 December 2024,
  included in other payables were LSP obligations of HK$27 million (2023: HK$23 million).




                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024      181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      The Group has the following share option schemes and share award schemes:

      Share option schemes
      – Share option scheme of the Company adopted on 8 May 2014 (the “2014 Option Scheme”) and expired on 7 May 2024, and a new
         share option scheme of the Company adopted on 30 May 2024 (the “2024 Option Scheme”).

      –   Share Stapled Unit option scheme of HKT Trust and HKT adopted on 7 May 2021 (the “HKT 2021-2031 Option Scheme”) was
          terminated on 30 May 2024, and a new Share Stapled Unit option scheme of HKT Trust and HKT was adopted on 30 May 2024
          (the “HKT 2024-2034 Option Scheme”).

      Share award schemes
      – 2012 Share Award Schemes namely the PCCW Purchase Scheme and the PCCW Subscription Scheme; and the PCCW Limited
         2024 Share Award Scheme (collectively the “PCCW Share Award Schemes”).

      –   Share Stapled Unit award schemes adopted by HKT on 11 October 2011, the extension of the duration of which for a further term
          of 10 years commencing from 11 October 2021 was approved by the board of directors of HKT on 5 August 2021 (collectively the
          “2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes”), namely the HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme and the HKT Share Stapled
          Units Subscription Scheme; and the HKT Trust and HKT Limited 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme (collectively the “Share
          Stapled Unit Award Schemes”).

      –   The 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes will remain valid and effective until all outstanding awards granted thereunder have
          vested, lapsed, forfeited or been cancelled in accordance with the terms of the corresponding scheme. No further awards have
          been or will be granted under the 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes after the annual general meeting of HKT Trust and HKT
          held on 30 May 2024.

      The details of these schemes are disclosed under the section “Share Schemes of the Company and its Subsidiaries” in the Report of the
      Directors of the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.

      a. Share option schemes
      No share options/Share Stapled Unit options have been granted under the 2014 Option Scheme, the 2024 Option Scheme, the HKT
      2021-2031 Option Scheme and the HKT 2024-2034 Option Scheme since their adoption and up to and including 31 December 2024.

      b. Share award schemes
      Subject to the relevant scheme rules of the PCCW Share Award Schemes and the Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes, each scheme
      provides that prior to the vesting of the awards under the relevant scheme to selected participants (including any director or employee
      of the Company and its participating companies for the PCCW Share Award Schemes, and any director or employee of HKT or any of
      its subsidiaries for the Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes), the relevant PCCW Shares/Share Stapled Units will be held in trust by the
      trustee for such selected participants, and will be vested over a period of time determined by the respective approving body, provided
      that each selected participant shall remain at all times up to and including the relevant vesting date (or, as the case may be, each
      relevant vesting date) an employee or director of the Company, HKT, the relevant participating company or subsidiary, and satisfies any
      other conditions specified at the time the award is made, notwithstanding that the respective approving body shall be at liberty to waive
      such conditions. Other than satisfying the vesting conditions, selected participants are not required to provide any consideration in order
      to acquire the PCCW Shares/Share Stapled Units awarded to him/her under the relevant schemes.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, share-based compensation expenses in respect of the PCCW Share Award Schemes and
      the Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes of HK$54 million (2023: HK$46 million) were recognised in the consolidated income statement,
      HK$40 million (2023: HK$34 million) were recognised in the employee share-based compensation reserve and HK$14 million
      (2023: HK$12 million) were recognised in non-controlling interests.




182       PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  i. Movements in the number of PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units held under the PCCW Share Award Schemes and the Share
      Stapled Unit Award Schemes
  (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes

                                                                           Number of                    Number of
                                                                         PCCW Shares               Share Stapled Units
                                                                         2023              2024       2023                   2024

  PCCW Purchase Scheme:
    Beginning of year                                               2,745,045          3,108,715   861,171             916,428
    Purchases from the market by the trustee at
      weighted average market price of HK$4.06
      (2023: HK$3.91) per PCCW Share/HK$9.81
      (2023: HK$9.63) per Share Stapled Unit                        3,084,000          2,100,000   801,000             757,000
    PCCW Shares/Share Stapled Units vested                         (2,720,330)     (3,077,095)     (745,743)          (903,181)

    End of year                                                     3,108,715          2,131,620   916,428             770,247

  PCCW Subscription Scheme:
    Beginning of year                                              11,577,179          8,438,408           –                   –
    New PCCW Shares issued by the Company at issue
      price of HK$0.01 per PCCW Share (note 30(a))                           –         1,347,791           –                   –
    PCCW Shares vested                                             (3,138,771)     (3,895,874)             –                   –

    End of year                                                     8,438,408          5,890,325           –                   –


  (2) 2024 Share Award Scheme


                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                       PCCW Shares
                                                                                                      2023                   2024

  Grants Funded by Existing PCCW Shares:
    Beginning of year                                                                                      –                   –
    Purchases from the market by the trustee at weighted average market price of
      HK$4.20 per PCCW Share                                                                               –         1,309,000

    End of year                                                                                            –         1,309,000

  Grants Funded by New PCCW Shares:
    Beginning of year                                                                                      –                   –
    New PCCW Shares issued by the Company at issue price of
      HK$0.01 per PCCW Share (note 30(a))                                                                  –            77,334

    End of year                                                                                            –            77,334




                                                                                                   PCCW Annual Report 2024     183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      i. Movements in the number of PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units held under the PCCW Share Award Schemes and the Share
          Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)
      (3) 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes


                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                       Share Stapled Units
                                                                                                          2023               2024

      HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme:
        Beginning of year                                                                              422,111          436,552
        Purchases from the market by the trustee at weighted average market price of
          HK$9.81 (2023: HK$9.67) per Share Stapled Unit                                               435,000          256,000
        Share Stapled Units vested                                                                     (420,559)        (425,843)

        End of year                                                                                    436,552          266,709

      HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme:
        Beginning of year                                                                             5,329,111        4,337,670
        Share Stapled Units vested                                                                     (991,441)        (985,605)

        End of year                                                                                   4,337,670        3,352,065


      (4) 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme


                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                       Share Stapled Units
                                                                                                          2023               2024

      Grants Funded by Existing Share Stapled Units:
        Beginning of year                                                                                    –                 –
        Purchases from the market by the trustee at weighted average market price of
          HK$9.96 per Share Stapled Unit                                                                     –          573,000

        End of year                                                                                          –          573,000

      Grants Funded by New Share Stapled Units:
        Beginning of year                                                                                    –                 –
        New Share Stapled Units jointly issued by HKT Trust and HKT at issue price of approximately
          HK$9.22 per Share Stapled Unit                                                                     –           33,813

        End of year                                                                                          –           33,813




184      PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
      the date of award
  (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes

                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                              Number of PCCW Shares
                                                              Fair value       As at                                                    As at
                                                             on the date   1 January                                           31 December
  Date of award         Vesting period                         of award        2023     Awarded     Forfeited         Vested            2023
                                                                   HK$

  PCCW Purchase Scheme (PCCW Shares)
  16 April 2021         16 April 2021 to 16 April 2023             4.53    1,148,750          –       (1,087)    (1,147,663)               –
  28 April 2021         28 April 2021 to 28 April 2023             4.52      56,500           –              –     (56,500)                –
  4 March 2022          4 March 2022 to 16 April 2023              4.34      34,803           –              –     (34,803)                –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 16 April 2023             4.52     159,005           –              –    (159,005)                –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2023             4.52    1,142,825          –       (1,093)    (1,141,732)               –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.52    1,514,307          –      (27,677)             –      1,486,630
  1 September 2022      1 September 2022 to 19 April 2023          3.86     101,124           –              –    (101,124)                –
  1 September 2022      1 September 2022 to 19 April 2024          3.86     101,124           –              –            –        101,124
  20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2023         3.85      79,503           –              –     (79,503)                –
  20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024         3.85      79,502           –              –            –            79,502
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024             4.01           –      13,422              –            –            13,422
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025             4.01           –      13,417              –            –            13,417
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                 4.02           –     249,366       (3,452)             –        245,914
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                 4.02           –     660,593       (3,451)             –        657,142
  1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024                 3.97           –       4,301              –            –             4,301
  1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025                 3.97           –       4,298              –            –             4,298
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024               3.85           –      22,379              –            –            22,379
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025               3.85           –      22,378              –            –            22,378
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024             3.92           –    1,123,823             –            –      1,123,823
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025             3.92           –    1,123,822             –            –      1,123,822

  Total                                                                    4,417,443   3,237,799     (36,760)    (2,720,330)     4,898,152

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                        4.47        3.95        4.43           4.48              4.12




                                                                                                             PCCW Annual Report 2024       185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
          the date of award (continued)
      (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                   Number of PCCW Shares
                                                                   Fair value       As at                                                  As at
                                                                  on the date   1 January                                            31 December
      Date of award         Vesting period                          of award        2023     Awarded     Forfeited         Vested          2023
                                                                        HK$

      PCCW Subscription Scheme (PCCW Shares)
      16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2023              4.64     100,787           –              –    (100,787)              –
      16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024              4.64     100,786           –              –            –         100,786
      11 May 2020           11 May 2020 to 16 April 2023                4.77      20,448           –              –      (20,448)             –
      16 April 2021         16 April 2021 to 16 April 2023              4.53    1,219,141          –      (25,869)    (1,193,272)             –
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2023                4.09     131,656           –              –    (131,656)              –
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024                4.09     100,336           –              –            –         100,336
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025                4.09     100,335           –              –            –         100,335
      4 March 2022          4 March 2022 to 16 April 2023               4.34     228,771           –              –    (228,771)              –
      4 March 2022          4 March 2022 to 16 April 2024               4.34     153,131           –              –            –         153,131
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2023              4.52    1,500,623          –      (42,496)    (1,458,127)             –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024              4.52    1,499,619          –     (145,484)             –       1,354,135
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025              4.52     100,787           –              –            –         100,787
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026              4.52     100,786           –              –            –         100,786
      15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2023             4.15       5,710           –              –        (5,710)            –
      15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024             4.15       5,710           –              –            –           5,710
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024              4.01           –    1,375,409    (113,880)             –       1,261,529
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025              4.01           –    1,374,524    (113,785)             –       1,260,739
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                  4.02           –     623,698       (3,268)             –         620,430
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                  4.02           –     623,689       (3,267)             –         620,422
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026                  4.02           –     111,568              –            –         111,568
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027                  4.02           –     111,565              –            –         111,565
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024                3.85           –      77,849       (8,079)             –          69,770
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025                3.85           –      77,783       (8,066)             –          69,717

      Total                                                                     5,368,626   4,376,085    (464,194)    (3,138,771)      6,141,746

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                         4.49        4.01        4.24           4.50            4.16




186       PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
      the date of award (continued)
  (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                         Number of Share Stapled Units
                                                              Fair value       As at                                                   As at
                                                             on the date   1 January                                         31 December
  Date of award         Vesting period                         of award        2023    Awarded     Forfeited       Vested              2023
                                                                   HK$

  PCCW Purchase Scheme (Share Stapled Units)
  16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2023            11.86      38,731         –               –     (38,731)                –
  16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024            11.86      38,730         –               –            –            38,730
  16 April 2021         16 April 2021 to 16 April 2023            11.06     184,217         –        (1,315)     (182,902)                –
  28 April 2021         28 April 2021 to 28 April 2023            11.22      22,732         –               –     (22,732)                –
  2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2023              10.56      40,369         –               –     (40,369)                –
  2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024              10.56      40,369         –               –            –            40,369
  2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025              10.56      40,369         –               –            –            40,369
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 16 April 2023            10.86      65,334         –               –     (65,334)                –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2023            10.86     365,706         –        (2,699)     (363,007)                –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024            10.86     365,606         –        (6,391)             –       359,215
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025            10.86      41,413         –               –            –            41,413
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026            10.86      41,412         –               –            –            41,412
  20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2023        10.22      32,668         –               –     (32,668)                –
  20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024        10.22      32,667         –               –            –            32,667
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024            10.18           –     74,250       (4,047)             –            70,203
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025            10.18           –     74,145       (4,038)             –            70,107
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                 9.98           –     94,677       (1,321)             –            93,356
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                 9.98           –     94,674       (1,320)             –            93,354
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026                 9.98           –     42,674              –            –            42,674
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027                 9.98           –     42,673              –            –            42,673
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024               9.05           –     10,651         (526)             –            10,125
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025               9.05           –     10,645         (525)             –            10,120
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024             9.10           –    262,563              –            –       262,563
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025             9.10           –    262,562              –            –       262,562

  Total                                                                    1,350,323   969,514      (22,182)     (745,743)      1,551,912

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                      10.89       9.51        10.43         10.93              10.02




                                                                                                            PCCW Annual Report 2024       187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
          the date of award (continued)
      (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                Number of PCCW Shares
                                                                   Fair value       As at                                              As at
                                                                  on the date   1 January                                        31 December
      Date of award         Vesting period                          of award        2024    Awarded   Forfeited       Vested           2024
                                                                        HK$

      PCCW Purchase Scheme (PCCW Shares)
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024              4.52    1,486,630        –             –   (1,486,630)            –
      1 September 2022      1 September 2022 to 19 April 2024           3.86     101,124         –             –    (101,124)             –
      20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024          3.85      79,502         –             –      (79,502)            –
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024              4.01      13,422         –             –     (13,422)             –
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025              4.01      13,417         –             –           –          13,417
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                  4.02     245,914         –             –    (245,914)             –
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                  4.02     657,142         –             –           –         657,142
      1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024                  3.97       4,301         –             –       (4,301)            –
      1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025                  3.97       4,298         –             –           –           4,298
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024                3.85      22,379         –             –     (22,379)             –
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025                3.85      22,378         –             –           –          22,378
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024              3.92    1,123,823        –             –   (1,123,823)            –
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025              3.92    1,123,822        –             –           –       1,123,822
      19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025              3.85           –     16,404            –           –          16,404
      19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026              3.85           –     16,401            –           –          16,401
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                  4.19           –    293,103            –           –         293,103
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                  4.19           –    653,411            –           –         653,411

      Total                                                                     4,898,152   979,319            –   (3,077,095)     2,800,376

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                         4.12      4.18            –         4.21           4.03




188       PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
      the date of award (continued)
  (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                               Number of PCCW Shares
                                                                Fair value       As at                                                   As at
                                                               on the date   1 January                                          31 December
  Date of award         Vesting period                           of award        2024     Awarded    Forfeited       Vested              2024
                                                                     HK$

  PCCW Subscription Scheme (PCCW Shares)
  16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024               4.64     100,786           –             –    (100,786)                –
  2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024                 4.09     100,336           –             –    (100,336)                –
  2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025                 4.09     100,335           –             –           –         100,335
  4 March 2022          4 March 2022 to 16 April 2024                4.34     153,131           –             –    (153,131)                –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024               4.52    1,354,135          –     (24,040) (1,330,095)                  –
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025               4.52     100,787           –             –           –         100,787
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026               4.52     100,786           –             –           –         100,786
  15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024              4.15       5,710           –             –      (5,710)                –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024               4.01    1,261,529          –     (33,115) (1,228,414)                  –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025               4.01    1,260,739          –    (105,357)            –       1,155,382
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                   4.02     620,430           –             –    (620,430)                –
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                   4.02     620,422           –             –    (291,045)*       329,377
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026                   4.02     111,568           –             –           –         111,568
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027                   4.02     111,565           –             –           –         111,565
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024                 3.85      69,770           –      (3,843)      (65,927)                –
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025                 3.85      69,717           –      (5,250)            –             64,467
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025               3.85           –    1,931,656   (386,941)            –       1,544,715
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026               3.85           –    1,878,011   (386,876)            –       1,491,135
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                   4.19           –     391,406             –           –         391,406
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                   4.19           –     391,392             –           –         391,392
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2027                   4.19           –     115,000             –           –         115,000
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2028                   4.19           –     115,000             –           –         115,000

  Total                                                                      6,141,746   4,822,465   (945,422) (3,895,874)        6,122,915

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                          4.16        3.92       3.89          4.22               3.98


  *   These 291,045 shares were accelerated vesting of award




                                                                                                              PCCW Annual Report 2024       189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
          the date of award (continued)
      (1) 2012 Share Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                              Number of Share Stapled Units
                                                                   Fair value       As at                                               As at
                                                                  on the date   1 January                                         31 December
      Date of award         Vesting period                          of award        2024    Awarded     Forfeited      Vested           2024
                                                                        HK$

      PCCW Purchase Scheme (Share Stapled Units)
      16 April 2020         16 April 2020 to 16 April 2024             11.86      38,730         –               –    (38,730)             –
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2024               10.56      40,369         –               –    (40,369)             –
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2025               10.56      40,369         –               –            –        40,369
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024             10.86     359,215         –        (1,822)    (357,393)             –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2025             10.86      41,413         –               –            –        41,413
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2026             10.86      41,412         –               –            –        41,412
      20 September 2022     20 September 2022 to 19 April 2024         10.22      32,667         –               –    (32,667)             –
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024             10.18      70,203         –        (2,225)     (67,978)             –
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025             10.18      70,107         –        (5,931)             –        64,176
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                  9.98      93,356         –               –    (93,356)             –
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                  9.98      93,354         –               –            –        93,354
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2026                  9.98      42,674         –               –            –        42,674
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2027                  9.98      42,673         –               –            –        42,673
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024                9.05      10,125         –               –    (10,125)             –
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025                9.05      10,120         –          (207)             –         9,913
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024              9.10     262,563         –               –   (262,563)             –
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025              9.10     262,562         –               –            –       262,562
      19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025              8.68           –     99,651       (7,858)             –        91,793
      19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026              8.68           –     99,533       (7,846)             –        91,687
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025                  9.20           –    156,752              –            –       156,752
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026                  9.20           –    156,749              –            –       156,749
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2027                  9.20           –     50,281              –            –        50,281
      30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2028                  9.20           –     50,279              –            –        50,279

      Total                                                                     1,551,912   613,245      (25,889)    (903,181)      1,236,087

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                       10.02       9.03         9.31        10.19            9.42




190       PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
      the date of award (continued)
  (2) 2024 Share Award Scheme


                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                           Number of PCCW Shares
                                                            Fair value       As at                                                   As at
                                                           on the date   1 January                                         31 December
  Date of award         Vesting period                       of award        2024     Awarded    Forfeited       Vested              2024
                                                                 HK$

  Grants Funded by Existing PCCW Shares
  26 June 2024          26 June 2024 to 26 June 2025             3.88           –    1,307,977            –           –      1,307,977
  26 June 2024          26 June 2024 to 26 June 2026             3.88           –    1,307,976            –           –      1,307,976

  Total                                                                         –    2,615,953            –           –      2,615,953

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                        –         3.88            –           –               3.88

  Grants Funded by New PCCW Shares
  22 August 2024        22 August 2024 to 22 August 2025         4.29           –      39,334             –           –             39,334
  22 August 2024        22 August 2024 to 22 August 2026         4.29           –      39,333             –           –             39,333

  Total                                                                         –      78,667             –           –             78,667

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                        –         4.29            –           –               4.29




                                                                                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024       191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
          the date of award (continued)
      (3) 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes


                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                                  Number of Share Stapled Units
                                                                  Fair value on       As at                                                 As at
                                                                    the date of   1 January                                           31 December
      Date of award         Vesting period                              award         2023     Awarded      Forfeited       Vested          2023
                                                                          HK$

      HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme
        (Share Stapled Units)
      16 April 2021         16 April 2021 to 16 April 2023              11.06      208,728           –          (437)     (208,291)            –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2023              10.86      212,717           –          (449)     (212,268)            –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024              10.86      212,711           –       (10,334)             –       202,377
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024              10.18            –       5,135               –            –         5,135
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025              10.18            –       5,132               –            –         5,132
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                    9.98           –      49,393               –            –        49,393
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                    9.98           –      49,390               –            –        49,390
      1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024                    9.96           –       1,646               –            –         1,646
      1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025                    9.96           –       1,645               –            –         1,645
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024                9.10           –     167,292               –            –       167,292
      4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025                9.10           –     167,292               –            –       167,292

      Total                                                                        634,156     446,925       (11,220)     (420,559)       649,302

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                         10.93         9.33        10.87         10.96           9.80

      HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme
        (Share Stapled Units)
      11 May 2020           11 May 2020 to 16 April 2023                12.86        7,858           –               –      (7,858)            –
      16 April 2021         16 April 2021 to 16 April 2023              11.06      440,667           –        (9,090)     (431,577)            –
      2 July 2021           2 July 2021 to 16 April 2023                10.56       12,601           –               –     (12,601)            –
      4 March 2022          4 March 2022 to 16 April 2023               10.60        8,537           –               –      (8,537)            –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2023              10.86      543,311           –       (14,790)     (528,521)            –
      19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024              10.86      542,398           –       (54,428)             –       487,970
      15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2023             11.00        2,347           –               –      (2,347)            –
      15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024             11.00        2,346           –               –            –         2,346
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024              10.18            –     452,085       (39,279)             –       412,806
      19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025              10.18            –     451,298       (39,198)             –       412,100
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024                    9.98           –      78,560        (1,250)             –        77,310
      30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025                    9.98           –      78,548        (1,250)             –        77,298
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024                  9.05           –      27,726        (2,570)             –        25,156
      23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025                  9.05           –      27,666        (2,561)             –        25,105

      Total                                                                       1,560,065   1,115,883     (164,416)     (991,441)     1,520,091

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                         10.92       10.10         10.48         10.96          10.34



192       PCCW Annual Report 2024
33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  b. Share award schemes (continued)
  ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
      the date of award (continued)
  (3) 2011 Share Stapled Unit Award Schemes (continued)


                                                                                                     2024
                                                                                         Number of Share Stapled Units
                                                            Fair value       As at                                                     As at
                                                           on the date   1 January                                           31 December
  Date of award         Vesting period                       of award        2024     Awarded      Forfeited       Vested              2024
                                                                 HK$

  HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme
    (Share Stapled Units)
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024          10.86     202,377           –               –    (202,377)                –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024          10.18       5,135           –               –      (5,135)                –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025          10.18       5,132           –               –            –             5,132
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024               9.98      49,393           –               –     (49,393)                –
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025               9.98      49,390           –               –            –            49,390
  1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2024               9.96       1,646           –               –      (1,646)                –
  1 June 2023           1 June 2023 to 1 June 2025               9.96       1,645           –               –            –             1,645
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2024           9.10     167,292           –               –    (167,292)                –
  4 August 2023         4 August 2023 to 4 August 2025           9.10     167,292           –               –            –       167,292
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025           8.68           –       5,749               –            –             5,749
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026           8.68           –       5,746               –            –             5,746
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025               9.20           –      37,471               –            –            37,471
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026               9.20           –      37,469               –            –            37,469

  Total                                                                   649,302      86,435               –    (425,843)       309,894

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                      9.80        9.13              –       10.05               9.27

  HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme
    (Share Stapled Units)
  19 April 2022         19 April 2022 to 19 April 2024          10.86     487,970           –        (8,053)     (479,917)                –
  15 August 2022        15 August 2022 to 19 April 2024         11.00       2,346           –               –      (2,346)                –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2024          10.18     412,806           –       (10,457)     (402,349)                –
  19 April 2023         19 April 2023 to 19 April 2025          10.18     412,100           –       (34,361)             –       377,739
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2024               9.98      77,310           –               –     (77,310)                –
  30 May 2023           30 May 2023 to 30 May 2025               9.98      77,298           –               –            –            77,298
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2024             9.05      25,156           –        (1,473)      (23,683)                –
  23 June 2023          23 June 2023 to 23 June 2025             9.05      25,105           –        (1,800)             –            23,305
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2025           8.68           –     592,718       (30,194)             –       562,524
  19 April 2024         19 April 2024 to 19 April 2026           8.68           –     591,812       (30,130)             –       561,682
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2025               9.20           –     105,069               –            –       105,069
  30 May 2024           30 May 2024 to 30 May 2026               9.20           –     105,054               –            –       105,054

  Total                                                                  1,520,091   1,394,653     (116,468)     (985,605)     1,812,671

  Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                    10.34         8.76         9.42         10.47               9.11



                                                                                                            PCCW Annual Report 2024       193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

33 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b. Share award schemes (continued)
      ii. Movements in the number of unvested PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units and their related weighted average fair value on
          the date of award (continued)
      (4) 2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme


                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                Number of Share Stapled Units
                                                                   Fair value       As at                                                 As at
                                                                  on the date   1 January                                           31 December
      Date of award         Vesting period                          of award        2024     Awarded      Forfeited       Vested          2024
                                                                        HK$

      Grants Funded by Existing Share Stapled Units
      26 June 2024          26 June 2024 to 26 June 2025                8.72           –     571,874               –            –       571,874
      26 June 2024          26 June 2024 to 26 June 2026                8.72           –     571,873               –            –       571,873

      Total                                                                            –    1,143,747              –            –     1,143,747

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                           –         8.72              –            –          8.72

      Grants Funded by New Share Stapled Units
      22 August 2024        22 August 2024 to 22 August 2025            9.95           –      17,198               –            –        17,198
      22 August 2024        22 August 2024 to 22 August 2026            9.95           –      17,197               –            –        17,197

      Total                                                                            –      34,395               –            –        34,395

      Weighted average fair value on the date of award (HK$)                           –         9.95              –            –          9.95


      The fair values of the PCCW Shares and the Share Stapled Units awarded during the year on the dates of award are measured by the
      respective quoted market prices of the PCCW Shares and the Share Stapled Units at the respective award dates.

      The PCCW Shares and the Share Stapled Units unvested had a weighted average remaining vesting period at the end of the reporting
      period as follows:

                                                                                                                       2023              2024

      PCCW Purchase Scheme (PCCW Shares)                                                                           0.83 year         0.72 year
      PCCW Subscription Scheme (PCCW Shares)                                                                       0.81 year         0.80 year
      PCCW Purchase Scheme (Share Stapled Units)                                                                   0.95 year         0.96 year
      HKT Share Stapled Units Purchase Scheme (Share Stapled Units)                                                0.81 year         0.64 year
      HKT Share Stapled Units Subscription Scheme (Share Stapled Units)                                            0.66 year         0.69 year
      2024 Share Award Scheme (Grants Funded by Existing PCCW Shares)                                                     –          0.98 year
      2024 Share Award Scheme (Grants Funded by New PCCW Shares)                                                          –          1.14 year
      2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme (Grants Funded by Existing Share Stapled Units)                                –          0.98 year
      2024 Share Stapled Unit Award Scheme (Grants Funded by New Share Stapled Units)                                     –          1.14 year




194       PCCW Annual Report 2024
34 RESERVES

  In HK$ million                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                Employee                                       Financial
                                                                              share-based Currency                  Costs of   assets at
                                                                    Treasury compensation translation    Hedging    hedging       FVOCI       Other   Accumulated
                                                                       stock       reserve   reserve      reserve    reserve     reserve   reserves        losses      Total

  THE GROUP
  As at 1 January 2023                                                   (9)           56        (141)       155        (60)        (60)       (82)        (7,259)    (7,400)

  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year
     Loss for the year                                                   –              –          –           –           –          –          –           (471)     (471)
     Other comprehensive income/(loss)
        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
           consolidated income statement:
           Remeasurements of defined benefit retirement
               schemes obligations                                       –              –          –           –           –          –          –            (44)      (44)
           Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI        –              –          –           –           –       (207)         –              –      (207)
        Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified
           subsequently to consolidated income statement:
           Translation exchange differences:
           – exchange differences on translating foreign
               operations of subsidiaries                                –              –         19           –           –          –          –             –         19
           – exchange differences on translating foreign
               operations of associates and joint ventures               –              –         (24)         –           –          –          –             –         (24)
           Cash flow hedges:
           – effective portion of changes in fair value                  –              –          –         (94)          –          –          –             –         (94)
           – transfer from equity to consolidated income
               statement                                                 –              –          –         (83)         6           –          –             –         (77)
           Costs of hedging                                              –              –          –           –        (21)          –          –             –         (21)

  Total comprehensive loss for the year                                  –              –          (5)      (177)       (15)       (207)         –           (515)     (919)

  Transactions with equity holders
     Purchases of PCCW Shares under share award schemes                 (10)            –          –           –           –          –          –             –         (10)
     Purchases of Share Stapled Units under share award
         schemes                                                         –              –          –           –           –          –          –            (10)      (10)
     Purchases of Share Stapled Units                                    –              –          –           –           –          –          –           (140)     (140)
     Employee share-based compensation                                   –             34          –           –           –          –          –              –        34
     Vesting of PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units under
         share award schemes                                              9           (31)         –           –           –          –          –            22          –
     Distributions/Dividends for PCCW Shares and Share
         Stapled Units granted under share award schemes                 –             (5)         –           –           –          –          –              –         (5)
     Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                       –              –          –           –           –          –          –         (2,201)    (2,201)
     Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year           –              –          –           –           –          –          –           (755)      (755)

     Total contributions by and distributions to equity holders          (1)           (2)         –           –           –          –          –         (3,084)    (3,087)

     Change in interests in subsidiaries that does not result in
        a loss of control (note 43(b))                                   –              –          –           –           –          –          –           933        933
     Transfer of loss on disposal of financial assets at FVOCI           –              –          –           –           –         48          –           (48)         –

  Total transactions with equity holders                                 (1)           (2)         –           –           –         48          –         (2,199)    (2,154)

  As at 31 December 2023                                                (10)           54        (146)       (22)       (75)       (219)       (82)        (9,973)   (10,473)




                                                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024        195
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

34 RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      In HK$ million                                                               2023
                                                                       Employee
                                                                     share-based
                                                                    compensation    Retained
                                                                         reserve      profits      Total

      THE COMPANY
      As at 1 January 2023                                                   20      18,851       18,871

      Total comprehensive income for the year
        Profit for the year                                                   –       2,359        2,359

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                 –       2,359        2,359

      Transactions with equity holders
        Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                         –       (2,204)     (2,204)
        Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year             –           (756)     (756)

      Total transactions with equity holders                                  –       (2,960)     (2,960)

      As at 31 December 2023 (note a)                                        20      18,250       18,270




196       PCCW Annual Report 2024
34 RESERVES (CONTINUED)

  In HK$ million                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                  Employee                                       Financial
                                                                                share-based Currency                 Costs of    assets at
                                                                     Treasury compensation translation    Hedging    hedging        FVOCI       Other   Accumulated
                                                                        stock        reserve  reserve      reserve    reserve      reserve   reserves        losses      Total

  THE GROUP
  As at 1 January 2024                                                   (10)           54       (146)        (22)       (75)        (219)       (82)        (9,973)   (10,473)

  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year
     Loss for the year                                                     –             –          –           –            –          –          –           (300)     (300)
     Other comprehensive income/(loss)
        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
           consolidated income statement:
           Remeasurements of defined benefit retirement
               schemes obligations                                         –             –          –           –            –          –          –            21         21
           Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI          –             –          –           –            –        187          –             –        187
        Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified
           subsequently to consolidated income statement:
           Translation exchange differences:
           – exchange differences on translating foreign
               operations of subsidiaries                                  –             –         (53)         –            –          –          –             –         (53)
           – exchange differences on translating foreign
               operations of associates and joint ventures                 –             –       (135)          –            –          –          –             –       (135)
           Cash flow hedges:
           – effective portion of changes in fair value                    –             –          –         (93)           –          –          –             –         (93)
           – transfer from equity to consolidated income
               statement                                                   –             –          –         103          6            –          –             –        109
           Costs of hedging                                                –             –          –           –         63            –          –             –         63
           Share of other comprehensive loss of an associate               –             –          –           –          –           (3)         –             –         (3)

  Total comprehensive loss for the year                                    –             –       (188)         10         69          184          –           (279)     (204)

  Transactions with equity holders
     Purchases/Subscription of PCCW Shares under
         share award schemes                                             (12)            –          –           –            –          –          –             –         (12)
     Purchases/Subscription of Share Stapled Units under
         share award schemes                                               –             –          –           –            –          –          –           (14)       (14)
     Disposals of Share Stapled Units                                      –             –          –           –            –          –          –           182        182
     Employee share-based compensation                                     –            40          –           –            –          –          –             –         40
     Vesting of PCCW Shares and Share Stapled Units under
         share award schemes                                              10           (32)         –           –            –          –          –            22          –
     Distributions/Dividends for PCCW Shares and Share
         Stapled Units granted under share award schemes                   –            (8)         –           –            –          –          –              –         (8)
     Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                         –             –          –           –            –          –          –         (2,202)    (2,202)
     Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year             –             –          –           –            –          –          –           (755)      (755)

     Total contributions by and distributions to equity holders           (2)            –          –           –            –          –          –         (2,767)    (2,769)

     Change in interests in subsidiaries that does not result in a
        loss of control (note 43)                                          –             –          –           –            –          –          –          2,096     2,096

  Total transactions with equity holders                                  (2)            –          –           –            –          –          –           (671)     (673)

  As at 31 December 2024                                                 (12)           54       (334)        (12)        (6)         (35)       (82)       (10,923)   (11,350)


                                                                                                                                             PCCW Annual Report 2024        197
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

34 RESERVES (CONTINUED)

      In HK$ million                                                                                     2024
                                                                            Employee
                                                                         share-based
                                                                        compensation      Hedging          Retained
                                                                              reserve      reserve           profits            Total

      THE COMPANY
      As at 1 January 2024                                                          20          –           18,250             18,270

      Total comprehensive income for the year
        Profit for the year                                                         –           –             2,432             2,432
        Other comprehensive income
           Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified
              subsequently to income statement:
              Cash flow hedges:
              – effective portion of changes in fair value                          –           3                  –                3

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                       –           3             2,432             2,435

      Transactions with equity holders
        Dividend paid in respect of the previous year                               –           –            (2,204)           (2,204)
        Dividend declared and paid in respect of the current year                   –           –               (756)            (756)

      Total transactions with equity holders                                        –           –            (2,960)           (2,960)

      As at 31 December 2024 (note a)                                               20          3           17,722             17,745


      a. The Company had total distributable reserves of HK$17,722 million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$18,250 million).

35 DEFERRED INCOME TAX
      As at 31 December 2024, deferred income tax liabilities/(assets) represent:

      In HK$ million                                                                                          2023              2024

      Deferred income tax assets                                                                                (913)           (811)
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                        4,889             5,028

                                                                                                             3,976             4,217




198       PCCW Annual Report 2024
35 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
  a. Movements in deferred income tax liabilities/(assets) were as follows:


  In HK$ million                                                                                 2023
                                                             Accelerated            Valuation
                                                                      tax         adjustment
                                                             depreciation      resulting from
                                                                     and        acquisition of
                                                             amortisation        subsidiaries       Tax losses           Others             Total

  Beginning of year                                                5,303                 108            (1,792)             (19)            3,600
  Charged/(Credited) to the consolidated income
    statement                                                        565                  (20)           (165)                (2)            378
  Exchange differences                                                 (1)                  –               –                 (1)              (2)

  End of year                                                      5,867                   88           (1,957)             (22)            3,976


  In HK$ million                                                                                 2024
                                                             Accelerated           Valuation
                                                                      tax         adjustment
                                                             depreciation      resulting from
                                                                     and       acquisition of
                                                             amortisation        subsidiaries       Tax losses           Others             Total

  Beginning of year                                                5,867                   88           (1,957)             (22)            3,976
  Charged/(Credited) to the consolidated income
    statement                                                        844                  (57)           (550)                (1)            236
  Exchange differences                                                 1                    –                4                –                5

  End of year                                                      6,712                   31           (2,503)             (23)            4,217


  b. Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefit
  through utilisation against future taxable profits is probable. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had unutilised estimated tax losses
  for which no deferred income tax assets have been recognised of HK$14,458 million (2023: HK$13,666 million) to carry forward for
  deduction against future taxable income. Estimated tax losses of HK$340 million (2023: HK$411 million) and HK$130 million
  (2023: HK$157 million) will expire within 1 to 5 years and after 5 years from 31 December 2024 respectively. The remaining portion of
  the tax losses, mainly relating to Hong Kong companies, can be carried forward indefinitely.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024      199
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

36 CARRIER LICENCE FEE LIABILITIES
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had carrier licence fee liabilities payable as follows:


      In HK$ million                                                        2023                                     2024
                                                                            Interest                                 Interest
                                                                  Present   expense                       Present    expense
                                                            value of the     relating          Total value of the     relating          Total
                                                              minimum       to future     minimum        minimum     to future      minimum
                                                            annual fees      periods     annual fees   annual fees    periods     annual fees

      Payable within a period
      – not exceeding one year                                       338           5            343           324           3            327
      – over one year, but not exceeding two years                   286           11           297           324           12           336
      – over two years, but not exceeding five years                 857           77           934           957           85         1,042
      – over five years                                            1,943        449           2,392         1,917        412           2,329

                                                                   3,424        542           3,966         3,522        512           4,034
      Less: amounts payable within one year
        classified as current liabilities                           (338)          (5)         (343)         (324)          (3)         (327)

      Non-current portion                                          3,086        537           3,623         3,198        509           3,707




200      PCCW Annual Report 2024
37 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
  a. Reconciliation of profit before income tax to net cash generated from operating activities

  In HK$ million                                                                                                                      2023                  2024

  Profit before income tax                                                                                                           2,499                  2,788
  Adjustments for:
    Interest income                                                                                                                   (165)                  (133)
    Finance costs                                                                                                                    2,657                  2,811
    Fair value movement of derivative financial instruments                                                                             31                     (7)
    Fair value movement on financial assets at FVPL                                                                                   (169)                  (264)
    Other gains                                                                                                                       (121)                  (147)
    Losses/(Gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net                                             2                    (10)
    Impairment loss for trade receivables                                                                                              245                    274
    Write-back of provision for inventory obsolescence, net                                                                             (3)                    (9)
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                                    1,385                  1,159
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                              1,418                  1,387
    Amortisation of land lease premium – interests in leasehold land                                                                    17                     16
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                                3,456                  3,182
    Amortisation of fulfilment costs                                                                                                   386                    484
    Amortisation of customer acquisition costs                                                                                       1,201                  1,243
    Share of results of associates and joint ventures                                                                                  252                    355
    Increase in treasury stock for the purchases of PCCW Shares under share award schemes                                              (12)                   (14)
    Decrease in equity for the purchases of Share Stapled Units under share award schemes                                              (12)                   (16)
    Share-based compensation expenses                                                                                                   46                     54
    Pension cost for defined benefit retirement schemes                                                                                  2                      3

      (Increase)/Decrease in operating assets
      – fulfilment costs                                                                                                               (653)                (656)
      – customer acquisition costs                                                                                                   (1,250)              (1,203)
      – contract assets                                                                                                                 791                 (143)
      – other non-current assets                                                                                                        158                  (24)
      – inventories                                                                                                                     460                 (505)
      – trade receivables, prepayments, deposits and other current assets                                                               (65)                (279)
      – amounts due from related companies                                                                                              725                   23
      – restricted cash                                                                                                                 164                    6

      Increase/(Decrease) in operating liabilities
      – trade payables, accruals and other payables                                                                                     139                   547
      – amounts due to related companies                                                                                                 35                    31
      – advances from customers                                                                                                          (7)                   22
      – contract liabilities                                                                                                              3                  (105)
      – defined benefit retirement schemes liability                                                                                    (20)                  (20)
      – other long-term liabilities                                                                                                     (17)                  (37)

  CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS                                                                                                    13,578                10,813
  Interest received                                                                                                                    134                   129
  Income tax paid, net of tax refund
  – Hong Kong profits tax paid*                                                                                                        (299)                 (263)
  – overseas profits tax paid                                                                                                           (67)                  (54)

  NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                                      13,346                10,625


  *    As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the Hong Kong profits tax assessments and/or the current income tax liabilities of certain subsidiaries of the Group had not
       been received or not yet due, such that any corresponding tax charge settlement would be deferred to upcoming financial years.


                                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024        201
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

37 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
      b. Movements of financial (assets)/liabilities arising from financing activities
      Movements of financial (assets)/liabilities arising from financing activities are as follows:

      In HK$ million                                                                                      2023
                                                                   Prepaid
                                                              finance costs       Interest
                                                               (included in       payable
                                                              prepayments,    (included in                  Derivative    Amounts
                                                              deposits and       accruals                    financial      due to
                                                              other current     and other                 instruments,      related      Lease
                                                                    assets)     payables)    Borrowings           net    companies    liabilities     Total

      As at 1 January 2023                                             (29)        1,041        49,521            254           54       2,124      52,965


      Cash flows in financing activities
         New borrowings raised                                         (14)             5       33,981              –            –             –    33,972
         Finance costs (paid)/received                                   –         (2,259)           –            272           (2)            –     (1,989)
         Repayments of borrowings                                        –              –      (32,255)            46            –             –    (32,209)
         Payment for lease liabilities (including interest)              –              –            –              –            –      (1,518)      (1,518)
         Movement in amount due to a related company                     –              –            –              –           29             –        29
      Cash flows in investing activities
         Loan repayment in relation to licence fee
             (note 39(b)(i))                                             –              –         (130)             –            –            –       (130)
      Other changes (including non-cash movements)                      10         1,589           929            185           37       1,537       4,287

      As at 31 December 2023                                           (33)          376        52,046            757         118        2,143      55,407




202        PCCW Annual Report 2024
37 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
  b. Movements of financial (assets)/liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
  Movements of financial (assets)/liabilities arising from financing activities are as follows: (continued)


  In HK$ million                                                                                                   2024
                                                                 Prepaid
                                                            finance costs       Interest
                                                             (included in       payable
                                                            prepayments,    (included in                  Derivative       Amounts                     Amount due
                                                            deposits and       accruals                    financial         due to                         to a non-
                                                            other current     and other                 instruments,         related      Lease         controlling
                                                                  assets)     payables)    Borrowings           net       companies    liabilities           interest     Total

  As at 1 January 2024                                               (33)          376        52,046            757             118       2,143                    –     55,407


  Cash flows in financing activities
     New borrowings raised                                             –            (58)      40,472              –               –             –                  –     40,414
     Finance costs (paid)/received                                     –         (2,440)           –             45              (2)            –                  –     (2,397)
     Repayments of borrowings                                          –              –      (40,487)             –               –             –                  –    (40,487)
     Payment for lease liabilities (including interest)                –              –            –              –               –      (1,492)                   –     (1,492)
     Movement in amount due to a related company                       –              –            –              –              (3)            –                  –         (3)
     Movement in amount due to a non-controlling interest              –              –            –              –               –             –                344       344
  Cash flows in investing activities
     Loan repayment in relation to licence fee
         (note 39(b)(i))                                               –              –         (130)             –               –             –                  –       (130)
  Other changes (including non-cash movements)                        (6)         2,476           18            (52)             56       1,371                    –      3,863

  As at 31 December 2024                                             (39)          354        51,919            750             169       2,022                  344     55,519


  c. Analysis of cash and cash equivalents


  In HK$ million                                                                                                                                     2023               2024

  Total cash and bank balances                                                                                                                   2,917                  2,788
  Less: restricted cash                                                                                                                              (211)               (205)
  Less: short-term deposits                                                                                                                           (79)               (295)

  Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                                                                                                    2,627                  2,288




                                                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024          203
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

38 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it
      can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders to support the Group’s stability and growth; and to
      earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the Group’s operation.

      The Group monitors capital by reviewing the level of capital that is at the disposal of the Group (“Adjusted Capital”), taking into
      consideration the future capital requirements of the Group, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows,
      projected capital expenditures and projected strategic investment opportunities. Adjusted Capital comprises all components of equity.

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements, except for the debt covenant
      requirement of loan agreements with external parties and the minimum capital requirement of a subsidiary regulated by the Bermuda
      Monetary Authority. A subsidiary of the Group also has a minimum capital requirement as a condition for a stored value facilities licence
      granted by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      The tables below analyse financial instruments by category:


      In HK$ million                                                                               2023
                                                                       Financial    Financial       Financial     Derivatives
                                                                       assets at       assets          assets        used for
                                                                  amortised cost    at FVOCI         at FVPL         hedging             Total

      Non-current assets
        Financial assets at FVOCI                                             –          219                –               –             219
        Financial assets at FVPL                                              –            –           3,050                –           3,050
        Other financial assets                                            1,369            –                –               –           1,369
        Derivative financial instruments                                      –            –                –              29              29
        Other non-current assets
          (excluding prepayments)                                           143            –                –               –             143

                                                                          1,512          219           3,050               29           4,810

      Current assets
        Prepayments, deposits and other current assets
          (excluding prepayments)                                         2,994            –                –               –           2,994
        Trade receivables, net                                            4,135            –                –               –           4,135
        Amounts due from related companies                                   25            –                –               –              25
        Restricted cash                                                     211            –                –               –             211
        Short-term deposits                                                  79            –                –               –              79
        Cash and cash equivalents                                         2,627            –                –               –           2,627

                                                                         10,071            –                –               –         10,071

      Total                                                              11,583          219           3,050               29         14,881




204      PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  The tables below analyse financial instruments by category: (continued)


  In HK$ million                                                                              2023
                                                                       Financial     Derivatives   Other financial
                                                                       liabilities     used for       liabilities at
                                                                        at FVPL        hedging     amortised cost                 Total

  Current liabilities
    Short-term borrowings                                                      –              –            (1,049)            (1,049)
    Trade payables                                                             –              –            (6,297)            (6,297)
    Accruals and other payables                                                –              –            (7,911)            (7,911)
    Derivative financial instrument                                            –           (151)                  –               (151)
    Carrier licence fee liabilities                                            –              –               (338)               (338)
    Amounts due to related companies                                           –              –               (118)               (118)
    Advances from customers                                                    –              –               (279)               (279)
    Lease liabilities                                                          –              –            (1,107)            (1,107)

                                                                               –           (151)         (17,099)            (17,250)

  Non-current liabilities
    Long-term borrowings                                                       –              –          (50,997)            (50,997)
    Derivative financial instruments*                                        (33)          (602)                  –               (635)
    Carrier licence fee liabilities                                            –              –            (3,086)            (3,086)
    Lease liabilities                                                          –              –            (1,036)            (1,036)
    Other long-term liabilities                                                –              –            (2,368)            (2,368)

                                                                             (33)          (602)         (57,487)            (58,122)

  Total                                                                      (33)          (753)         (74,586)            (75,372)




                                                                                                        PCCW Annual Report 2024      205
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      The tables below analyse financial instruments by category: (continued)


      In HK$ million                                                                           2024
                                                                       Financial   Financial   Financial   Derivatives
                                                                       assets at     assets      assets      used for
                                                                  amortised cost   at FVOCI     at FVPL       hedging     Total

      Non-current assets
        Financial assets at FVOCI                                             –         881           –             –      881
        Financial assets at FVPL                                              –           –       3,311             –     3,311
        Other financial assets                                              805           –           –             –      805
        Derivative financial instruments                                      –           –           –            93       93
        Other non-current assets
          (excluding prepayments)                                           116           –           –             –      116

                                                                            921         881       3,311            93     5,206

      Current assets
        Prepayments, deposits and other current assets
          (excluding prepayments)                                         3,300           –           –             –     3,300
        Trade receivables, net                                            3,677           –           –             –     3,677
        Amounts due from related companies                                   23           –           –             –       23
        Restricted cash                                                     205           –           –             –      205
        Short-term deposits                                                 295           –           –             –      295
        Cash and cash equivalents                                         2,288           –           –             –     2,288

                                                                          9,788           –           –             –     9,788

      Total                                                              10,709         881       3,311            93    14,994




206      PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  The tables below analyse financial instruments by category: (continued)


  In HK$ million                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                         Financial           Derivatives       Other financial
                                                                                         liabilities             used for          liabilities at
                                                                                          at FVPL                hedging       amortised cost                      Total

  Current liabilities
      Short-term borrowings                                                                       –                      –                (3,934)                (3,934)
      Trade payables                                                                              –                      –                (7,570)                (7,570)
      Accruals and other payables                                                                 –                      –                (8,125)                (8,125)
      Derivative financial instruments*                                                           (4)                  (41)                     –                    (45)
      Carrier licence fee liabilities                                                             –                      –                  (324)                  (324)
      Amounts due to related companies                                                            –                      –                  (169)                  (169)
      Advances from customers                                                                     –                      –                  (301)                  (301)
      Lease liabilities                                                                           –                      –                (1,103)                (1,103)

                                                                                                  (4)                  (41)             (21,526)               (21,571)

  Non-current liabilities
      Long-term borrowings                                                                        –                      –              (47,985)               (47,985)
      Derivative financial instruments                                                          (29)                 (769)                      –                  (798)
      Carrier licence fee liabilities                                                             –                      –                (3,198)                (3,198)
      Lease liabilities                                                                           –                      –                  (919)                  (919)
      Amount due to a non-controlling interest                                                    –                      –                  (344)                  (344)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                 –                      –                (2,642)                (2,642)

                                                                                                (29)                 (769)              (55,088)               (55,886)

  Total                                                                                         (33)                 (810)              (76,614)               (77,457)


  *    As at 31 December 2024, derivative financial instruments classified as current liabilities of HK$32 million (2023: non-current liabilities of HK$34 million) related
       to foreign exchange forward contracts with an aggregate notional contract amount of US$470 million (approximately HK$3,686 million) (2023: US$470 million
       (approximately HK$3,686 million)) were designated as cash flow hedges of US$300 million zero coupon guaranteed notes due 2030. The US$300 million
       guaranteed notes may be redeemed at the option of the Group on 15 January 2025 at an early redemption amount of US$470 million (2023: US$470 million).
       Refer to notes 28(a) and 29(a) for details of the guaranteed notes and the foreign exchange forward contracts respectively.


  Exposure to credit, liquidity and market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk) arises in the normal course of the
  Group’s business. The Group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities. Exposure to these
  risks is controlled by the Group’s financial management policies and practices described below.




                                                                                                                                       PCCW Annual Report 2024         207
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      a. Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits, restricted cash, trade receivables,
      contract assets, amounts due from related companies, investments in debt instruments, derivative financial instruments, deposits and
      other receivables. Management has policies in place and exposure to these credit risks is monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The Group’s normal credit period for customers is ranging up to 30 days from the date of invoice unless there is a separate mutual
      agreement on extension of the credit period. The Group maintains a well-defined credit policy and individual credit evaluations are
      performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making
      payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the
      economic environment in which the customer operates. Debtors who have overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding
      balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers. As at 31 December 2023
      and 2024, the Group did not have a significant exposure to any individual debtors or counterparties.

      Further quantitative disclosures in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in note 27(d).

      The overall impact of impairment of the contract assets on the consolidated financial statements is considered by management.
      Management considered the lifetime expected losses with respect to these contract assets were minimal as at 31 December 2023 and
      2024 and the Group made no write-off or provision for these contract assets during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024.

      Investments in debt instruments, amounts due from related companies, deposits and other receivables are considered to have low
      credit risk. These assets are continuously monitored by assessing the credit quality of the counterparty, taking into account its financial
      position, past experience and other factors. Where necessary, provision for impairment loss is made for estimated irrecoverable
      amounts. As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, investments in debt instruments, amounts due from related companies, deposits and
      other receivables were fully performing.

      Derivative financial instruments, restricted cash, short-term deposits and cash and cash equivalents are considered to have low credit
      risk. These assets are executed with creditworthy financial institutions or investment counterparties and the Group does not expect any
      significant counterparty risk. Moreover, credit limits are set for individual counterparties and periodic reviews are conducted to ensure
      that the limits are strictly followed.

      The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial
      instruments, in the consolidated statement of financial position. Except for the guarantees given by the Group as disclosed in
      notes 21(b) and 41, the Group does not provide any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.




208      PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  b. Liquidity risk
  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with debt covenants, to
  ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity
  requirements in the short and longer term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient cash
  and banking facilities to fund its operations and debt servicing requirements.

  The Group is subject to certain corporate guarantee obligations to guarantee performance of its subsidiaries in the normal course of
  their businesses. Refer to note 41 for details.

  The following tables detail the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting periods of the Group’s non-derivative
  financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
  payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest
  date the Group can be required to pay:


  In HK$ million                                                                           2023
                                                                More than        More than                              Total
                                                    Within           1 year         2 years                      contractual
                                                 1 year or       but within      but within       More than undiscounted             Carrying
                                              on demand            2 years          5 years          5 years    cash outflow          amount

  Current liabilities
    Short-term borrowings                          (1,071)               –                –                –          (1,071)          (1,049)
    Trade payables                                 (6,297)               –                –                –          (6,297)          (6,297)
    Accruals and other payables                    (7,911)               –                –                –          (7,911)          (7,911)
    Derivative financial instrument
      (note ii)                                      (153)               –                –                –            (153)              (151)
    Carrier licence fee liabilities                  (343)               –                –                –            (343)              (338)
    Amounts due to related companies                 (118)               –                –                –            (118)              (118)
    Advances from customers                          (279)               –                –                –            (279)              (279)
    Lease liabilities                              (1,185)               –                –                –          (1,185)          (1,107)

                                                  (17,357)               –                –                –         (17,357)         (17,250)

  Non-current liabilities
    Long-term borrowings (note i)                  (2,326)         (14,708)        (29,200)         (12,667)         (58,901)         (50,997)
    Derivative financial instruments                    63             (84)            (209)           (470)            (700)              (635)
    Carrier licence fee liabilities                      –            (297)            (934)         (2,392)          (3,623)          (3,086)
    Lease liabilities                                    –            (662)            (382)             (60)         (1,104)          (1,036)
    Other long-term liabilities (note iii)               –             (92)            (960)         (3,188)          (4,240)          (2,368)

                                                   (2,263)         (15,843)        (31,685)         (18,777)         (68,568)         (58,122)

  Total                                           (19,620)         (15,843)        (31,685)         (18,777)         (85,925)         (75,372)




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024       209
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      b. Liquidity risk (continued)


      In HK$ million                                                                                             2024
                                                                                  More than           More than                                    Total
                                                                   Within              1 year            2 years                           contractual
                                                                1 year or         but within          but within         More than undiscounted                    Carrying
                                                             on demand                2 years            5 years             5 years      cash outflow              amount

      Current liabilities
             Short-term borrowings                                 (3,973)                   –                   –                  –            (3,973)             (3,934)
             Trade payables                                        (7,570)                   –                   –                  –            (7,570)             (7,570)
             Accruals and other payables                           (8,125)                   –                   –                  –            (8,125)             (8,125)
             Derivative financial instruments                          (45)                  –                   –                  –                 (45)               (45)
             Carrier licence fee liabilities                         (327)                   –                   –                  –               (327)               (324)
             Amounts due to related companies                        (169)                   –                   –                  –               (169)               (169)
             Advances from customers                                 (301)                   –                   –                  –               (301)               (301)
             Lease liabilities                                     (1,206)                   –                   –                  –            (1,206)             (1,103)

                                                                 (21,716)                    –                   –                  –           (21,716)           (21,571)

      Non-current liabilities
             Long-term borrowings (note i)                         (1,995)           (14,176)            (29,795)             (8,471)           (54,437)           (47,985)
             Derivative financial instruments                          (82)              (141)               (371)              (341)               (935)              (798)
             Carrier licence fee liabilities                             –               (336)            (1,042)             (2,329)            (3,707)             (3,198)
             Lease liabilities                                           –               (579)               (413)                (11)           (1,003)                (919)
             Amount due to a non-controlling
               interest                                                  –               (344)                   –                  –               (344)               (344)
             Other long-term liabilities (note iii)                      –                 (30)              (994)            (3,181)            (4,205)             (2,642)

                                                                   (2,077)           (15,606)            (32,615)           (14,333)            (64,631)           (55,886)

      Total                                                      (23,793)            (15,606)            (32,615)           (14,333)            (86,347)           (77,457)


      Notes:
      i.  As at 31 December 2024, bank borrowings of HK$910 million (2023: HK$1,040 million) included in long-term borrowings were for financing a 15-year 3G
          spectrum utilisation fee paid upfront by the Group.

      ii.     As at 31 December 2023, derivative financial instrument included HK$153 million of short-term interest payable, which related to interest drawn under an
              arrangement with a bank to receive agreed amounts by instalments to settle interest payments of a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap contract with a notional
              contract amount of HK$1,000 million.

      iii.    As at 31 December 2024, other long-term liabilities included HK$704 million (2023: HK$618 million) of long-term interest payable, which related to interest
              drawn under an arrangement with a bank to receive agreed amounts by instalments to settle interest payments of a fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap contract
              with a notional contract amount of EUR200 million (approximately HK$1,665 million) (2023: EUR200 million (approximately HK$1,665 million)). Refer to
              notes 28(c) and 29(a) for details of the guaranteed notes and the derivative financial instruments respectively.




210           PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  c. Market risk
  Market risk comprises foreign currency, interest rate and equity price exposure deriving from the Group’s operation, investment and
  funding activities. As a matter of policy, the Group enters into cross currency swap contracts, interest rate swap contracts, foreign
  exchange forward contracts and other financial instruments to manage its exposure to market risk directly related to its operations and
  financing. The Group does not undertake any speculative trading activities in connection with these financial instruments or enters into
  or acquires high market risk instruments for trading purposes.

  The Group determines the appropriate risk management activities with the aim of prudently managing the market risk associated with
  transactions undertaken in the normal course of the Group’s business.

  All treasury risk management activities are carried out in accordance with policies and guidelines approved by the Group, which are
  reviewed on a regular basis. Early termination and amendments to the terms of the transaction would typically occur when there are
  changes in the underlying assets or liabilities or in the risk management strategy of the Group.

  In the normal course of business, the Group uses the above-mentioned financial instruments to limit its exposure to adverse fluctuations
  in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. These instruments are executed with creditworthy financial institutions and all contracts
  are denominated in major currencies.

  i. Foreign currency risk
  The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various currency exposure. Foreign currency
  risk arises when the Group’s recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the
  relevant group entity.

  The Group’s borrowings are substantially denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars and Euro. As at 31 December 2024,
  all (2023: all) of the Group’s borrowings denominated in United States dollars/Euro were swapped into Hong Kong dollars by cross
  currency swap contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts. Given this, management does not expect that there will be any
  significant foreign currency risk associated with the Group’s borrowings. The cross currency swap contracts and foreign exchange
  forward contracts outstanding as at 31 December 2024 with an aggregate notional contract amount of US$2,870 million (approximately
  HK$22,400 million) (2023: US$2,870 million (approximately HK$22,400 million)) and EUR200 million (approximately
  HK$1,665 million) (2023: EUR200 million (approximately HK$1,665 million)) were designated as cash flow hedges against foreign
  currency risk.

  In respect of trade receivables and payables held in currencies other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate,
  the Group ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot or forward rates
  where necessary to address short-term imbalances.




                                                                                                               PCCW Annual Report 2024      211
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      c. Market risk (continued)
      i. Foreign currency risk (continued)
      The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from significant monetary
      assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies:

      In HK$ million                                                                  2023                                  2024
                                                                         United States                        United States
                                                                                Dollars              Euro            Dollars               Euro

      Trade receivables                                                          1,748                 40              1,485                   50
      Restricted cash                                                                –                  –                 21                   –
      Short-term deposits                                                           70                  –                295                   –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                    507                 39                661                   85
      Short-term borrowings                                                          –                  –             (3,881)                  –
      Trade payables                                                            (2,622)               (54)            (2,601)               (53)
      Advances from customers                                                      (16)                 (1)              (19)                  –
      Lease liabilities                                                            (52)                 (8)              (38)                  (3)
      Long-term borrowings                                                     (21,701)            (1,718)          (17,729)             (1,612)

      Gross exposure arising from net monetary liabilities                     (22,066)            (1,702)          (21,806)             (1,533)
      Net monetary (assets)/liabilities denominated
        in respective entities’ functional currencies                             (582)                 3               (694)               (44)
      Borrowings with hedging instruments                                      21,701               1,718            21,610              1,612

      Overall net exposure                                                        (947)                19               (890)                  35


      As at 31 December 2024, if the Hong Kong dollar had weakened/strengthened by 1% (2023: same) against the United States dollar,
      with all other variables held constant, the profit after tax of the Group for the year would have decreased/increased by approximately
      HK$7 million (2023: HK$8 million), mainly as a result of foreign exchange losses/gains on translation of United States dollar
      denominated monetary assets and liabilities which are not hedged by hedging instruments. Meanwhile, the hedging reserve and costs
      of hedging reserve of the Group as at 31 December 2024 would have collectively debited/credited by approximately HK$109 million
      (2023: HK$110 million), mainly as a result of foreign exchange losses/gains on the borrowings being hedged by cross currency swap
      contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts.

      As at 31 December 2024, if the Hong Kong dollar had weakened/strengthened by 5% (2023: same) against Euro, with all other
      variables held constant, the profit after tax of the Group for the year would have increased/decreased by approximately HK$1 million
      (2023: HK$1 million), mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of Euro denominated monetary assets and
      liabilities which are not hedged by hedging instruments. Meanwhile, the hedging reserve and costs of hedging reserve of the Group as at
      31 December 2024 would have collectively debited/credited by approximately HK$42 million (2023: HK$45 million), mainly as a result
      of foreign exchange losses/gains on the long-term borrowings being hedged by a cross currency swap contract.

      The sensitivity analysis has been determined assuming that the change in foreign exchange rates occurred at the end of the reporting
      period and applied to the Group’s exposure to currency risk for monetary assets and liabilities in existence at those dates, and that all
      other variables, in particular interest rates, remained constant.

      The stated changes represent management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes in foreign exchange rates over the period until
      the end of the next annual reporting period. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the
      United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any change in the movement in value of the United States dollar against other
      currencies. The analysis was performed on the same methodology for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024.




212       PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  c. Market risk (continued)
  ii. Interest rate risk
  Given the relatively insignificant amount of interest-bearing assets, the Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially
  independent of changes in market interest rates.

  The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from borrowings. Borrowings at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash
  flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. In addition, from time to time, the Group draws under its revolving
  credit facilities which are substantially denominated in Hong Kong dollars with floating rate interest.

  The Group has entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swap contracts to hedge the cash flow interest rate risk arising from certain
  floating rate borrowings.

  The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the reporting period, after taking into account
  the effect of the cash flow and fair value hedging instruments:

                                                                                    2023                                  2024
                                                                            Effective                             Effective
                                                                        interest rate       HK$ million       interest rate       HK$ million
                                                                                   %                                      %

  Net fixed rate borrowings:
    Short-term bank borrowing with hedging instrument                           4.62                994                   –                     –
    Short-term borrowing with hedging instruments                                  –                   –               3.85                 3,881
    Long-term borrowing                                                         5.06                778                5.06                  774
    Long-term bank borrowings with hedging instruments                          4.07              1,589                4.15                 8,049
    Long-term borrowings with hedging instruments                               2.93             22,641                3.46            18,567

                                                                                                 26,002                                31,271

  Variable rate borrowings:
    Short-term bank borrowing                                                   5.07                 55                4.97                   53
    Long-term bank borrowings                                                   5.30             25,989                5.28            20,595

                                                                                                 26,044                                20,648

  Total borrowings                                                                               52,046                                51,919


  As at 31 December 2024, if the interest rate on variable rate borrowings had increased/decreased by 75 basis points (2023: same),
  with all other variables held constant, the profit after tax of the Group for the year would have decreased/increased by approximately
  HK$130 million (2023: HK$170 million), mainly as a result of higher/lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings in existence at
  the end of the reporting period.

  The sensitivity analysis has been determined assuming that the change in interest rate occurred at the end of the reporting period and
  applied to the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk for floating rate borrowings in existence at those dates. The 75 basis points
  (2023: same) increase or decrease represents management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rate over the
  period until the end of the next annual reporting period. The analysis was performed on the same methodology for the years ended
  31 December 2023 and 2024.




                                                                                                                  PCCW Annual Report 2024       213
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      c. Market risk (continued)
      iii. Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments.

      Investments are held for their long term growth potential or long term strategic purpose. Performance of the Group’s listed investments
      are monitored regularly for price changes, whereas performance of the Group’s unlisted investments are assessed at least
      semi-annually against the performance of the associated business as well as similar listed entities, based on the limited information
      available to the Group. Assessment of investment’s relevance to the Group’s long-term strategic plans is also made by management on
      regular basis (if applicable).

      d. Fair values of financial instruments measured at amortised cost
      All financial instruments were carried at amounts not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2024 except
      as follows:

      In HK$ million                                                                   2023                                  2024
                                                                               Carrying                              Carrying
                                                                                amount           Fair value           amount           Fair value

      Other financial assets                                                      1,369              1,113                805                703
      Long-term borrowings                                                      50,997             49,610             47,985              46,839


      The fair values of other financial assets and borrowings are the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the
      prevailing market rates. The fair values are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (as defined in note 39(e)).

      e. Estimation of fair values
      Financial instruments carried at fair value are analysed by valuation method and the different levels are defined as follows:

      –   Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives and equity securities) is
          based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for the financial assets held by the
          Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

      –   Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is
          determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on
          entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in
          level 2.

      –   Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is
          the case for unlisted securities.




214       PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  e. Estimation of fair values (continued)
  The following tables present the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value:


  In HK$ million                                                                           As at 31 December 2023
                                                                            Level 1            Level 2            Level 3                 Total

  Assets
    Financial assets at FVOCI (non-current)
    – Listed securities                                                          89                  –                  –                   89
    – Unlisted securities                                                         –                  –               130                   130
    Financial assets at FVPL (non-current)
    – Listed securities                                                          21                  –                  –                   21
    – Unlisted securities                                                         –                  –             3,029                  3,029
    Derivative financial instruments (non-current)                                –                 29                  –                   29

  Total assets                                                                 110                  29             3,159                  3,298

  Liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments (current)                                    –               (151)                 –                  (151)
    Derivative financial instruments (non-current)                                –               (635)                 –                  (635)

  Total liabilities                                                               –               (786)                 –                  (786)


  In HK$ million                                                                           As at 31 December 2024
                                                                            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3                  Total

  Assets
    Financial assets at FVOCI (non-current)
    – Listed securities                                                        823                   –                  –                  823
    – Unlisted securities                                                         –                  –                58                    58
    Financial assets at FVPL (non-current)
    – Listed securities                                                        220                   –                  –                  220
    – Unlisted securities                                                         –                  –             3,091                  3,091
    Derivative financial instruments (non-current)                                –                 93                  –                   93

  Total assets                                                               1,043                  93             3,149                  4,285

  Liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments (current)                                    –                (45)                 –                   (45)
    Derivative financial instruments (non-current)                                –               (798)                 –                  (798)

  Total liabilities                                                               –               (843)                 –                  (843)




                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024      215
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      e. Estimation of fair values (continued)
      Instruments included in level 1 comprised investments in listed instruments classified as financial assets at FVOCI or financial assets at
      FVPL.

      Instruments included in level 2 comprised mainly cross currency swap contracts, interest rate swap contracts and foreign exchange
      forward contracts classified as derivative financial instruments.

      Instruments included in level 3 comprised investments in unlisted instruments classified as financial assets at FVOCI or financial assets
      at FVPL.

      Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

      –   In measuring the swap transactions, the fair value is the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the
          market quoted swap foreign exchange rates and interest rates.

      –   The fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts is calculated based on the prevailing market foreign exchange rates quoted
          for contracts with the same notional amounts adjusted for maturity differences.

      Investments in unlisted investment funds that are not traded in an active market are valued based on information derived from
      individual fund reports, or audited reports received from respective fund managers and adjusted by other relevant factors if deemed
      necessary. For other investments in unlisted instruments, the Group establishes the fair value by using valuation techniques including
      the use of recent arm’s length transactions, reference to other instruments that are substantially the same, and discounted cash flow
      analysis, making maximum use of market inputs and relying as little as possible on entity-specific inputs.

      The key assumptions adopted in the valuation models include market multiples and discount rates which are based on historical
      patterns and industry trends of comparable companies. The fair values of these level 3 instruments may differ significantly if there are
      material changes to the underlying assumptions applied in the relevant fair valuation models.

      The main level 3 input used by the Group for the valuations of unlisted investments included in level 3 instruments pertains to the use of
      recent arm’s length transactions, reference to portfolio statements, and reference to other listed instruments that are substantially the
      same.

      There were no transfers of financial assets and liabilities between fair value hierarchy classifications during the years ended
      31 December 2023 and 2024.

      There were no material changes in valuation techniques during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024.

      After one of the unlisted securities being listed on 13 October 2023, management reassessed the classification of this security amount
      of HK$299 million which was derecognised in the financial assets at FVPL and recognised in the financial assets at FVOCI.




216       PCCW Annual Report 2024
39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  e. Estimation of fair values (continued)
  The following tables present the changes in level 3 assets:


  In HK$ million                                                                                              2023
                                                                                                      Financial                Financial
                                                                                                      assets at                      assets
                                                                                                      FVOCI –                 at FVPL –
                                                                                                       unlisted                 unlisted
                                                                                                     securities               securities

  Beginning of year                                                                                        147                       2,785
  Additions                                                                                                  –                         552
  Disposals                                                                                                  –                        (475)
  Fair value movement recognised in financial assets at FVOCI reserve                                      (17)                          –
  Fair value movement recognised in other gains, net                                                         –                         167

  End of year                                                                                              130                       3,029


  In HK$ million                                                                                              2024
                                                                                                     Financial                 Financial
                                                                                                      assets at                  assets
                                                                                                      FVOCI –                at FVPL –
                                                                                                       unlisted                 unlisted
                                                                                                     securities               securities

  Beginning of year                                                                                        130                       3,029
  Additions                                                                                                  –                          13
  Disposals                                                                                                  –                         (30)
  Fair value movement recognised in financial assets at FVOCI reserve                                      (72)                          –
  Fair value movement recognised in other gains, net                                                         –                          79

  End of year                                                                                               58                       3,091


  The estimated fair value of level 3 financial assets as at 31 December 2024 was HK$3,149 million (2023: HK$3,159 million).

  f. Group’s valuation process
  The Group performs and monitors the valuations of financial instruments required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3
  fair values. Material movements in valuations are reported to senior management immediately. Valuation results are reviewed by senior
  management at least on a semi-annual basis.




                                                                                                           PCCW Annual Report 2024       217
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

40 COMMITMENTS
      a. Capital
      As at 31 December 2024, capital commitments authorised and contracted for by nature were as follows:

      In HK$ million                                                                                           2023                 2024

      Investments                                                                                                249                244
      Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                             1,634            1,619

                                                                                                               1,883            1,863


      b. Committed leases not yet commenced
      As at 31 December 2024, the total future lease payments for leases committed but not yet commenced were payable as follows:

      Land and buildings

      In HK$ million                                                                                           2023                 2024

      Within 1 year                                                                                                8                  2
      After 1 year but within 5 years                                                                             10                  3

                                                                                                                  18                  5


      Network capacity and equipment


      In HK$ million                                                                                           2023                 2024

      Within 1 year                                                                                                7                  –
      After 1 year but within 5 years                                                                             16                  –

                                                                                                                  23                  –


      c. Others
      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had other outstanding commitments as follows:

      In HK$ million                                                                                           2023                 2024

      Purchase of rights to broadcast certain TV content                                                         946            1,616
      Operating expenditure commitments                                                                          506                961

                                                                                                               1,452            2,577




218      PCCW Annual Report 2024
40 COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)
  d. Lease receivables
  As at 31 December 2024, the maturity analysis of the total future minimum lease receipts under non-cancellable operating leases is
  as follows:

  In HK$ million                                                                                                    2023                   2024

  Within 1 year                                                                                                        36                    22
  After 1 year but within 2 years                                                                                      22                    15
  After 2 years but within 3 years                                                                                     15                     7
  After 3 years but within 4 years                                                                                       7                    –

                                                                                                                       80                    44


  The Group leases out properties under operating leases. The majority of the leases typically run for periods of 1 to 5 years
  (2023: 1 to 5 years). None of the leases include material contingent rentals.

41 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

  In HK$ million                                                                                                    2023                   2024

  Performance guarantees                                                                                            1,384                  1,227
  Payment guarantees                                                                                                     1                    1
  Guarantees in lieu of cash deposit                                                                                   18                     1
  Others                                                                                                               22                    23

                                                                                                                    1,425                  1,252


  The Group is subject to certain corporate guarantee obligations to guarantee the performance of its subsidiaries in the normal course of
  their businesses. The amount of liabilities arising from such obligations, if any, cannot be ascertained but the directors are of the opinion
  that any resulting liability will not materially affect the financial position of the Group.

42 BANKING FACILITIES
  Aggregate banking facilities as at 31 December 2024 was HK$53,690 million (2023: HK$49,312 million) of which the undrawn facilities
  amounted to HK$24,802 million (2023: HK$20,488 million).

  Majority of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the Group’s consolidated
  statement of financial position ratios, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to
  breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand and the undrawn facilities would be cancelled.
  The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. As at 31 December 2024, the Group was in compliance with the
  covenants relating to the banking facilities. Further details of the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in note 39(b).

  Summaries of short-term and long-term borrowings are set out in notes 27(e) and 28 respectively.




                                                                                                                 PCCW Annual Report 2024      219
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
31 December 2024
(Amount expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)

43 CHANGE IN INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES WITHOUT A LOSS OF CONTROL
      a. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has purchased 16,331,000 Share Stapled Units from the open market at an
      average price of HK$8.14 per unit, resulting in a credit to non-controlling interest attributable to HKT Group of HK$7 million.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has disposed 20,097,000 Share Stapled Units from the open market at an
      average price of HK$9.50 per unit, resulting in a credit to non-controlling interest attributable to HKT Group of HK$9 million.

      b. On 21 June 2023, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PCCW Media Holdings Limited, and Viu International Limited (“Viu”,
      a then wholly-owned subsidiary of PCCW Media Holdings Limited), entered into a share subscription agreement with an independent
      third party (the “Partner A”), pursuant to which Partner A shall subscribe for ordinary shares of Viu for an aggregate amount of
      US$300 million (subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions), of which initial subscription of US$200 million was
      completed on 21 June 2023. Following the completion of the initial subscription of US$200 million and the further issuance of ordinary
      shares of Viu upon the availability of the audited financial statements of Viu, the Company’s economic interest in Viu decreased from
      100% to approximately 72.7%, resulting in an increase in non-controlling interests attributable to Viu of HK$566 million. Viu is engaged
      in the provision of OTT video streaming service in Asia, the Middle East and South Africa. During the year ended 31 December 2024,
      the Company’s economic interest in Viu further decreased from approximately 72.7% to approximately 62.8%, resulting in an increase
      in non-controlling interests attributable to Viu of HK$411 million during the year ended 31 December 2024.

      c. On 26 June 2024, the Company’s indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary, Apex Link Communications Holdings Limited (the “Seller”)
      entered into a share purchase agreement with an independent third party (the “Partner B”), pursuant to which Partner B shall
      purchase (i) 40% interest in Fiber Link Global Limited (the “Passive Netco”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
      which would engage in the provision of copper and fibre connection access services in Hong Kong and the Greater Bay Area and
      operating, maintaining and extending the passive components of copper and fibre access networks and providing related services;
      and (ii) a receivable in the amount of HK$344 million owing from Passive Netco to the Seller, for an aggregate consideration of
      US$870 million (the “Transaction”). As at 31 December 2024, all conditions of the agreement have been fulfilled and the Transaction
      has been completed, resulting in an increase in non-controlling interests of HK$2,834 million based on the effective interest held by
      non-controlling shareholders.




220      PCCW Annual Report 2024
44 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE
   ANNUAL ACCOUNTING PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
  Up to the date of approval of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA has issued the following new and amended
  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards which are not yet effective for the accounting period ended 31 December 2024 and which
  have not been early adopted in these consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                             Effective for accounting
                                                                                                             periods beginning on or after

  HKAS 21 (Amendments)                         The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates              1 January 2025


  HKAS 28 (2011) (Amendments)                  Investments in Associates and                                 To be announced
                                                 Joint Ventures


  HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                         Financial Instruments: Disclosures                            1 January 2026


  HKFRS 9 (Amendments)                         Financial Instruments                                         1 January 2026


  HKFRS 10 (Amendments)                        Consolidated Financial Statements                             To be announced


  HKFRS 18                                     Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements           1 January 2027


  HKFRS 19                                     Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures       1 January 2027


  Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                              1 January 2026


  HK Interpretation 5 (Revised)                Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification         1 January 2027
                                                 by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                 Repayment on Demand Clause

  Apart from the above, a number of improvements and minor amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards have also
  been issued by the HKICPA but they are not yet effective for the accounting period ended 31 December 2024 and have not been early
  adopted in these consolidated financial statements.

  None of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the result of operation and financial position of the Group.




                                                                                                                PCCW Annual Report 2024   221
FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
For the year ended 31 December 2024



Results
In HK$ million                                                                         2020*            2021#             2022            2023             2024

Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                               35,984           35,455          36,065           36,347           37,557
Cost of sales                                                                        (19,189)         (17,725)         (17,914)        (18,116)         (19,127)
General and administrative expenses                                                  (12,553)         (13,179)         (13,498)        (13,265)         (13,042)
Other (losses)/gains, net                                                                (563)             (45)             (51)            281              439
Interest income                                                                            67               69             101              165              133
Finance costs                                                                          (1,638)         (1,401)          (1,826)          (2,661)         (2,817)
Share of results of equity accounted entities                                              (25)            572            (278)            (252)            (355)

Profit before income tax                                                                2,083           3,746            2,599            2,499           2,788
Income tax                                                                               (705)            (998)           (672)            (409)            (847)

Profit for the year from continuing operations                                          1,378           2,748            1,927            2,090           1,941


Discontinued operations
(Loss)/Profit for the year from discontinued operations                                  (729)             199             834                 –               –

Profit for the year                                                                       649           2,947            2,761            2,090           1,941

Profit/(Loss) attributable to:
    Equity holders of the Company                                                      (1,020)          1,039              158             (471)            (300)
    Holders of perpetual capital securities                                                  –             226             235              235              234
    Non-controlling interests                                                           1,669           1,682            2,368            2,326           2,007


Assets and Liabilities
As at 31 December
In HK$ million                                                                          2020             2021             2022            2023             2024

Total non-current assets                                                              80,528           75,602          78,018           80,352           83,727
Total current assets                                                                  17,311           18,621          17,046           14,211           15,031
Total current liabilities                                                            (18,334)         (21,615)         (24,374)        (20,768)         (25,291)
Total non-current liabilities                                                        (65,951)         (57,126)         (57,925)        (64,094)         (61,953)

Net assets                                                                            13,554           15,482          12,765             9,701          11,514


Distributable Reserves of the Company
As at 31 December
In HK$ million                                                                          2020             2021             2022            2023             2024

Distributable reserves of the Company                                                 19,314           19,219          18,851           18,250           17,722


*     The results for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been restated to reflect the operations discontinued during the year ended 31 December 2021, whereas the
      results prior to the year ended 31 December 2020 have not been restated for this purpose.

#
      The results for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been restated to reflect the operations discontinued during the year ended 31 December 2022, whereas the
      results prior to the year ended 31 December 2021 have not been restated for this purpose.




222       PCCW Annual Report 2024
INVESTOR RELATIONS

DIRECTORS                                                                    LISTINGS
The directors of the Company as at the date of the announcement of           The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of
the 2024 Annual Results are:                                                 Hong Kong Limited and traded in the form of American Depositary
                                                                             Receipts (“ADRs”) on the OTC Markets Group Inc. in the United States.
Executive Directors:                                                         Each ADR represents 10 ordinary shares of the Company. Certain
Li Tzar Kai, Richard (Chairman)                                              guaranteed notes and securities issued by subsidiaries of the Company
Hui Hon Hing, Susanna (Acting Group Managing Director and                    are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited and
   Group Chief Financial Officer)                                            the Taipei Exchange (as the case may be).
                                                                             Owners of record as of the close of business on the ADR record
Non-Executive Directors:                                                     date of American Depositary Shares can vote by proxy at the annual
Tse Sze Wing, Edmund, GBS                                                    general meeting by completing a voting instruction card provided by
Tang Yongbo (Deputy Chairman)                                                the Depositary Bank. The Depositary Bank will tabulate and transmit
Meng Shusen                                                                  the amount of ordinary share votes to the Company before the annual
Zhao Xingfu                                                                  general meeting.
Wei Zhe, David
                                                                             Additional information and specific inquiries concerning the
Independent Non-Executive Directors:                                         Company’s ADRs should be directed to the Company’s ADR
Aman Mehta                                                                   Depositary at the address given on this page.
Frances Waikwun Wong                                                         Other inquiries regarding the Company should be addressed to
Bryce Wayne Lee                                                              Investor Relations at the address given on this page.
Lars Eric Nils Rodert                                                        STOCK CODES
David Christopher Chance                                                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                           0008
Sharhan Mohamed Muhseen Mohamed                                              Reuters                                                        0008.HK
                                                                             Bloomberg                                                         8 HK
GROUP GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY                                  ADRs                                                            PCCWY
Cheung Hok Chee, Vanessa
                                                                             SHARE REGISTRAR
REGISTERED OFFICE                                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
41st Floor, PCCW Tower                                                       Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road                                                183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                                                        Telephone: +852 2862 8555
Telephone: +852 2888 2888                                                    Fax: +852 2865 0990
Fax: +852 2877 8877                                                          Website: www.computershare.com/hk/contact
                                                                             ADR DEPOSITARY
ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                           Citibank, N.A.
This Annual Report 2024 in both English and Chinese is now                   PCCW American Depositary Receipts
available in printed form from the Company and the Company’s Share           Citibank Shareholder Services
Registrar, and in accessible format on the websites of the Company           P.O. Box 43077
(www.pccw.com/ir) and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited               Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3077, USA
(www.hkexnews.hk).                                                           Telephone: +1 877 248 4237 (toll free within USA)
                                                                             Telephone: +1 781 575 4555
Shareholders who:                                                            Email: citibank@shareholders-online.com
A) received the Annual Report 2024 using electronic means through            Website: www.citi.com/dr
    the website of the Company may request a printed copy, or                SHARE INFORMATION
B) received the Annual Report 2024 in either English or Chinese may          Board lot:                                                 1,000 shares
    request a printed copy of the other language version                     Issued shares as at 31 December 2024:             7,741,063,374 shares
by writing or sending email to the Company c/o the Company’s Share           DIVIDENDS
Registrar at:                                                                Dividends per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                             Interim                                                   9.77 HK cents
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited                            Final                                                   28.48 HK cents*
Investor Communications Centre
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre                                                   * Subject to the approval of shareholders at the 2025 Annual General Meeting
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong                                   FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Telephone: +852 2862 8688                                                    Announcement of 2024 Annual Results                        21 February 2025
Fax: +852 2865 0990
Email: pccw@computershare.com.hk                                             2025 Annual General Meeting                                     15 May 2025

Shareholders who have chosen (or are deemed to have agreed) to               Closure of register of members                              21-22 May 2025
receive the corporate communications of the Company (including                 (for determination of shareholders who                (both days inclusive)
but not limited to the Annual Report 2024) using electronic means              qualify for 2024 final dividend)
through the Company’s website and who, for any reason, have
difficulty in receiving or gaining access to the Annual Report 2024 will     Record date for 2024 final dividend                             22 May 2025
promptly, upon request in writing or by email to the Company’s Share         Payment of 2024 final dividend                  On or around 20 June 2025
Registrar, be sent the Annual Report 2024 in printed form, free of
charge.                                                                      INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                                             Marco Wong
Shareholders may change their choice of language and/or means of             PCCW Limited
receipt of the Company’s future corporate communications at any              41st Floor, PCCW Tower
time, free of charge, by reasonable prior notice in writing or by email to   Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
the Company’s Share Registrar.                                               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                                             Email: ir@pccw.com
                                                                             WEBSITE
                                                                             www.pccw.com

                                                                                                                          PCCW Annual Report 2024       223
Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to revenues, earnings and prospects. The words “believe”,
“intend”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “project”, “estimate”, “predict”, “is confident”, “has confidence” and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are not historical facts. Rather, the forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections of the directors and
management of PCCW relating to the business, industry and markets in which PCCW Group operates.
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict.
Consequently, actual results could differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those reflected in the forward-looking statements include:
• our ability to execute our business strategy to expand our businesses locally and overseas, including entering into business combinations, strategic investments and acquisitions and challenges in
   growing business organically;
• our ability to develop our growth businesses in media and other areas;
• possible negative effects of potentially new regulatory developments;
• increased competition in the media and other markets in which PCCW Group operates;
• increased content costs, changes in customer viewing habits or changes in technology;
• increased competition in the Hong Kong telecommunications market;
• our ability to obtain additional capital;
• our ability to implement our business plan as a consequence of our substantial debt;
• our exposure to interest rate risk; and
• possible negative market disruptions to the performance and prospects of our businesses resulting from macro-economic, public health and geopolitical uncertainties and other risks and factors
   beyond our control.
Reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the views of the directors and management of PCCW as at the date of this annual report only. We undertake no
obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after publication of this annual report.




224       PCCW Annual Report 2024
PCCW Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
41/F, PCCW Tower, Taikoo Place, 979 King's Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
T: +852 2888 2888 F: +852 2877 8877 www.pccw.com

PCCW shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK: 0008)
and traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts on the OTC Markets Group Inc. in the US (Ticker: PCCWY)
Copyright © PCCW Limited 2025. All Rights Reserved.
