
20-F

1

d820941d20f.htm

FORM 20-F

Form 20-F

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
20-F

(Mark One)

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell company report

For
the transition period from

 to

Commission file number
001-15128

United Microelectronics Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

N/A

(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)

Taiwan, Republic of China

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

No. 3 Li-Hsin Road II, Hsinchu Science Park,

Hsinchu City, Taiwan, Republic of China

(Address of principal executive offices)

Chitung Liu,
+886-2-2658-9168,

chitung liu@umc.com
,

8F, No. 68, Section 1, Neihu Road., Taipei 11493, Taiwan R.O.C.

(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of each exchange on which
registered
American Depositary Shares, as evidenced by American Depositary Receipts, each representing 5 Common Shares   UMC   New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.

None

(Title of Class)

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act.

None

(Title of Class)

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period
covered by the annual report.

11,724,318,715 Common Shares of Registrant issued as of December 31, 2019

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

If this report is an annual or transition
report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.     Yes  ☐
No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.     Yes  ☒     No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a

non-accelerated
 filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer, ” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer   ☒   Accelerated filer   ☐
Non-accelerated filer   ☐   Emerging growth company   ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report.  ☒

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the
financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP  ☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board  ☒   Other  ☐

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which
financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.     Item 17  ☐     Item 18  ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934).     Yes  ☐     No  ☒

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED
IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports
required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a
court.    Yes  ☐    No  ☐

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION

FORM 20-F ANNUAL REPORT

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019

Table of Contents

Page
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION   1
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT MAY NOT BE REALIZED   1
PART I.   4
ITEM 1   IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS   4
ITEM 2   OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE   4
ITEM 3   KEY INFORMATION   4
ITEM 4   INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY   24
ITEM 4A.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   45
ITEM 5   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS   45
ITEM 6   DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES   63
ITEM 7   MAJOR STOCKHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   67
ITEM 8   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   68
ITEM 9   THE OFFER AND LISTING   70
ITEM 10   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   71
ITEM 11   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   91
ITEM 12   DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES   93
PART II.   94
ITEM 13   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES   94
ITEM 14   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS   95
ITEM 15   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   95
ITEM 16A.   AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT   97
ITEM 16B.   CODE OF ETHICS   97
ITEM 16C.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   97
ITEM 16D.   EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES   98
ITEM 16E.   PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS   98
ITEM 16F.   CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT   98
ITEM 16G.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   98
ITEM 16H.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   99
PART III.   99
ITEM 17   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   99
ITEM 18   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   99
ITEM 19   EXHIBITS   100

i

Table of Contents

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

The references to “United Microelectronics”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “our company” and “the
Company” in this annual report refer to United Microelectronics Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context suggests otherwise. The references to “Taiwan” and “R.O.C.” refer to Taiwan, Republic of
China. The references to “China” and “PRC” refer to People’s Republic of China. The references to “shares” and “common shares” refer to our common shares, par value NT$10 per share, and “ADSs”
refers to our American Depositary Shares, each representing five common shares. The ADSs are issued under the Deposit Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2009, as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, among United
Microelectronics, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the holders and beneficial owners from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder. The references to “TIFRSs” refers to the Taiwan International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the Financial Supervisory Commission in the Republic of China, “IFRSs” refers to International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB, and “U.S.
GAAP” refers to the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.

We publish our financial statements in New Taiwan dollars, the lawful currency of the R.O.C. In this annual report, “NT$” and
“NT dollars” mean New Taiwan dollars, “$”, “US$” and “U.S. dollars” mean United States dollars, “¥” means Japanese Yen, “RMB¥” means Renminbi, “SGD” means Singapore Dollar
and “€” means EURO.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT MAY NOT BE REALIZED

Our disclosure and analysis in this annual report contain or incorporate by reference some forward-looking statements. We have based
these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that these expectations and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things:

•   our dependence on frequent introduction of new product services and technologies based on the latest
developments;

•   the intensely competitive semiconductor, communications, consumer electronics and computer industries and
markets;

•   risks associated with our international business activities;

•   our dependence on key personnel;

•   general economic and political conditions, including those related to the semiconductor, communications, consumer
electronics and computer industries;

•   natural disasters, such as earthquakes and droughts, which are beyond our control;

•   possible disruptions in commercial activities caused by natural and human-induced disasters, and outbreaks of
contagious diseases;

•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

•   additional disclosures we make in our previous and future Form 20-F annual reports and Form 6-K periodic reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the U.S. SEC; and

•   those other risks identified in the “Item 3. Key Information-D. Risk
Factors” section of this annual report.

1

Table of Contents

You can identify forward looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts. The words “may”, “will”, “is/are likely to”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan” and similar
expressions are intended to identify a number of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Form
20-F
 include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our business strategies and
future plans, anticipated business condition and financial results, our capital expenditure plans, our capacity management plans, expectations as to the capabilities of our technologies and manufacturing process, technological upgrades, investment
in research and development, future market demand, regulatory or other developments in our industry, business expansion plans or new investments as well as business acquisitions and financing plans. Please see “Item 3. Key Information—Risk
Factors” for a further discussion of certain factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements. We do not and will not undertake the obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this annual report might
not occur and our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

GLOSSARY

AMS   Analog/mixed-signal
ASIC   Application Specific Integrated Circuit. A custom-designed integrated circuit that performs specific functions which would otherwise require a number of off-the-shelf integrated circuits to perform.
BCD   Bipolar- Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor (“CMOS”)- Double Diffused Metal Oxide Semiconductor (“DMOS”). An integrated circuit and is one of the most important components for power management integration
circuits.
BSI-CSI   Back-Side Illuminated CMOS Image Sensor, which is recently used for mobile product image sensor with better performance and thinner chip.
Cell   Semiconductor structure in an electrical state which can store a bit of information, mainly used as the building block of memory array.
Die   A piece of a semiconductor wafer containing the circuitry of an unpackaged single chip.
DRAM   Dynamic Random Access Memory. A type of volatile memory product that is used in electronic systems to store data and program instructions. It is the most common type of RAM and must be refreshed with electricity hundreds of times
per second or else it will fade away.
eFlash   Embedded Flash Nonvolatile Memory. Used for most SoC (“System-on-Chip”) applications and has faster speed and enhanced security.
eHV   Embedded High Voltage Device. Used for Liquid Crystal Display (“LCD”) driver circuit to drive LCD devices.
FinFET   Fin Field-Effect Transistor.
FPGA   Field Programmable Gate Array. A programmable integrated circuit.
Integrated Circuit   Entire electronic circuit built on a single piece of solid substrate and enclosed in a small package. The package is equipped with leads needed to electrically integrate the integrated circuit with a larger electronic system.
Monolithic and hybrid integrated circuits are distinguished by the type of substrate used.

2

Table of Contents

Interconnect   The conductive path made from copper or aluminum that is required to achieve connection from one circuit element to the other circuit elements within a circuit.
Mask or Photomask   A piece of glass on which an integrated circuit circuitry design is laid out.
MCU   Microcontroller unit, a small computer on a single integrated circuit, containing one or more central processing units along with memory and programmable input/output peripherals.
Memory   A group of integrated circuits that a computer uses to store data and programs, such as ROM, RAM, DRAM and SRAM.
Micron   A unit of spatial measurement that is one-millionth of a meter.
MRAM   Magnetic Random Access Memory
Nanometer   A unit of spatial measurement that is one-billionth of a meter.
PC   Personal computer.
RAM   Random Access Memory. A type of volatile memory forming the main memory of a computer where applications and files are run.
ReRAM   Resistive Random Access Memory
RF-SOI   Radio Frequency Silicon on Insulator
ROM   Read-Only Memory. Memory that is programmed by the manufacturer and cannot be changed. Typically, ROM is used to provide start-up data when a computer is first turned on.
Scanner   A photolithography tool used in the production of semiconductor devices. This camera-like step-and-scan tool projects the image of a circuit from a
master image onto a photosensitized silicon wafer.
Semiconductor   A material with electrical conducting properties in between those of metals and insulators. Essentially, semiconductors transmit electricity only under certain circumstances, such as when given a positive or negative electric
charge. Therefore, a semiconductor’s ability to conduct can be turned on or off by manipulating those charges and this allows the semiconductor to act as an electric switch. The most common semiconductor material is silicon, used as the base of
most semiconductor chips today because it is relatively inexpensive and easy to create.
SoC   System-on-Chip. A chip that incorporates functions currently performed by several chips on a cost effective basis.
SOI   Silicon-On-Insulator. Silicon wafer consisting of a thin layer of oxide, on top of which semiconductor devices are built.
SRAM   Static Random Access Memory. A type of volatile memory product that is used in electronic systems to store data and program instructions. Unlike the more common DRAM, it does not need to be refreshed.
Transistor   Tri-terminal semiconductor device in which input signal (voltage or current depending on the type of transistor) controls output current. An individual circuit that can amplify or switch
electric current. This is the building block of all integrated circuits.

3

Table of Contents

Volatile memory   Memory products which lose their data content when the power supply is switched off.
Wafer   Thin, round, flat piece of silicon that is the base of most integrated circuits.
8-inch wafer equivalents   Standard unit describing the equivalent amount of 8-inch wafers produced after conversion, used to quantify levels of wafer production for purposes of comparison. Figures of 8-inch wafer equivalents are derived by converting the number of wafers of all dimensions (e.g., 6-inch, 8-inch and 12-inch) into their equivalent figures for 8-inch wafers. 100 6-inch wafers are equivalent to 56.25 8-inch wafers. 100 12-inch wafers are equivalent to 225 8-inch wafers.

PART I.

ITEM 1   IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2   OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

ITEM 3   KEY INFORMATION

A.   Selected Financial Data

The selected consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and the selected consolidated statements of comprehensive
income data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. In accordance with the requirements of the Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Commission, or FSC, beginning on January 1, 2013, we have adopted Taiwan-IFRSs, which is translated and published by Accounting Research and Development Foundation, or ARDF, referred to as “TIFRSs” for reporting our annual and interim
consolidated financial statements in the R.O.C. At the same time, we have adopted IFRSs as issued by the IASB for our annual reports on Form
20-F
 with the U.S. SEC beginning with the year ended
December 31, 2013. However, since January 1, 2013, we only prepare our interim unaudited quarterly financial statements under TIFRSs, which are furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on Form
6-K.
 The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and the selected consolidated statements of comprehensive income data for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016
are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included in this annual report.

In accordance with rule amendments
adopted by the SEC for foreign private issuers reporting under IFRSs, we are not required to provide reconciliations to U.S. GAAP in this annual report following our adoption of IFRSs.

4

Table of Contents

The selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Item 5.
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report.

Years Ended December 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
(in millions, except per share and per ADS data)
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Data
Operating revenues   144,830   147,870   149,285   151,253   148,202   4,955
Operating costs   (113,061   )   (117,491   )   (122,227   )   (128,413   )   (126,887   )   (4,242   )
Gross profit   31,769   30,379   27,058   22,840   21,315   713
Operating expenses   (19,969   )   (23,922   )   (22,143   )   (22,277   )   (21,614   )   (723   )
Net other operating income and expenses   (964   )   (263   )   1,653   5,117   5,182   173
Operating income   10,836   6,194   6,568   5,680   4,883   163
Non-operating income and expenses   2,833   (1,473   )   1,104   (3,562   )   (77   )   (2   )
Income from continuing operations before income tax   13,669   4,721   7,672   2,118   4,806   161
Income tax benefit (expense)   (1,028   )   (553   )   (993   )   1,130   (230   )   (8   )
Net income   12,641   4,168   6,679   3,248   4,576   153
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   (1,065   )   (4,024   )   (4,815   )   835   2,778   93
Total comprehensive income   11,576   144   1,864   4,083   7,354   246
Net income attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   13,254   8,621   9,676   7,678   8,155   273
Non-controlling interests   (613   )   (4,453   )   (2,997   )   (4,430   )   (3,579   )   (120   )
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   12,251   4,629   4,973   8,617   10,948   366
Non-controlling interests   (675   )   (4,485   )   (3,109   )   (4,534   )   (3,594   )   (120   )
Earnings per share: (1)
Basic   1.07   0.71   0.81   0.65   0.71   0.02
Diluted (2)   1.02   0.67   0.75   0.60   0.65   0.02
Common shares used in earnings per share calculation:
Basic   12,336   12,099   11,995   11,890   11,565   11,565
Diluted (2)   13,171   13,350   13,273   13,271   12,951   12,951
Earnings per ADS equivalent:
Basic   5.37   3.56   4.03   3.23   3.53   0.12
Diluted (2)   5.10   3.33   3.75   3.00   3.26   0.11
As of December 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Consolidated Balance Sheets Data
Total assets   335,354   384,227   391,132   362,597   366,262   12,245
Total liabilities   110,502   169,281   181,511   158,200   163,348   5,461
Stockholders’ equity   224,852   214,946   209,621   204,397   202,914   6,784
Capital stock (3)   127,581   126,243   126,243   124,243   117,576   3,931
Dividends declared per share (4)   0.55   0.55   0.50   0.70   0.58   0.02
Years Ended December 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Segment Data (5)
Operating revenues
Wafer fabrication   141,705   147,444   148,940   151,024   148,124   4,952
New business   3,125   426   345   229   78   3

5

Table of Contents

Years Ended December 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Net income (loss) (6)
Wafer fabrication   13,570   4,219   6,729   2,688   6,157   206
New business   (1,731   )   (1,662   )   (666   )   (603   )   (442   )   (15   )

(1)   Earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the year.

(2)   Diluted securities include convertible bonds, employee stock options and employees’ compensation, if any.

(3)   Changes to the number of the capital common shares are primarily caused by the share-based payment transactions
and the cancellation of treasury stocks, if any.

(4)   Dividends declared per share are in connection with earnings and accumulated additional paid-in capital and would be adjusted for the outstanding common shares changed due to employee stock options exercised, treasury stock repurchased, cancelled and transferred to employees, if any.

(5)   Since 2016, certain of our previous new business operation was reclassified as part of wafer fabrication
operation resulting in retrospective reclassification of segmentation data.

(6)   There are adjustments for intragroup elimination and GAAP differences between segment data and consolidated
data.

Currency Translations and Exchange Rates

In portions of this annual report, we have translated New Taiwan dollar amounts into U.S. dollars for the convenience of readers. The rate we
used for the translations was NT$29.91 to US$1.00, which was the foreign exchange rate on December 31, 2019 as released by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The translation does not mean that New Taiwan dollars could
actually be converted into U.S. dollars at that rate.

B.   Capitalization and Indebtedness

Not applicable.

C.   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

D.   Risk Factors

Our business and operations are subject to various risks, many of which are beyond our control. If any of the risks described below actually
occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be seriously harmed.

Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Condition

Any global systemic political, economic and financial crisis could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

In recent times, several major systemic economic and financial crises negatively affected global business, banking and
financial sectors, including the semiconductor industry and markets. These types of crises cause turmoil in global markets that often result in declines in electronic products sales from which we generate our income through our goods and services.
In addition, these crises may cause a number of indirect effects such as undermining the ability of our customers to remain competitive when faced with the financial and economic challenges created by insolvent countries and companies struggling to
survive in the wake of these crises. For example, there could be in the future
knock-on
 effects from these types of crises on our business, including significant decreases in orders from our customers;
insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products; customer insolvencies; and counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury operations. Any future systemic
political, economic or financial crises could cause revenues for the semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically, and if the economic conditions or financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, additional accounting related
allowances may be required in the future and such additional allowances could increase our operating expenses and therefore reduce our operating income and net income. Any disruption in global trade conditions such as the increase in tariffs or the
escalation of regional trade tension will indirectly impact global business environment which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

6

Table of Contents

The seasonality and cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry and periodic overcapacity make us
particularly vulnerable to significant and sometimes prolonged economic downturns.

The semiconductor industry has historically
been highly cyclical and, at various times, has experienced significant downturns. Since most of our customers operate in semiconductor-related industries, variations in order levels from our customers can result in volatility in our revenues and
earnings. Because our business is, and will continue to be, largely dependent on the requirements of semiconductor companies for our services, downturns in the semiconductor industry will lead to reduced demand for our services.

Our operating revenues are also typically affected by seasonal variations in market conditions that contribute to the fluctuations of the
average selling price of semiconductor services and products. The seasonal sales trends for semiconductor services and products closely mirror those for consumer electronics, communication and computer sales. We generally experience seasonal lows in
the demand for semiconductor services and products during the first half of the year, primarily as a result of inventory correction by our customers. Any change in the general seasonal variations, which we cannot anticipate, may result in materially
adverse effects on our revenues, operations and businesses.

Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes it difficult to
predict our future performance.

Our revenues, expenses and results of operations have varied significantly in the past and may
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in the future due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business and operations have at times in the past been negatively affected by, and are expected to continue to be
subject to the risk of the following factors:

•   the seasonality and cyclical nature of both the semiconductor industry and the markets served by our customers;

•   our customers’ adjustments in their inventory;

•   the loss of a key customer or the postponement of orders from a key customer;

•   the rescheduling and cancellation of large orders;

•   our ability to obtain equipment, raw materials, electricity, water and other required utilities on a timely and
economic basis;

•   outbreaks of contagious diseases, including but not limited to severe acute respiratory syndrome, avian flu, COVID-19, swine flu and Zika virus;

•   regulatory development and changes affecting our business operations globally;

•   environmental events, such as fires and earthquakes, or industrial accidents; and

•   technological changes.

7

Table of Contents

Due to the factors noted above and other risks discussed in this section, many of which are
beyond our control, you should not rely on
quarter-to-quarter
 comparisons to predict our future performance. Unfavorable changes in any of the above factors may
seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operating results may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors in some future periods. In this event, the price of the common
shares or ADSs may underperform or fall.

A decrease in demand for or selling prices of communication devices, consumer electronics and computer
goods may decrease the demand for our services and reduce our margins.

Our customers generally use the semiconductors produced in
our fabs in a wide variety of applications. We derive a significant percentage of our operating revenues from customers who use our manufacturing services to make semiconductors for communication devices, consumer electronics, PCs and other
computers. The semiconductor industry experienced several downturns due to recent major financial crises and natural disasters. These downturns resulted in a reduced demand for our services and hence decreased our revenues and earnings. Any
significant decrease in the demand for communication devices, consumer electronics, PCs or other computers may further decrease the demand for our services. In addition, if the average selling price of communication devices, consumer electronics,
PCs or other computers decline significantly, we will be pressured to further reduce our selling prices, which may reduce our revenues and, therefore, reduce our margins significantly. As demonstrated by downturns in demand for high technology
products in the past, market conditions can change rapidly, without apparent warning or advance notice. In such instances, our customers will experience inventory buildup and/or difficulties in selling their products and, in turn, will reduce or
cancel orders for wafers from us. The timing, severity and recovery of these downturns cannot be predicted accurately or at all. When they occur, our business, profitability and price of the common shares and ADSs are likely to suffer. In addition,
we may not be able to verify or guarantee the creditworthiness of some of our customers. If customers fail to make payments on a timely basis and accumulate substantial accounts receivable, we may not be able to collect payments or may incur
substantial costs and expenses to pursue legal remedies to recover such losses, which may have an adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations.

Overcapacity in the semiconductor industry may reduce our revenues, earnings and margins.

The prices that we can charge our customers for our services are significantly related to the overall worldwide supply of integrated circuits
and semiconductor products. The overall supply of semiconductor products is based in part on the capacity of other companies, which is outside of our control. For example, in light of the current market conditions, some companies, including our
largest competitors, have announced plans to increase capacity expenditures significantly. We believe such plans, if carried out as planned, will increase the industry-wide capacity and are likely to result in overcapacity in the future. In periods
of overcapacity, if we are unable to offset the adverse effects of overcapacity through, among other things, our technology and product mix, we may have to lower the prices we charge our customers for our services and/or we may have to operate at
significantly less than full capacity. Such actions could reduce our margin and profitability and weaken our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot give any assurance that an increase in the demand for foundry services in the
future will not lead to overcapacity in the near future, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, earnings and margins.

Any problem in
the semiconductor outsourcing infrastructure can adversely affect our operating revenues and profitability.

Many of our customers
depend on third parties to provide mask tooling, assembly and test services, and we and our customers may not be able to control or direct such third parties to provide these services timely or at costs reasonable to our customers. If these
customers cannot timely obtain these services on reasonable terms, they may not order any foundry services from us. This may significantly reduce our operating revenues and negatively affect our profitability.

8

Table of Contents

We may be unable to implement new technologies as they become available, which may result in the
decrease of our profitability and the loss of customers and market share.

The semiconductor industry is developing rapidly and
the related technology is constantly evolving. If we do not anticipate the technology evolution and rapidly adopt new and innovative technology, we may not be able to produce sufficiently advanced services at competitive prices. There is a risk that
our competitors may adopt new technology before we do, resulting in our loss of market share. If we are unable to begin offering advanced services and processes on a competitive and timely basis, we may lose customers to our competitors providing
similar technologies, which may cause our operating revenues to decline unless we can replace lost customers with new customers. In addition, the market prices for advanced technology and services tend to fall over time. As a result, if we are
unable to offer new advanced services and processes on a competitive and timely basis, we may need to reduce prices that we set for our existing services and processes, which would have a negative effect on our profitability. We also depend upon the
introduction of new technologies on a timely basis in order to benefit from the relatively higher prices such new technologies offer in the earlier stages of their life cycles. If we are unable to introduce new technologies on a timely and
competitive basis, we may not be able to benefit from the relatively higher prices for new technologies, and our average selling price and profits would decrease accordingly.

We may be unable to provide leading technology to our customers if we lose the support of our technology partners.

Enhancing our manufacturing process technologies is critical to our ability to provide services for our customers. We intend to continue to
advance our process technologies through internal research and development and alliances with other companies. In addition to our internal research and development team focused on developing new and improved semiconductor manufacturing process
technologies, we are also dependent on some of our technology partners to advance certain process technology portfolios. In addition, we currently have patent cross-licensing agreements with several companies, including International Business
Machines Corporation, or IBM. Some mask and equipment vendors also supply our technology development teams with masks and equipment needed to develop more advanced processing technologies. If we are unable to continue any of our joint development
arrangements, patent cross-licensing agreements and other agreements, on mutually beneficial economic terms, if we
re-evaluate
 the technological and economic benefits of such relationships, if we are unable to
enter into new technology alliances and arrangements with other leading and specialty semiconductor companies, or if we fail to secure masks and equipment from our vendors in a timely manner sufficient to support our ongoing technology development,
we may be unable to continue providing our customers with leading edge mass-producible process technologies and may, as a result, lose important customers, which would have a materially adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and
financial condition.

In addition, some of our customers rely upon third-party vendors, or intellectual property (IP) vendors, for the IP
they embed into their designs. Although we work and collaborate with IP vendors with respect to such matters, there can be no guarantee that we will be successful or that the vendors will deliver according to our requirements or the needs of our
customers. Failures to meet the targets or to deliver on a timely basis could cause customers to cancel orders and/or shift capacity to other suppliers.

Any outbreak of contagious diseases, such as the recent COVID-19 epidemics, may materially and adversely affect our business and operations, as well as
our financial condition and results of operations.

Any outbreak of contagious diseases, including but not limited to COVID-19,
Zika virus, Ebola virus, avian or swine influenza or severe acute respiratory syndrome, may disrupt our ability to adequately staff our business and may generally disrupt our operations. The recent outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic in China is spreading
globally and expected to adversely affect the economic conditions in Asia and throughout the world. The outbreak has slowed the economic growth in China and other regions of the world where we and our customers operate, which will negatively impact
the global supply chain, market and economies. We have significant operations in China, Taiwan and the Asia Pacific region, including supply chain and manufacturing facilities and sales and marketing channels. If such outbreak continues, we may
experience a decline of sales activities and customer orders; reduction of operation and workforce at our fabs; difficulties in international travels and communications; regulatory restrictions; reduction of research and development activities; and
other risks resulting from the outbreak. Any of these factors may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations.

9

Table of Contents

In addition, if any of our employees is suspected of having contracted COVID-19 or any
contagious disease, we may under certain circumstances be required to quarantine such employees and the affected areas of our premises. Therefore, we may have to temporarily suspend part of or all of our operations. Furthermore, government actions
to contain the outbreak may restrict the level of economic activities in affected regions, including Taiwan, and affect the willingness and ability of our employees and customers to travel, which may also adversely affect our business and prospects.
As a result, we cannot assure you that any future outbreak of contagious diseases would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our business may suffer if we cannot compete successfully in our industry.

The worldwide semiconductor foundry industry is highly competitive. We compete with dedicated foundry service providers such as Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, Semiconductor Manufacturing International (Shanghai) Corporation and Globalfoundries Inc., as well as the foundry operation services of some integrated device manufacturers, such as IBM, Intel, Samsung
Electronics, or Samsung, and Toshiba Corporation, or Toshiba. Integrated device manufacturers principally manufacture and sell their own proprietary semiconductor products, but may also offer foundry services. Other competitors such as Dongbu Anam
Semiconductor, Grace Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp.,
X-FAB
 Semiconductors Foundries AG and Silterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. have initiated efforts to expand and develop substantial additional foundry capacity.
New entrants and consolidations in the foundry business are likely to initiate a trend of competitive pricing and create potential overcapacity in legacy technology. Some of our competitors have greater access to capital and substantially greater
production, research and development, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, these companies may be able to compete more aggressively over a longer period of time than we can.

The principal elements of competition in the wafer foundry market include:

•   technical competence;

•   time-to-volume production and
cycle time;

•   time-to-market;

•   research and development quality;

•   available capacity;

•   manufacturing yields;

•   customer service and design support;

•   price;

•   management expertise; and

•   strategic alliances.

Our ability to compete successfully also depends on factors partially outside of our control, including product availability, IP, including
cell libraries that our customers embed in their product designs, and industry and general economic trends.

10

Table of Contents

We may not be able to implement our planned growth if we are unable to obtain the financing necessary
to fund the substantial capital expenditures we expect to incur.

Our business and the nature of our industry require us to make
substantial capital expenditures leading to a high level of fixed costs. The costs of facilities, tools and equipment to make semiconductors with advanced technology continue to rise, with each generation typically significantly more expensive than
the
larger-in-size
 more mature technologies which preceded. We expect to incur significant capital expenditures in connection with our growth plans. These capital
expenditures will be made in advance of any additional sales to be generated by new or upgraded fabs as a result of these expenditures. Given the fixed-cost nature of our business, we have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, operating
losses if our revenues do not adequately offset our capital expenditures. Additionally, our actual expenditures may exceed our planned expenditures for a variety of reasons, including changes in:

•   our growth plan;

•   our process technology;

•   our research and development efforts and patent license arrangements;

•   market conditions;

•   interest rates;

•   exchange rate fluctuations; and

•   prices of equipment.

We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on satisfactory terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on
satisfactory terms, we may be forced to curtail our expansion plans or delay the deployment of our services, which could result in a loss of customers and limit the growth of our business.

We depend on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our operating revenues and any loss of these customers would result in significant
declines in our operating revenues.

We have been largely dependent on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of
our business. In 2019, our top ten customers accounted for 51.3% of our operating revenues. We expect that we will continue to depend upon a relatively limited number of customers for a significant portion of our operating revenues. We cannot assure
you that our operating revenues generated from these customers, individually or in the aggregate, will reach or exceed historical levels in any future period. Loss or cancellation of business from significant changes in scheduled deliveries to, or
decreases in the prices of services sold to any of these customers could significantly reduce our operating revenues.

Our customers
generally do not place purchase orders far in advance, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future revenues, adjust production costs and allocate capacity efficiently on a timely basis. In addition, due to the cyclical nature of the
semiconductor industry, our customers’ purchase orders have varied significantly from period to period. As a result, we do not typically operate with any significant backlog, except in periods of extreme capacity shortage. The lack of
significant backlog and the unpredictable length and timing of semiconductor cycles make it difficult for us to forecast our revenues in future periods. Moreover, our expense levels are based in part on our expectations of future revenues, and we
may be unable to adjust costs in a timely manner to compensate for revenue shortfalls. We expect that in the future our operating revenues in any quarter will continue to be substantially dependent upon purchase orders received in that quarter.

Moreover, the increasing trend in mergers and acquisitions activities in the semiconductor industry could reduce total available customer
base, which could potentially result in a loss of customers.

11

Table of Contents

Our operations and business will suffer if we lose one or more of our key personnel without adequate
replacements.

Our future success to a large extent depends on the continued services of our Chairman and key executive officers.
We do not carry key person insurance on any of our personnel. If we lose the services of any of our Chairman or key executive officers, it could be difficult to find and integrate replacement personnel in a short period of time, which could harm our
operations and the growth of our business.

We may have difficulty attracting and retaining skilled employees, who are critical to our future
success.

The success of our business depends upon attracting and retaining experienced executives, engineers and other employees
to implement our strategy. The competition for skilled employees is intense. We expect demand for personnel in Taiwan to increase in the future as new wafer fabrication facilities and other businesses are established in Taiwan. We also expect demand
for experienced personnel in other locations to increase significantly as our competitors establish and expand their operations. Some of our competitors are willing to offer better compensation than that we do to our executives, engineers and other
employees. We do not have long-term employment contracts with any of our employees. If we were unable to retain our existing personnel or attract, assimilate and recruit new experienced personnel in the future, it could seriously disrupt our
operations and delay or restrict the growth of our business.

Our transactions with affiliates and stockholders may hurt our profitability and
competitive position.

We have provided foundry services to several of our affiliates and stockholders. We currently do not
provide any preferential treatment to any of these affiliates and stockholders. However, we may in the future reserve or allocate our production capacity to these companies if there is a shortage of foundry services in the market to enable these
companies to maintain their operations and/or to protect our investments in them. This reservation or allocation may reduce our capacity available for our other customers, which may damage our relationships with other customers and discourage them
from using our services. This may hurt our profitability and competitive position.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence in our company may be adversely affected.

We are required to comply with the R.O.C and the U.S. securities laws and regulations in connection with internal controls. As a public
company in the United States, our management is required to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), or the COSO criteria, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is
effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may decline to issue an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or may issue a report that is qualified or adverse. During the course of the
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, we or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify control deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate prior to the date of our first assessment of internal control
over financial reporting. Our failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements or prevent fraud, which in turn could
harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our shares.

However, although effective internal controls can provide
reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements, they may not prevent or detect misstatements because of their inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or
overriding of controls, fraud or corruption. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, our business and operating results could be harmed, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and there could be a material adverse
effect on the market price of our common shares and ADSs.

12

Table of Contents

The trend of adopting protectionist measures in certain countries, including the United States, could
have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Governments in the United States, PRC and
certain other countries have implemented fiscal and monetary programs to stimulate economic growth as a result of the recent economic downturn, and many of these programs include protectionist measures that encourage the use of domestic products and
labor. Recent policy developments by the governments in US, China and elsewhere also suggest an increased unwillingness to allow international companies to invest in or acquire local businesses. Since many of our direct customers and other
downstream customers in the supply chain are located in or have operations in the countries where protectionist measures were adopted, such protectionist measures may have a material adverse effect on demand for our manufacturing services.

We may decide to make strategic acquisitions of other companies, assets or businesses and such acquisitions introduce significant risks and
uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired assets or businesses.

In order to position ourselves to take
advantage of growth opportunities, we have made, and may continue to make, certain strategic acquisitions, mergers and alliances that involve significant risks and uncertainties. Successful acquisitions and alliances in the semiconductor industry
are difficult to accomplish because they require efficient integration and aligning of product offerings and manufacturing operations and coordination of sales and marketing and research and development efforts. The difficulties of integration and
alignment may be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, the complexity of the technologies being integrated and aligned and the necessity of integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and
combining different corporate cultures. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be able to identify a viable target for strategic acquisition, and we may incur significant costs and resources in such effort that may not result in a
successful acquisition. In addition, we may also issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or alliances, which could be dilutive to existing shareholders. We may also incur debt or assume contingent liabilities in connection with
acquisitions and alliances, which could impose restrictions on our business operations and harm our operating results.

We may not be able to fully
realize the expected benefits from the acquisition of USJC and the operation of USJC may subject us to additional risks.

In
October 2019, we closed a transaction to acquire Fujitsu’s interest in Mie Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited, or MIFS. Upon the closure of such transaction, MIFS was later renamed United Semiconductor Japan Corporation LTD., or USJC, and became one
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. There is a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems at USJC and UMC that must be integrated, including accounting and finance, payroll, revenue management, commercial
operations, risk management and employee benefits. We expect to incur significant expenses and costs to complete the integration process which may adversely affect our financial performance. The integration of newly acquired businesses will also
require a significant amount of time and attention from management. Moreover, even if we were able to fully integrate the business operations of USJC successfully, there can be no assurance that this integration will result in the realization of the
full benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies that may be possible from this integration or that these benefits will be achieved within a reasonable period of time. Delays in integrating USJC, which could be
caused by factors outside of our control, could adversely affect the intended benefits of our business, financial results, financial condition and stock price. In addition, the acquisition may subject us to additional operational and financial
risks, including the following:

•   uncertainties in the business relationships with our collaborators and suppliers;

•   loss of customers and uncertainties with continuation of customer relationships previously held by MIFS;

•   additional capital expenditures required to upgrade and operate the new fab;

•   additional costs relating to compliance with rules and regulations in Japan;

13

Table of Contents

•   failure to achieve appropriate manufacturing yields or products to meet our or our customers’
specifications, and problems in ramping production and installing new equipment; and

•   loss of employees or labor issue.

Any of these risks may prevent us from realizing the benefits of the acquisition or reduce our ability to achieve profitability at the fab,
which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Currency fluctuations could increase our costs relative to
our revenues, which could adversely affect our profitability.

More than half of our operating revenues are denominated in
currencies other than New Taiwan dollars, primarily in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, more than half of our costs of direct labor, raw materials and overhead are incurred in New Taiwan dollars. Although historically we hedged a portion of the
resulting net foreign exchange position through the use of foreign exchange spot transactions, or currency forward contracts, we are still affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates among the U.S. dollar, the New Taiwan dollar and other
currencies. Any significant fluctuation in exchange rates may impact on our financial condition and the U.S. dollar value of the ADSs and the U.S. dollar value of any cash dividends we distributed, which could have an adverse effect on the market
price of the ADSs.

Risks Relating to Manufacturing

Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, costly and potentially vulnerable to impurities and other disruptions that can significantly increase our
costs and delay product shipments to our customers.

Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly
equipment and are continuously being modified to improve manufacturing yields and product performance. Impurities or other difficulties in the manufacturing process or defects with respect to equipment or supporting facilities can lower
manufacturing yields, interrupt production or result in losses of products in process. As system complexity has increased and process technology has become more advanced, manufacturing tolerances have been reduced and requirements for precision have
become even more demanding. Although we have been enhancing our manufacturing capabilities and efficiency, from time to time we have experienced production difficulties that have caused delivery delays and quality control problems, as is common in
the semiconductor industry. In the past we have encountered the following problems:

•   capacity constraints due to changes in product mix or the delayed delivery of equipment critical to our
production, including scanners, steppers and chemical stations;

•   construction delays during expansions of our clean rooms and other facilities;

•   difficulties in upgrading or expanding existing facilities;

•   manufacturing execution system or automatic transportation system failure;

•   unexpected breakdowns in our manufacturing equipment and/or related facilities;

•   changing or upgrading our process technologies;

•   raw materials shortages and impurities; and

•   delays in delivery and shortages of spare parts and in maintenance for our equipment and tools.

14

Table of Contents

Should these problems repeat, we may suffer delays in delivery and/or loss of business and
revenues. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our manufacturing capacity and efficiency in the future to the same extent as in the past.

Our profit margin may substantially decline if we are unable to continuously improve our manufacturing yields, maintain high capacity utilization and
optimize the technology mix of our silicon wafer production.

Our ability to maintain our profitability depends, in part, on our
ability to:

•   maintain high capacity utilization, which is defined as the ratio of the wafer-out quantity of 8-inch wafer equivalents divided by our estimated total 8-inch equivalent capacity in a specified period.
The estimated capacity figures may vary depending upon equipment delivery schedules, pace of migration to more advanced processing technologies and other factors affecting production ramp-ups;

•   maintain or improve our manufacturing yields, which is defined as the percentage of usable devices manufactured
on a wafer; and

•   optimize the technology mix of our production by increasing the number of wafers manufactured by utilizing
different processing technologies.

Our manufacturing yields directly affect our ability to attract and retain
customers, as well as the price of our services. Our capacity utilization affects our operating results because a large percentage of our operating costs are fixed. Our technology mix affects utilization of our equipment and process technologies, as
well as the prices we can charge, either of which can affect our margins. If we are unable to continuously improve our manufacturing yields, maintain high capacity utilization or optimize the technology mix of our wafer production, our profit margin
may substantially decline.

We may have difficulty in ramping up production in accordance with our schedule, which could cause delays in product
deliveries and decreases in manufacturing yields.

As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have from time to time
experienced difficulties in ramping up production at new or existing facilities or effecting transitions to new manufacturing processes. As a result, we have suffered delays in product deliveries or reduced manufacturing yields. We may encounter
similar difficulties in connection with:

•   the migration to more advanced process technologies, such as 45/40 and 28-nanometer and more advanced process technology;

•   the joint development with vendors for more powerful tools (both in production and inspection) needed in the
future to meet advanced process technology requirements; and

•   the adoption of new materials in our manufacturing processes.

We may face construction delays, interruptions, infrastructure failure and delays in upgrading or expanding existing facilities, or changing
our process technologies, any of which might adversely affect our production schedule. Our failure to achieve our production schedule could delay the time required to recover our investments and seriously affect our profitability.

Our production schedules could be delayed and we may lose customers if we are unable to obtain raw materials and equipment in a timely manner.

We depend on our suppliers for raw materials. To maintain competitive manufacturing operations, we must obtain from our
suppliers, in a timely manner, sufficient quantities of quality materials at acceptable prices. Although we source our raw materials from several suppliers, a small number of these suppliers account for a substantial amount of our supply of raw
materials because of the consistent quality of their products. For example, in 2016, 2017 and 2018, we purchased a majority of our silicon wafers from four makers, Shin-Etsu Handotai Corporation, or Shin-Etsu, GlobalWafers, Siltronic and Sumco Group
(including Sumco Corporation and Formosa Sumco Technology Corporation). We may have long-term contracts with most of our suppliers if necessary. From time to time, our suppliers have extended lead time or limited the supply of required materials to
us because of capacity constraints. Consequently, from time to time, we have experienced difficulty in obtaining the quantities of raw materials we need on a timely basis.

15

Table of Contents

In addition, from time to time we may reject materials that do not meet our specifications
and quality standards, resulting in declines in output or manufacturing yields. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and other supplies in a timely manner. If the supply of materials is
substantially diminished or if there are significant increases in the costs of raw materials, we may be forced to incur additional costs to acquire sufficient quantities of raw materials to sustain our operations, which may increase our marginal
costs and reduce profitability.

We also depend on a limited number of manufacturers and vendors that make and maintain the complex
equipment we use in our manufacturing processes. We also rely on these manufacturers and vendors to improve our technology to meet our customers’ demands as technology improves. In periods of unpredictable and highly diversified market demand,
the lead time from order to delivery of this equipment can be as long as six to twelve months. If there are delays in the delivery of equipment or in the availability or performance of necessary maintenance, or if there are increases in the cost of
equipment, it could cause us to delay our introduction of new manufacturing capacity or technologies and delay product deliveries, which may result in the loss of customers and revenues.

We may be subject to the risk of loss due to fire because the materials we use in our manufacturing processes are highly flammable.

We use highly flammable materials such as silane and hydrogen in our manufacturing processes and may therefore be subject to the risk of loss
arising from fires. The risk of fire associated with these materials cannot be completely eliminated. We maintain insurance policies to reduce losses caused by fire, including business interruption insurance. However, our insurance coverage is
subject to deductibles and self-insured retention and may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses. If any of our fabs were to be damaged or cease operations as a result of a fire, it would temporarily reduce manufacturing capacity and
reduce revenues.

We and many of our customers and suppliers are vulnerable to natural disasters and other events outside of our control, which may
seriously disrupt our operations.

Most of our assets and many of our customers and suppliers are located in certain parts of
Taiwan. Our operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers are vulnerable to earthquakes, floods, droughts, power losses and similar events that affect the locations of our operations. The occurrence of any of these events could
interrupt our services and cause severe damages to wafers in process, or cause significant business disruptions. For example, in early 2016, we experienced a severe earthquake which adversely affected our wafer manufacturing operations at our 300mm
Fab 12A in Taiwan. Although we had adopted practices in compliance with ISO 22301 business continuity standards which ensured the safety of our employees and minimized supply disruptions resulting from the earthquake and we recovered partially the
losses resulting for this earthquake from our insurance policy, there is no guarantee that our business continuity practices will always be effective. There is also no guarantee that any future damages or business loss from severe natural disasters
will be covered by such insurance, that we will be able to collect from our insurance carriers, should we choose to claim under our insurance policies, or that such coverage will be sufficient. Furthermore, the cost of insurance policies may
increase in the future that will make it more expensive for us to obtain and maintain adequate insurance policies. In addition, our manufacturing facilities have occasionally experienced insufficient power supplies, and our operations have been
disrupted.

Our operations may be delayed or interrupted and our business could suffer if we violate environmental, safety and health, or ESH,
regulations.

The semiconductor manufacturing process requires the use of various gases, chemicals, hazardous materials and other
substances such as solvents and sulfuric acid which may have an impact on the environment. We are always subject to ESH regulations, and a failure to manage the use, storage, transportation, emission, discharge, recycling or disposal of raw
materials or to comply with these ESH regulations could result in (i) regulatory penalties, fines and other legal liabilities, (ii) suspension of production or delays in operation and capacity expansion, (iii) a decrease in our sales,
(iv) an increase in pollution cleaning fees and other operation costs, or (v) damage to our public image, any of which could harm our business. In addition, as ESH regulations are becoming more comprehensive and stringent, we may incur a
greater amount of capital expenditures in technology innovation and materials substitution in order to comply with such regulations, which may adversely affect our results of operations.

16

Table of Contents

Climate change may negatively affect our business.

There is increasing concern that climate change is occurring and may have dramatic effects on human activity without aggressive remediation
steps. A modest change in temperature would result in increased coastal flooding, changing precipitation patterns and increasing risk of extinction for the world’s species. Public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could
result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, which raised stakeholder’s concern and caused several international standards and questionnaires being revised to request enterprises disclosing their climate-related risks and
financial impacts. Consequently, our climate change risk assessment tool was developed and related departments participated in the identification work. Our top three climate change risks in recent five years are identified as “electricity price
rising and imposition of carbon tax caused by energy policy,” “increasing pressure of green investment” and “typhoon influences water supply,” which indicates that the carbon related risks will result in extra cost and have
great influence on our operation.

We have a
state-of-the-art

12-inch
 wafer fab in Singapore. The Singapore government introduced a carbon tax from 2019 onwards, making it the first country in Southeast
Asia to promote this measure. In Taiwan, there are additional
sub-laws
 to the Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act and a revised Renewable Energy Development Act that stipulate fines for greenhouse gas
GHG emissions exceeding the total controlled amount, and either mandatory green electricity certification purchase or payment for inadequate proportion of green electricity use. We have transformed the carbon emissions into potential carbon costs
based on the analysis of the carbon risk scenarios of each fab, and have actively carried out a phased greenhouse gas reduction plan. The measures for the use of clean energy include the reduction of raw materials, setting of high-efficiency
greenhouse gas breakdown equipment, etc., and building solar energy systems. We take an aggressive stance in reducing the impact of carbon emissions and taxes, enhancing its operational competitive advantage.

Disruptions in the international trading environment may seriously decrease our international sales.

A substantial portion of our operating revenues is derived from sales to customers located in countries other than the countries where our
fabs are located. We operated fabs in Taiwan, Singapore, China and we acquired Japan fab in 2019. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we generated approximately 33.9%, 35.0% and 27.9% of our operating revenues, respectively,
from countries other than those where our fabs are located. We expect sales to customers from countries outside of Taiwan, Singapore, China and Japan will continue to represent a significant portion of our operating revenues. The success and
profitability of our international activities depend on certain factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, labor conditions, political stability, tariff, tax laws, import duties, export control and foreign exchange controls of
the countries in which we sell our products, and the political and economic relationships between these countries. As a result, our manufacturing services will continue to be vulnerable to disruptions in the international trading environment,
including adverse changes in foreign government regulations, political unrest and international economic downturns.

These disruptions in
the international trading environment affect the demand for our manufacturing services and change the terms upon which we provide our manufacturing services overseas, which could seriously decrease our international sales.

17

Table of Contents

Political, Economic Regulatory and Legal Risks

We face substantial political risks associated with doing business in Taiwan, particularly due to the tense relationship between the R.O.C. and the
People’s Republic of China, or the PRC, that could negatively affect the value of your investment.

Our principal executive
offices and most of our assets and operations are located in Taiwan. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our common shares and the ADSs may be affected by changes in R.O.C. governmental
policies, taxation, inflation or interest rates and by social instability and diplomatic and social developments in or affecting Taiwan which are outside of our control. Taiwan has a unique international political status. Since 1949, Taiwan and the
Chinese mainland have been separately governed. The PRC claims that it is the sole government in China and that Taiwan is part of China. Although significant economic and cultural relations have been established between the R.O.C. and the PRC in the
past few years, such as the adoption of the Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement and memorandum regarding cross-strait financial supervision, we cannot assure you that relations between the R.O.C. and PRC will not become strained again. For
example, the PRC government has refused to renounce the use of military force to gain control over Taiwan and, in March 2005, passed an Anti-Secession Law that authorized
non-peaceful
 means and other necessary
measures should Taiwan move to gain independence from the PRC. Past developments in relations between the R.O.C. and the PRC have on occasions depressed the market prices of the securities of companies in the R.O.C. Such initiatives and actions are
commonly viewed as having a detrimental effect to reunification efforts between the R.O.C. and the PRC. Relations between the R.O.C. and the PRC and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in Taiwan could materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price and the liquidity of our securities.

The ongoing
legal proceedings with U.S. government and related litigation may adversely affect our business operations and financial conditions.

In November
2018 the Department of Justice of the United States, or DOJ, unsealed an indictment against UMC, Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co., Ltd. or Jinhua, and three individuals, including one current employee and two former employees of UMC, alleging
that UMC and others conspired to steal trade secrets of Micron, and used that information to develop technology that was subsequently transferred to Jinhua. DOJ also filed a civil complaint enjoining the aforementioned defendants from exporting to
the U.S. any products containing DRAM manufactured by us or Jinhua and preventing the defendants from transferring the trade secrets to anyone else. As a result of this DOJ legal proceeding, in September 2019, a shareholder securities class action
law suit was filed in the United States District Court Southern District of New York against us and certain of our senior officials on the count of violation of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule
10b-5

promulgated thereunder.

As a result of the legal proceeding at DOJ and the shareholder litigation, we have incurred significant costs to defend and
respond to these actions, including substantial legal fees, which has adversely affected our results of operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs as these litigations continue, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to
reach a resolution in a timely manner, and a protracted litigation will increase our costs significantly. Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will be able to resolve or settle with DOJ in the litigation, and even if we are able to reach a
settlement, we may be required to pay a substantial sum in fine and/or, which may adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operation. Moreover, the DOJ litigation may negatively impact our reputation and make it more difficult for us
to conduct business operations in the U.S. and China, including loss of customers and increased costs to implement compliance or control measures in response to U.S. government’s inquiries.

Our business depends on the support of the R.O.C. government, and a decrease in this support may decrease our net income.

We, like many R.O.C. technology companies, have benefited from substantial tax incentives provided by the R.O.C. government. Among the
incentives broadly enjoyed by R.O.C. technology companies, various tax benefits granted under Chapter 2 and Article
70-1
 of the Statute for Upgrading Industries expired on December 31, 2009. Despite the
fact that we can still enjoy the tax holidays for the relevant investment plans approved by the R.O.C. tax authority until 2020 under the grandfather clause of the Statute for Upgrading Industries, if more incentives are curtailed or eliminated, our
net income may decrease significantly.

18

Table of Contents

Our future tax obligations may adversely affect our net income.

We operate in various jurisdictions, which involve different tax regimes and application of tax regulations. Applicable taxes for which we
make provisions could increase significantly as a result of changes in applicable tax laws in the countries where we operate. On February 7, 2018, the amendments to the Income Tax Act of the R.O.C. were promulgated with retrospective effect
from January 1, 2018. According to the amendments, the corporate income tax rate is raised from 17% to 20%, and 10% undistributed earnings tax is lowered to 5%. The change of corporate income tax rate could increase our future tax obligation
and have an adverse effect on our net income.

Compliance with laws such as the U.S. Conflict Minerals Law may affect our ability or the ability of
our suppliers to purchase raw materials at an effective cost.

Many industries rely on materials which are subject to regulations
concerning certain minerals sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo, or the DRC, or adjoining countries, including: Sudan; Uganda; Rwanda; Burundi; United Republic of Tanzania; Zambia; Angola; Congo; and Central African Republic. These
minerals are commonly referred to as conflict minerals. Conflict minerals which may be used in our industry or by our suppliers include Columbite-tantalite (derivative of tantalum [Ta]), Cassiterite (derivative of tin [Sn]), gold [Au], Wolframite
(derivative of tungsten [W]), and Cobalt [Co]. Under present U.S. regulations, we and our customers are required to survey and disclose whether our processes or products use or rely on conflict materials. On August 22, 2012, the U.S. SEC
adopted the final rule for disclosing the use of conflict minerals that require companies similar to us to make a report in a type and format similar to Form SD to disclose the use of conflict materials on an annual basis on or prior to May 31
each year. We have filed the conflict mineral disclosure report every year since 2014. In order to comply with the aforementioned rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. SEC, we will continue to verify the relevant information with our vendors
and file the required report but we cannot assure you that we will be able to collect all the information required to comply with such regulations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate supplies of
materials needed in our production from supply chains outside the DRC and adjoining countries. The failure to obtain necessary information or to maintain adequate supplies of materials from supply chains outside the DRC and adjoining countries may
delay our production, increasing the risk of losing customers and business.

Similarly, many jurisdictions have promulgated regulations
with the intention to deter human rights violations within supply chains. Possible violation by our suppliers may not be known to us and beyond our control. While we believe our suppliers comply with applicable human rights requirements, there can
be no guarantee that they will continue to do so, or that we will be able to obtain the necessary information on their activities to comply with whatever future requirements may be enacted.

Cyberattacks and data security breaches may adversely affect our operations.

Our operations depend upon reliable and uninterrupted information technology services, including the integrity of our
web-based
 and electronic customer service systems. Although we have implemented what we believe are reasonable precautions to prevent accidental and/or malicious disruption of these services, there can be no
assurance that our preventive measures will preclude failure of the information technology,
web-based
 and electronic customer service systems upon which our business depends. Disruption of these systems could
adversely affect our ability to operate our business and to serve our customers.

In addition, in the course of our operations, we receive
confidential information from and about our customers, vendors, partners and employees. Although we take what we believe are reasonable precautions to protect such information from disclosure to or interruption, there are no guarantees our
precautions will prevent accidental or malicious access to such information. In the event of such unauthorized access, our reputation could be adversely affected, customers and others may not entrust us with their confidential information, which
would negatively affect our operations, and we may incur costs to remedy the breach. Furthermore, the loss of confidential information of third parties may result in legal claims against us, in which case we will incur additional costs and expenses
to defend such litigation.

19

Table of Contents

Moreover, many jurisdictions have proposed stringent regulations concerning data privacy,
and such regulations may impose additional legal requirements that make our operations more expensive and/or less efficient. In addition, should we experience a breakdown in our systems or failure in our precautions that results in a violation of
such regulations, we may suffer adverse customer reaction and face governmental penalties.

Intellectual property disputes could result in lengthy
and costly arbitration, litigation or licensing expenses or prevent us from providing services to customers.

As is typical in the
semiconductor industry, we or our customers may receive claims of infringement from time to time or otherwise become aware of potentially relevant patents or other intellectual property rights held by other parties that may cover some of our
technology, products and services or those of our end customers. The semiconductor industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights which has resulted in protracted and expensive arbitration and litigation
for many companies.

Any litigation or arbitration regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time consuming and
could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. We have in the past and may from time to time in the future become involved in litigation that requires our management to commit significant resources and time.

Because of the complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of litigation generally, any intellectual property arbitration or
litigation involves significant risks. Any claim of intellectual property infringement against us may require us to:

•   incur substantial legal and personnel expenses to defend the claims or to negotiate for a settlement of claims;

•   pay substantial damages or settlement to the party claiming infringement;

•   refrain from further development or sale of our products;

•   enter into costly royalty or license agreements that might not be available on commercially reasonable terms or
at all;

•   cross-license our technology with a competitor to resolve an infringement claim, which could weaken our ability
to compete with that competitor;

•   indemnify our distributors, end customers, licensees and others from the costs of and damages of infringement
claims; and

•   curtail or modify our operations in response to regulatory inquiries relating to the alleged infringement, which
may result in additional costs and expenses.

Any intellectual property claim or litigation could harm our business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

Risks Related to the Common Shares and ADSs and Our Trading Markets

Restrictions on the ability to deposit common shares into our ADS program may adversely affect the liquidity and price of the ADSs.

The ability to deposit common shares into our ADS program is restricted by R.O.C. law. Under current R.O.C. law, no person or entity,
including you and us, may deposit common shares into our ADS program without specific approval of the R.O.C. FSC except for the deposit of the common shares into our ADS program and for the issuance of additional ADSs in connection with:

(A)   distribution of share dividends or free distribution of our common shares;

20

Table of Contents

(B)   exercise of the preemptive rights of ADS holders applicable to the common shares evidenced by ADSs in the event
of capital increases for cash; or

(C)   delivery of our common shares which are purchased in the domestic market in Taiwan directly by the investor or
through the depositary or are already in the possession of the investor to the custodian for deposit into our ADS program, subject to the following conditions: (a) the re-issuance is permitted under the
deposit agreement and custody agreement, (b) the depositary may accept deposit of those common shares and issue the corresponding number of ADSs with regard to such deposit only if the total number of ADSs outstanding after the issuance does
not exceed the number of ADSs previously approved by the R.O.C. FSC, plus any ADSs issued pursuant to the events described in (A) and (B) above and (c) this deposit may only be made to the extent previously issued ADSs have been withdrawn.

As a result of the limited ability to deposit common shares into our ADS program, the prevailing market price of our
ADSs on the NYSE may differ from the prevailing market price of the equivalent number of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.

Holders of
our ADSs will not have the same proposal or voting rights as the holders of our common shares, which may affect the value of your investment.

Except for treasury common shares and common shares held by our subsidiaries which meet certain criteria provided under the R.O.C. Company
Act, each common share is generally entitled to one vote and no voting discount will be applied. However, except as described in this annual report and in the deposit agreement, holders of our ADSs will not be able to exercise voting rights attached
to the common shares evidenced by our ADSs on an individual basis. Holders of our ADSs will appoint the depositary or its nominee as their representative to exercise the voting rights attached to the common shares represented by the ADSs. The voting
rights attached to the common shares evidenced by our ADSs must be exercised as to all matters brought to a vote of stockholders collectively in the same manner.

Moreover, holders of the ADSs do not have individual rights to propose any matter for stockholders’ votes at our stockholders’
meetings. However, holders of at least 51% of the ADS outstanding at the relevant record date may request the depositary to submit to us one proposal per year for consideration at our annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting, provided that such
proposal meets certain submission criteria and limitations, including the language and the length of the proposal, the time of submission, the required certification or undertakings, and the attendance at the annual ordinary stockholders’
meeting. However, if the proposal submitted by the depositary does not qualify, we have no obligation to allow the depositary to modify such proposal.

Furthermore, if holders of at least 51% of the ADSs outstanding at the relevant record date instruct the depositary to vote in the same manner
regarding a resolution, including election of directors, the depositary will appoint our Chairman, or his designee, to represent the ADS holders at the stockholders’ meetings and to vote the common shares represented by the ADSs outstanding in
the manner so instructed. If by the relevant record date, the depositary has not received instructions from holders of ADSs holding at least 51% of the ADSs to vote in the same manner for any resolution, then the holders will be deemed to have
instructed the depositary to authorize and appoint our Chairman, or his designee, to vote all the common shares represented by ADSs at his sole discretion, which may not be in your interest. As a result of these rules and restrictions, holders of
ADSs have limited ability to vote or be represented with respect to any actions to be taken by stockholders of the Company.

The rights of holders
of our ADSs to participate in our rights offerings may be limited, which may cause dilution to their holdings.

We may from time
to time distribute rights to our stockholders, including rights to acquire our securities. Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not offer those rights to ADS holders unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed
to ADS holders are either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or underlying securities or to endeavor
to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective. Accordingly, holders of our ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in their holdings.

21

Table of Contents

Changes in exchange controls that restrict your ability to convert proceeds received from your
ownership of ADSs may have an adverse effect on the value of your investment.

Your ability to convert proceeds received from your
ownership of ADSs depends on existing and future exchange control regulations of the Republic of China. Under the current laws of the Republic of China, an ADS holder or the depositary, without obtaining further approvals from the R.O.C. Central
Bank of China, or the CBC, or any other governmental authority or agency of the Republic of China, may convert NT dollars into other currencies, including U.S. dollars, in respect of:

•   the proceeds of the sale of common shares represented by ADSs or received as share dividends with respect to the
common shares and deposited into the depositary receipt facility; and

•   any cash dividends or distributions received from the common shares represented by ADSs.

In addition, the depositary may also convert into NT dollars incoming payments for purchases of common shares for deposit in the depositary
receipt facility against the creation of additional ADSs. If you withdraw the common shares underlying your ADSs and become a holder of our common shares, you may convert into NT dollars subscription payments for rights offerings. The depositary may
be required to obtain foreign exchange approval from the CBC on a
payment-by-payment
 basis for conversion from NT dollars into foreign currencies of the proceeds from
the sale of subscription rights of new common shares. Although it is expected that the CBC will grant approval as a routine matter, required approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all.

Under the Republic of China Foreign Exchange Control Law, the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China may, without prior notice but subject to
subsequent legislative approval, impose foreign exchange controls or other restrictions in the event of, among other things, a material change in international economic conditions.

Our public stockholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than they would as stockholders of a U.S. corporation.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and bylaws governing R.O.C. corporations. The rights of our stockholders
to bring stockholders’ suits against us or our board of directors under R.O.C. law are much more limited than those of the stockholders of U.S. corporations. Therefore, our public stockholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests
in connection with actions taken by our management, members of our board of directors or controlling stockholders than they would as stockholders of a U.S. corporation. Please refer to “Item 10. Additional Information—B. Memorandum and
Articles of Association—Rights to Bring Stockholders’ Suits” included elsewhere in this annual report for a detailed discussion of the rights of our stockholders to bring legal actions against us or our directors under R.O.C. law.

Holders of our ADSs will be required to appoint several local agents in Taiwan if they withdraw common shares from our ADS program and become our
stockholders, which may make ownership burdensome.

Non-R.O.C.
 persons wishing to withdraw
common shares represented by their ADSs from our ADS program and hold our common shares represented by those ADSs are required to, among other things, appoint a local agent or representative with qualifications set forth by the applicable R.O.C.
laws and regulations to open a securities trading account with a local brokerage firm, pay R.O.C. taxes, remit funds and exercise stockholders’ rights. In addition, the withdrawing holders are also required to appoint a custodian bank or a
securities firm with qualifications set forth by the R.O.C. FSC to hold the securities in safekeeping, make confirmations, settle trades and report all relevant information, in which the securities firm is appointed as the custodian, the payments
shall be held in safekeeping in a special account opened in a bank approved by the R.O.C. FSC. Without making this appointment and opening of the accounts, the withdrawing holders would not be able to subsequently sell our common shares withdrawn
from a depositary receipt facility on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Under R.O.C. law and regulations, except under limited circumstances, PRC persons are not permitted to withdraw the common shares underlying the ADSs or to register as a stockholder of
our company. Under the Regulations Governing Securities Investment and Futures Trading in Taiwan by Mainland Area Investors promulgated by the R.O.C. Executive Yuan on April 30, 2009, as amended, only qualified domestic institutional investors,
or QDIIs and limited entities or individuals, are permitted to withdraw the common shares underlying the ADSs, subject to compliance with the withdrawal relevant requirements, and only QDIIs, and limited entities or individuals who meet the
qualification requirements set forth therein are permitted to own common shares of an R.O.C. company listed for trading on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or the Taipei Exchange, provided that among other restrictions generally applicable to investments
made by PRC persons, their shareholdings are subject to certain restrictions as set forth in the abovementioned regulations and that such mainland area investors shall apply for a separate approval if their investment, individually or in aggregate,
amounts to or exceeds 10 percent of the common shares of any R.O.C. listed company.

22

Table of Contents

You may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court in the R.O.C.

We are a company limited by shares incorporated under the R.O.C. Company Act. Most of our assets and most of our directors, executive officers
and experts named in the registration statement are located in Taiwan. As a result, it may be difficult for you to enforce judgments obtained outside Taiwan upon us or such persons in Taiwan. We have been advised by our R.O.C. counsel that any
judgment obtained against us in any court outside the R.O.C. arising out of or relating to the ADSs will not be enforced by R.O.C. courts if any of the following situations shall apply to such final judgment:

•   the court rendering the judgment does not have jurisdiction over the subject matter according to R.O.C. law;

•   the judgment or the court procedure resulting in the judgment is contrary to the public order or good morals of
the R.O.C.;

•   the judgment was rendered by default, except where the summons or order necessary for the commencement of the
action was legally served on us within the jurisdiction of the court rendering the judgment within a reasonable period of time or with judicial assistance of the R.O.C.; or

•   judgments of the R.O.C. courts are not recognized in the jurisdiction of the court rendering the judgment on a
reciprocal basis.

We may be considered a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income
tax consequences for U.S. investors.

We do not believe that we were a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for 2019 and
we do not expect to become one in the future, although there can be no assurance in this regard. Characterization as a PFIC could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to you if you are a U.S. investor.

For example, if we are a PFIC, our U.S. investors may become subject to increased tax liabilities under U.S. federal income tax laws and
regulations and will become subject to burdensome reporting requirements. The determination of whether or not we are a PFIC is made on an annual basis and will depend on the composition of our income and assets from time to time. Specifically, for
any taxable year we will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if either (i) 75% or more of our gross income in a taxable year is passive income or (ii) the average percentage of our assets (which includes cash) by value
in a taxable year which produce or are held for the production of passive income is at least 50%. The calculation of the value of our assets will be based, in part, on the quarterly market value of common shares and ADSs, which is subject to change.
See “Taxation—U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations For U.S. Persons—Passive Foreign Investment Company.”

23

Table of Contents

The trading price of the common shares and ADSs may be adversely affected by the general activities of
the Taiwan Stock Exchange and U.S. stock exchanges, the trading price of our common shares, increases in interest rates and the economic performance of Taiwan.

Our common shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. The trading price of our ADSs may be affected by the trading price of our common
shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and the economic performance of Taiwan. The Taiwan Stock Exchange is smaller and, as a market, more volatile than the securities markets in the United States and some European countries. The Taiwan Stock Exchange
has experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices and volumes of sales of listed securities, and there are currently limits on the range of daily price movements on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. The Taiwan Stock Exchange is particularly volatile
during times of political instability, such as when the relationship between Taiwan and the PRC becomes tense. Moreover, the Taiwan Stock Exchange has experienced disturbance caused by market manipulation, insider trading and payment defaults, and
the government of Taiwan has from time to time intervened in the stock market by purchasing stocks listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. The recurrence of these or similar events could deteriorate the price and liquidity of our common shares and
ADSs.

The market price of the ADSs may also be affected by general trading activities on the U.S. stock exchanges, which recently have
experienced significant volatility with respect to trading prices of technology companies. Fluctuation in interest rates and other general economic conditions may also influence the market price of the ADSs.

ITEM 4   INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

A.   History and Development of the Company

Our legal and commercial name is United Microelectronics Corporation, commonly known as “UMC”. We were incorporated under the R.O.C.
Company Law as a company limited by shares in May 1980 and our common shares were listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in 1985. Our principal executive office is located at No. 3
Li-Hsin
 Road II, Hsinchu
Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan, Republic of China, and our telephone number is
886-3-578-2258.
 Our Internet website address is

www.umc.com
. The information on our website does not form part of this annual report. Our ADSs have been listed on the NYSE under the symbol “UMC” since September 19, 2000. In 2019, we were ranked among the top 5% of companies
for a fifth consecutive year in the Corporate Governance Evaluation conducted by the Taiwan Stock Exchange and Taipei Exchange. The assessment was conducted across over 1,400 public companies in Taiwan.

We are one of the world’s largest independent semiconductor foundries and a leader in semiconductor manufacturing process technologies.
Our primary business is the manufacture, or “fabrication”, of semiconductors, sometimes called “chips” or “integrated circuits”, for others. Using our own proprietary processes and techniques, we make chips to the
design specifications of our many customers. Our company maintains a diversified customer base across industries, including communication devices, consumer electronics, computer, and others, while continuing to focus on manufacturing for high
growth, large volume applications, including networking, telecommunications, internet, multimedia, PCs and graphics. We sell and market mainly wafers which in turn are used in a number of different applications by our customers. The following table
presented the percentages of our wafer sales by application for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019.

Years Ended December 31,
Application   2017   2018   2019
%   %   %
Communication   48.6   45.2   52.2
Consumer   29.4   28.6   26.4
Computer   13.1   16.3   13.6
Others   8.9   9.9   7.8
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

24

Table of Contents

We focus on the development of leading mass-producible manufacturing process technologies.
We were among the first in the foundry industry to enter into commercial operation with such advanced capabilities as producing integrated circuits with line widths of 0.25, 0.18, 0.15, 0.13 micron and 90, 65/55, 45/40, 28 and 14 nanometer. Advanced
technologies have enabled electronic products, especially in relation to communication, consumer and computer products, to integrate their functions in new and innovative methods. Networking capabilities have allowed electronic products such as
computers, tablets, cell phones, televisions,
set-top
 boxes and wearable devices to communicate with each other to exchange information. More powerful semiconductors are required to drive multimedia functions
(e.g., processing visual data) and to resolve network bandwidth issues. At the same time, the trend towards portable personal electronic devices have resulted in products that are becoming physically smaller and consume less power. Process
technology must also shrink the volumes of products aggressively to cater to this trend of integrating multiple functions, reducing the size of components needed for operation and lowering IC power consumption. Dedicated semiconductor foundries need
to achieve this process improvement and at the same time develop multiple process technologies to satisfy the varying needs of communication, consumer and computer products. We believe our superior process technologies will enable us to continue to
offer our customers significant performance benefits for their products, faster
time-to-market
 production, cost savings and other competitive advantages.

We provide high quality service based on our performance. In today’s marketplace, we believe it is important to make available not only
the most manufacturable processes, but also the best solutions to enable customers to design integrated circuits that include entire systems on a chip. Through these efforts, we intend to be the foundry solution for SoC customer needs. To achieve
this goal, we believe it is necessary to timely develop and offer the IP and design support that customers need to ensure their specific design blocks work with the other design blocks of the integrated circuit system in the manner intended.
Accordingly, we have a dedicated IP and design support team which focuses on timely development of the IP and process specific design blocks our customers need in order to develop products that operate and perform as intended. Our design service
team actively cooperates with our customers and vendors of cell libraries and IP offerings to identify, early in the product/market cycle, the offerings needed to ensure that these coordinated offerings are available to our customers in silicon
verified form in a streamlined and
easy-to-use
 manner. As a result, we are able to ensure the timely delivery of service offerings from the earliest time in the customer
design cycle, resulting in a shorter
time-to-volume
 production. We also provide our customers with real-time online access to their confidential production data,
resulting in superior communication and efficiency. We further address our customers’ needs using our advanced technology and proven methodology to achieve fast cycle time, high yield, production flexibility and close customer communication.
For example, we select and configure our clean rooms and equipment and develop our processes to maximize the flexibility in meeting and adapting to rapidly changing customer and industry needs. As a result, our cycle time, or the period from
customer order to wafer delivery, and our responsiveness to customer request changes are among the fastest in the dedicated foundry industry. We also provide high quality service and engineering infrastructure.

Our production capacity is comparable to that of certain largest companies in the semiconductor industry, and we believe our leading
technology and high volume capability is a major competitive advantage.

Our technology and service have attracted two principal types of
foundry industry customers: fabless design companies and integrated device manufacturers. Fabless design companies design, develop and distribute proprietary semiconductor products but do not maintain internal manufacturing capacity. Instead, these
companies depend on outside manufacturing sources. Integrated device manufacturers, in contrast, traditionally have integrated internally all functions—manufacturing as well as design, development, sales and distribution.

Our primary customers, in terms of our sales revenues, include premier integrated device manufacturers, such as Texas Instruments and Intel
Mobile, plus leading fabless design companies, such as Broadcom, MediaTek, Realtek, Qualcomm and Novatek. In 2019, our company’s top ten customers accounted for 51.3% of our operating revenues. We believe our success in attracting these
customers is a direct result of our commitment to high quality service and our intense focus on customer needs and performance.

25

Table of Contents

On August 29, 2014, we and Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited, or Fujitsu, announced an
agreement where we invested ¥5 billion as an initial investment and received approximately 9.3% of the issued and outstanding share capital to become a minority shareholder of a newly formed subsidiary of Fujitsu named Mie Fujitsu
Semiconductor Limited, or MIFS, which will operate a 300mm wafer manufacturing facility located in Kuwana, Mie, Japan. On December 16, 2015, our board has further approved the acquisition of additional newly issued shares of MIFS with an
aggregate investment amount of NT$1.36 billion, which increased our ownership interest in MIFS to approximately 15.9%. Through this relationship with us, MIFS was able to expand its business globally as a pure-play foundry company by
strengthening its production and development capacity in a cost competitive manner. On June 29, 2018, our board approved the acquisition of the remaining 84.1% in MIFS from Fujitsu and the transaction was completed on October 1, 2019 at a
consideration of JPY¥54.4 billion. Upon completion of the transaction, MIFS became one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and was renamed as United Semiconductor Japan Corporation, or USJC. We believe the acquisition of USJC aligns with our
growth strategy which prioritizes on differentiating process technologies to fulfill the growing market demand across logic and specialty markets. Currently, the 300mm fab based in Japan provides a capacity of approximately 33,000 per month,
specializing in the manufacturing of 90nm, 65nm and 40nm products.

On October 9, 2014, our board of directors approved an agreement
with the Xiamen Municipal People’s Government and Fujian Electronics & Information Group to found a new company named United Semiconductor (Xiamen) Co., Ltd., or USCXM, based in Xiamen, Fujian Province, China that will focus on
12-inch
 wafer foundry services. We anticipate that we may invest up to US$1.35 billion in USCXM over the next five years, with our investment starting in 2015 that will be deployed in installments based on the
progress of this company. USCXM will manufacture
12-inch
 wafers and initially offer 40 nanometer and 55 nanometer process technologies. Our participation in USCXM has complied and will continue to comply with
R.O.C. rules and regulations and will continue to be subject to the review and approval by the relevant R.O.C. authorities. We have obtained the initial investment approval from the R.O.C. government on December 31, 2014 with
US$300 million invested by HJ (Hejian Technology Suzhou) and US$450 million by UMC. The initial groundbreaking event of USCXM took place in March 2015 and the grand opening ceremony took place in November 2016. We have further obtained
investment approval from the R.O.C. government in November 2017 in connection with US$600 million for capital injection into USCXM and the mentioned amount was invested in September 2018. USCXM had successfully realized commercial mass
production by the end of 2016 and it has carried out production on both 40nm and 28nm technology nodes in 2017. On February 11, 2020, our subsidiary HeJian Technology’s board of directors approved to invest US$500 millon to USCXM, based in
Xiamen China, over the next few years. Our participation in USCXM will comply with R.O.C. rules and regulations and will be subject to the review and approval by the relevant R.O.C. authorities. USCXM has continued to increase its capacity to
fulfill requirements from worldwide customers, including those from domestic fabless companies in China. We expect to continue to expand our worldwide foundry presence by tapping into the high growth semiconductor market in China, and to increase
our exposure to the semiconductor supply chain in China while mitigating geographical risks, which allows us to be closer to our customers in China, which, in turn, enables us to provide better services, increases our manufacturing scale and
stimulates revenue growth.

On December 24, 2014, we transferred our
6-inch
 fabrication
plant, or Fab 6A, including machinery equipment and building facilities to our subsidiary, Wavetek Microelectronics Corporation, or Wavetek, in order to further satisfy customer needs in the fast growing GaAs market and to improve the
6-inch
 fabrication operational efficiency among our group by fully utilizing the existing assets and resources. In April 2015, Wavetek had successfully entered into the silicon-based CMOS foundry business after it
had fully acquired our
6-inch
 Fab 6A fixed assets and production lines. As of March 31, 2020, our shareholdings in Wavetek was approximately 81.58%, making us its largest shareholder.

On December 31, 2018, we acquired the remaining equity interest in Best Elite International Limited, a British Virgin Islands
corporation, or Best Elite, and our cumulative ownership in Best Elite became 100% as a result.

Please refer to “Item 5. Operating
and Financial Review and
Prospects-B.
 Liquidity and Capital Resources” for a discussion of our capital expenditures in the past three years and the plan for the current year.

26

Table of Contents

On April 25, 2018, to further integrate the resources pursuant to our group wise
investment strategy, our board and the board of our subsidiaries, Fortune Venture Capital Corp. or FORTUNE, and UMC New Business Investment Corp., or NBI, resolved an organizational restructure plan, under which NBI will be merged into FORTUNE.
FORTUNE is the surviving company and assumes all the assets and liabilities from NBI when the merger became effective on July 1, 2018.

On October 30, 2019, FORTUNE made a
one-time
 private placement investment in Taiwan Semiconductor
Company by paying a consideration of approximately NT$300 million for the purchase of 6,741,000 shares in Taiwan Semiconductor Company at a unit price NT$44.50.

On June 29, 2018, our board approved the proposed application with the China Securities Regulatory Commission for our mainland operations
to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. HeJian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. or HJ, our currently 99.9985%-owned subsidiary, will represent our to be listed China businesses, which are comprised of HJ’s 8” fab in Suzhou, USCXM and its
12” fab in Xiamen and Shandong-based UDS, which provides IC design support services. On March 22, 2019, HJ completed the submission process for
A-Share
 listing application materials. However, on
July 22, 2019, we and HJ announced to suspend the listing application given that limited consensus on the application was achieved among us and the relevant PRC regulators. We do not expect the suspension will have any material impact on our
operations or financial performance. We will continue to leverage our strong roots in Taiwan with global diversification and will continue to seek proper financing opportunities in the future.

Our Strategy

To maintain and enhance our
position as a market leader, we have adopted a business strategy with a focus on a partnership business model designed to accommodate our customers’ business needs and objectives and to promote their interests as our partners. We believe that
our success and profitability are inseparable from the success of our customers. The goal in this business model is to create a network of partnerships or alliances among integrated device manufacturers, IP and design houses, as well as foundry
companies. We believe that we and our partners will benefit from the synergy generated through such long-term partnerships or alliances and the added value to be shared among the partners. The key elements of our strategy are:

Operate as a Customer-Driven Foundry
. We plan to operate as a customer-driven foundry. The increasing complexity of 40
nanometer, 28 nanometer, and more advanced technologies has impacted the entire chip industry, as ICs can now be designed with greater gate density and higher performance while incorporating the functions of an entire system. These advanced designs
have created a new proliferating market of advanced digital devices such as smart phones, which have decreased in size but greatly increased in functionality. We collaborate closely with our customers as well as partners throughout the entire supply
chain, including equipment, electronic design automation tool and IP vendors to work synergistically toward each customer’s SoC solution. We also possess experience and
know-how
 in system design and
architecture to integrate customer designs with advanced process technologies and IP. We believe the result is a higher rate of first-pass silicon success for our SoC solutions. Our customer-driven foundry solutions begin with a common logic-based
platform, where designers can choose the process technologies and transistor options that best fit their specific application. From there, technologies such as radio frequency complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor, or RF CMOS, and embedded Flash
memories can be used to further fine-tune the process for customers’ individual needs. Furthermore, as IP has become critical resources for SoCs, our portfolio includes basic design building blocks as well as more complex IP of optimized
portability and cost, developed both internally and by third-party partners. With advanced technology, a broad IP portfolio, system knowledge and advanced
300-millimeter
 manufacturing, we offer comprehensive
solutions that help customers deliver successful results in a timely fashion.

Build up Customer-focused Partnership Business
Model
. We have focused on building partnership relationships with our customers, and we strive to help our customers achieve their objectives through close cooperation. Unlike the traditional
buy-and-sell
 relationship between a foundry and its customers, we believe our partnership business model will help us understand our customers’ requirements and, accordingly, better accommodate our
customers’ needs in a number of ways, such as customized processes and services that optimize the entire value chain (not just the foundry portion) and IP-related support. We believe that this business model will enable us to deliver our
products to our customers at the earliest time our customers require for their design cycle, resulting in shorter
time-to-market
 and
time-to-volume
 production. Furthermore, we believe we will render more cost-effective services by focusing our research and development expenditures on the specific requirements of our customers. We believe
our partnership business model will help us not only survive a market downturn, but also achieve a better competitive position.

27

Table of Contents

Continue to Focus on High Growth Applications and Customers and Actively Explore New
Market Opportunities
. We believe one measure of a successful foundry company is the quality of its customers. We focus our sales and marketing on customers who are established or emerging leaders in industries with high growth potential. Our
customers include industry leaders such as Broadcom, MediaTek, Realtek, Texas Instruments and Qualcomm. We seek to maintain and expand our relationships with these companies. We strive to demonstrate to these customers the superiority and
flexibility of our manufacturing, technology and service capabilities and to provide them with production and design assistance. We are also making efforts to further diversify our customer portfolio in order to maintain a balanced exposure to
different applications and different customers. We believe these efforts strengthen our relationships with our customers and enhance our reputation in the semiconductor industry as a leading foundry service provider.

In addition to customer diversification, we have also been actively exploring new market opportunities in consumer electronics such as
Internet of Things.

Maintain Our Leading Position in Mass-Producible Semiconductor Technology and Selectively Pursue Strategic
Investments in New Technologies
. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our leadership in mass-producible semiconductor manufacturing technology is critical to attract and retain customers. Our reputation for technological excellence has
attracted both established and emerging leaders in the semiconductor industries who work closely with us on technology development. In addition, we believe our superior processing expertise has enabled us to provide flexible production schedules to
meet our customers’ particular needs. We plan to continue enhancing capital expenditures in research and development and building internal research and development expertise, to focus on process development and to establish alliances with
leading and specialty semiconductor companies to accelerate access to next-generation and specialized technologies. For example, with our continuous technology development efforts and capital investment, in 2016, revenue derived from
28-nanometer
 technology had significantly increased from 2015. We believe our progress in developing more advanced process technologies has benefited our customers in the fields of computers, communications,
consumer electronics and others with special preferences in certain aspects of the products, such as the ultimate performance, density and power consumption.

Moreover, we expect to strengthen our leading position and increase our market share by licensing our technologies to several corporate
partners. For example, in 2014, we licensed to MIFS, which is a pure-play foundry company, our advanced 40 nanometer technology under a technology transfer and license agreement. On October 1, 2019, MIFS, which was renamed as USJC, became one
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries through the acquisition of equity interest. We will continue to explore licensing opportunities based on our comprehensive technology offerings to further drive our revenue. In addition, we also entered into an
agreement with the Xiamen Municipal People’s Government and Fujian Electronics & Information Group in 2014 in connection with the newly established USCXM located in Xiamen, Fujian Province, China, which is focusing on the manufacturing
of
12-inch
 wafers with initial offering of 40 nanometer and 55 nanometer process technologies. In April 2017, we entered into a license agreement with USCXM to provide 28 nanometer process technologies aimed
to further strengthen the wafer manufacturing capabilities of our subsidiary company.

We also recognize that every company has limited
resources and that the foundry industry is ever-evolving. Accordingly, we believe we should invest in new research and development technology intelligently and in a cost-effective manner to achieve the ultimate output of the resulting technology. In
doing so, we balance the rate of return of our research and development with the importance of developing a technology at the right time to enhance our competitive edge without unduly diluting our profitability. We intend to avoid investments in
technologies that do not present a commercial potential for volume production. We believe that to develop the earliest and most advanced semiconductor technology without regard to its potential for near term volume production may prove costly to our
operations and would not strengthen our competitive position. We perceive a benefit to defer investment in the premature equipment needed to claim the earliest advanced technology and instead to purchase a more advanced and less expensive version of
equipment from vendors who design such equipment based on
pre-production
 lessons learned from the earliest technology.

28

Table of Contents

Maintain Scale and Capacity Capabilities to Meet Customer Requirements, with a Focus
on
12-inch
 Wafer Facilities for Future Expansion
. We believe that maintaining our foundry capacity with advanced technology and facilities is critical to the maintenance of our industry leadership. Our
production capacity is currently among the largest of all semiconductor foundries in the world. We intend to increase our
12-inch
 wafer production capacity to meet the needs of our customers and to fully
capitalize on the expected growth of our industry. We expect our future capacity expansion plans will focus on
12-inch
 wafer facilities in order to maintain our technology leadership.
12-inch
 wafers offer manufacturing advantages over
8-inch
 wafers due to, among other reasons, the greater number of chips on each wafer and the advantages only offered on
newer
12-inch
 capable equipment. In addition,
12-inch
 wafer facilities present a more cost-effective solution in achieving an economic scale of production. We intend to
carefully monitor current market conditions in order to optimize the timing of our capital spending. We also plan to continue to expand our capacity and capabilities to meet customer requirements in different markets and expand our global presence
by making strategic investments in other companies. For example, in 2014, we invested in MIFS in Japan with Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited and in USCXM in China with the Xiamen Municipal People’s Government and Fujian Electronics &
Information Group that focus on manufacturing semiconductors using
12-inch
 wafers. These investments enable us to achieve a greater economy of scale with respect to 300mm wafer operations for advanced node
process technologies. We also licensed our advanced technologies to these invested companies in order to provide feasible technology solutions to fulfill their needs. On October 1, 2019, we acquired all the remaining equity interest in MIFS
from Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited. As such, MIFS became one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and was renamed as USJC.

B.   Business Overview

Manufacturing Facilities

To maintain a
leading position in the foundry business, we have placed great emphasis on achieving and maintaining a high standard of manufacturing quality. As a result, we seek to design and implement manufacturing processes that produce consistent, high
manufacturing yields to enable our customers to estimate, with reasonable certainty, how many wafers they need to order from us. In addition, we continuously seek to enhance our production capacity and process technology, two important factors that
characterize a foundry’s manufacturing capability. Our large production capacity and advanced process technologies enable us to provide our customers with volume production and flexible and
quick-to-market
 manufacturing services. All of our fabs operate 24 hours per day, seven days per week. Substantially all maintenance at each of the fabs is performed concurrently with production.

As a step in our continuing expansion of our manufacturing complex in the Tainan Science Park in southern Taiwan, we completed the
construction of our second 300mm fab in Taiwan in May 2009, and moved the equipment into this fab in July 2010.

The following table sets
forth operational data of each of our manufacturing facilities as of December 31, 2019.

Wavetek   Fab 8A   Fab 8C   Fab 8D   Fab 8E   Fab 8F   Fab 8S   Fab 8N   Fab 12A   Fab 12i   Fab 12X   Fab 12M
Commencement of volume production   1989   1995   1998   2000   1998   2000   2000   2003   2002   2004   2016   2005
Estimated full capacity (1) (2)   31,000   69,000   36,850   30,000   37,000   36,500   31,100   74,500   83,400   51,640   17,000   32,600
wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month   wafers per month
Wafer size   6-inch   8-inch   8-inch   8-inch   8-inch   8-inch   8-inch   8-inch   12-inch   12-inch   12-inch   12-inch
(150mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (200mm)   (300mm)   (300mm)   (300mm)   (300mm)

(1)   Measured in stated wafer size.

(2)   The capacity of a fab is determined based on the capacity ratings given by manufacturers of the equipment used
in the fab, adjusted for, among other factors, actual output during uninterrupted trial runs, expected down time due to set up for production runs and maintenance and expected product mix.

29

Table of Contents

Our fabs are located in the R.O.C., Singapore, PRC and Japan. The following table sets forth
the size and primary use of our facilities and whether such facilities, including land and buildings, are owned or leased. The land in the Hsinchu and Tainan Science Parks is leased from the R.O.C. government. The land in the Pasir Ris is leased
from statutory boards of the Singapore government. The land in the Suzhou Industrial Park and Xiang’an District is leased from the PRC government.

Location   Size (Land/Building)   Primary Use   Land (Owned or Leased)   Building (Owned or Leased)
(in square meters)
Fab 8A, 3, 5 Li-Hsin 2nd Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30078, R.O.C.   43,130 / 83,699   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in December 2033)   Owned
Fab 8C & Fab 8D, 6, 8 Li-Hsin 3rd Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30078, R.O.C.   33,784/100,609   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in December 2033)   Owned
Fab 8E, 17 Li-Hsin Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30078, R.O.C.   35,779 / 76,315   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in February 2036)   Owned
Fab 8F, 3 Li-Hsin 6th Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30078, R.O.C.   23,774 / 65,736   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in February 2038)   Owned
Fab 8S, 16 Creation 1st Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30077, R.O.C.   20,365 / 65,614   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in December 2023)   Owned
Fab 8N, 333, Xinghua St., Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province 215025, PRC   215,621 /100,908   8-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in December 2052)   Owned
Fab 12A, 18, 20 Nan-Ke 2nd Rd., & 57, Nan-ke 3rd Rd., Tainan Science Park, Sinshih Tainan, Taiwan 74147, R.O.C.   243,250 / 633,904   12-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in November 2034)   Owned
Fab 12i, 3 Pasir Ris Drive 12 Singapore 519528   84,836 / 146,323   12-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in March 2031)   Owned
Fab 12X, 899 Wan Jia Chun Road, Xiang’an District, Xiamen, PRC   254,698 / 348,537   12-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in January 2065)   Owned
Fab 12M, 2000, Mizono, Tado-cho, Kuwana, Mie, 511-0118, Japan   307,293 / 151,693   12-inch wafer production   Owned   Owned
United Tower, 3 Li-Hsin 2nd Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30078, R.O.C.   8,985 / 85,224   Administration office   Leased (expires in December 2033)   Owned
Neihu Rd. office, 8F, 68. Sec. 1, Neihu Rd., Taipei, Taiwan 11493, R.O.C.   626 / 4,817   Administration office   Owned   Owned
Testing Building, 1, Chin-Shan, 7th St., Hsinchu, Taiwan 30080, R.O.C.   10,762 /41,318   Leased to several companies   Owned   Owned
R&D Building, 18 Nan-Ke 2nd Rd., Tainan Science Park, Sinshih, Tainan, Taiwan 74147, R.O.C.   42,000 / 47,396   Research and development   Leased (expires in December 2023)   Owned

30

Table of Contents

Location   Size (Land/Building)   Primary Use   Land (Owned or Leased)   Building (Owned or Leased)
(in square meters)
Nexpower, 2, Houke S. Rd., Houli District, Taichung, Taiwan 42152, R.O.C.   57,556 / 82,699   Solar PV modules production   Leased (expires in December 2026)   Owned
Wavetek, 10, Chuangxin 1st Rd., Baoshan Township, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30076, R.O.C.   27,898 / 34,609   6-inch wafer production   Leased (expires in December 2034)   Owned

Process Technology

Process technology is a set of specifications and parameters that we implement for manufacturing the critical dimensions of the patterned
features of the circuitry of semiconductors. Our process technologies are currently among the most advanced in the foundry industry. These advanced technologies have enabled us to provide flexible production schedules to meet our customers’
particular needs.

We pioneered the production of numerous semiconductor products. Our continued enhancement of our process technologies
has enabled us to manufacture semiconductor devices with smaller geometries. In 2013, we successfully developed and released into production 28nm Poly-SiON and
High-k/metal
 gate technologies. In 2015, we
provided a
High-k/
 metal gate with high performance compact, or HPC, solution and improved to a high performance compact plus, or HPC+, solution by the end of 2017 for speed-intensive and optimized power
consumption products. We and Cadence Design Systems collaborate on certification of analog/mixed-signal flow for 28HPC+ process. Certification enables customers to leverage the integrated, comprehensive AMS solution to facilitate accelerated designs
on our most advanced 28nm node. In 2018, we developed 22nm ULP
(ultra-Low
 Power) and ULL
(ultra-Low
 Leakage) technology to provide cost effective solutions and to obtain
better chip performance for IoT applications. We also joined the IBM chip alliance, for advanced process development. With IBM’s
know-how
 and support, we aim to continue to improve our internally
developed 14nm FinFET technology, so as to offer a 14nm competitive
low-power
 enhanced technology for mobile computing and communication products. In March 2017, we commenced the shipment of 14nm wafers to
customers and have achieved production quality yields for the advanced process that is being utilized for consumer electronic applications. UMC’s 14nm FinFET technology features 55% higher speed and twice the gate density over 28nm process
technology. The 14nm process also consumes approximately 50% less power than for 28nm. We also partnered with Avalanche for joint development and production of MRAM to replace embedded flash in 2018 for 22nm technologies.

Our 22nm technology readiness follows silicon validation on world’s smallest USB 2.0 test vehicle. The latest specialty process offering
provides competitive performance and a seamless migration path from 28nm to 22nm. We are offering a 22uLP version that has compatible design rules and the same mask count at the foundry’s 28nm technology, and also a 22uLL version. UMC 22uLP and
22uLL form a super set to support a voltage domain from 1.0V to 0.6V, allowing customers to enjoy the benefits of both technologies on
system-on-chip
 (SoC) designs. The
22nm platform is supported by our foundation IP and is ideal for a wide variety of semiconductor applications including consumer ICs for set top box, digital TV, surveillance, power or leakage sensitive IoT chips (with Bluetooth or WiFi) and
wearable products that require longer battery life.

Furthermore, we have also successfully developed specialty technologies such as
55/40/28nm embedded memory used for MCU and automotive products, 55/40/28nm embedded high voltage device used for display drivers, 55nm
BSI-CSI
 for image sensors and 110/55nm BCD for power management circuits.
We also developed ReRAM for advanced node embedded solutions, and
RF-SOI
 technologies of 110/90/55nm nodes covering both custom and platform for RF device applications. All of these specialty technologies can
provide system on chip solutions.

31

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth our actual process technology range, categorized by line widths,
or the minimum physical dimensions of the transistor gate of integrated circuits in production by each fab in 2019, and the estimated annual full capacity of each fab, actual total annual output and capacity utilization rates in 2017, 2018 and 2019:

Year Ended December 31, 2019 Range of   Years Ended December 31,
Years of   Process   2017   2018   2019
Commencement of Operation   Technologies (in microns)   (in thousands of 8-inch wafer equivalents, except percentages)
Wavetek   1989   0.5   237   223   208
Fab 8A   1995   0.5 to 0.25   825   825   825
Fab 8C   1998   0.35 to 0.11   357   383   436
Fab 8D   2000   0.13 to 0.09   341   347   359
Fab 8E   1998   0.5 to 0.18   418   418   426
Fab 8F   2000   0.18 to 0.11   417   431   434
Fab 8S   2000   0.18 to 0.11   347   372   372
Fab 8N   2003   0.5 to 0.11   753   771   831
Fab 12A   2002   0.13 to 0.014   2,182   2,243   2,243
Fab 12i   2004   0.13 to 0.040   1,209   1,248   1,338
Fab 12X   2016   0.040 to 0.028   218   413   457
Fab 12M   2005   0.090 to 0.040   —   —   220
Total estimated capacity   —   —   7,304   7,673   8,148
Total output (actual)   —   —   6,896   7,143   7,227
Average capacity utilization   —   —   94.4   %   93.1   %   88.7   %

Capacity and Utilization

The fabs in Taiwan that we own directly are named Wavetek, Fab 8A, Fab 8C, Fab 8D, Fab 8E, Fab 8F, Fab 8S and Fab 12A. All of them are located
in the Hsinchu Science Park except for Fab 12A located in the Tainan Science Park. The fab in Singapore is named Fab 12i. The fabs in China are named Fab 8N and Fab 12X, located in Suzhou and Xiamen, respectively. The fab in Japan is named Fab 12M
located in Kuwana.

Our average capacity utilization rate was 94.4% in 2017, 93.1% in 2018 and 88.7% in 2019.

Equipment

Considering the performance
and productivity of our manufacturing capability highly relies on the quality of our capital equipment, we generally purchase equipment that not only meet the demand of our existing process technology, but also have the capability to be upgraded to
match our future needs. The principal equipment we use to manufacture semiconductor devices are scanners/steppers, cleaners and track equipment, inspection equipment, etchers, furnaces, wet stations, strippers, implanters, sputters, CVD equipment,
probers, testers and so on. We own all of the production equipment except for a few demonstration tools.

Our policy is to purchase
high-quality equipment that demonstrates stable performance from vendors with dominant market share to ensure our continued competitiveness in the semiconductor field.

Some of the equipment is available from a limited number of qualified vendors and/or is manufactured in relatively limited quantities, and
some equipment has only recently been developed. We believe that our relationships with equipment suppliers are strong enough that we can leverage our position as a major purchaser to purchase equipment on competitive terms, including shorter lead
time, compared with the terms received by several other foundries.

Although we face the challenge of procuring the right equipment in
sufficient quantity necessary for
ramp-up
 or expansion of our fabrication facilities under constraint of short lead times, we have not in the past experienced any material problems in procuring the latest
generation equipment on a timely basis even in periods of unpredictably high market demand. We manage the risks in the procurement process through timely internal communications among different divisions, efficient market information collection,
early reservation of appropriate delivery slots and constant communications with our suppliers as well as by utilizing our good relationships with the vendors.

32

Table of Contents

Raw Materials

Our manufacturing processes use many raw materials, primarily silicon wafers, chemicals, gases and various types of precious sputtering
targets. These raw materials are generally available from several suppliers. Our policy with respect to raw material purchases, similar to that for equipment purchases, is to select only a small number of qualified vendors who have demonstrated
quality and reliability on delivery time of the raw materials. We may have any long-term supply contracts with our vendors if necessary.

Our general inventory policy is to maintain sufficient stock of each principal raw material for production and rolling forecasts of near-term
requirements received from customers. In addition, we have agreements with several key material suppliers under which they hold similar levels of inventory in their warehouses for our use. However, we are not under any obligation to purchase raw
material inventory that is held by our vendors for our benefit until we actually order it. We typically work with our vendors to plan our raw material requirements on a monthly basis, with indicative pricing generally set on a quarterly basis. The
actual purchase price is generally determined based on the prevailing market conditions. In the past, prices of our principal raw materials have not been volatile to a significant degree. Although we have not experienced any shortage of raw
materials that had a material effect on our operations, and supplies of raw materials we use currently are adequate, shortages could occur in various critical materials due to interruption of supply or an increase in industry demand.

The most important raw material used in our production processes is silicon wafer, which is the basic raw material from which integrated
circuits are made. The principal makers for our wafers are Shin-Etsu, GlobalWafers, Siltronic and Sumco Group. We have in the past obtained and believe that we will continue to be able to obtain a sufficient supply of silicon wafers. We believe that
we have close working relationships with our wafer suppliers. Based on such long-term relationships, we believe that these major suppliers will use their best efforts to accommodate our demand.

We use a large amount of water in our manufacturing process. We obtain water supplies from government-owned entities. We also use substantial
amounts of dual loop electricity supplied by Taiwan Power Company in the manufacturing process. We maintain
back-up
 generators that are capable of providing adequate amounts of electricity to maintain the
required air pressure in our clean rooms in case of power interruptions. We believe our
back-up
 devices are reasonably adequate in preventing business interruptions caused by power outages and emergency
situations.

Quality Management

We
believe that our advanced process technologies and reputation for high quality and reliable services and products have been important factors in attracting and retaining leading international and domestic semiconductor companies as customers.

We structure our quality management system in accordance with the latest international quality standards and our customers’ strict
quality and reliability requirements. Our quality management system incorporates comprehensive quality control programs into the entire business flow of foundry operation including, among others, new process development management, production
release control, incoming raw material inspection, statistical process control and methodology development, process change management, technical documentation control, product final inspection, metrology tool calibration and measurement system
analysis, quality audit program, nonconformity management, customer complaint disposition, eight-discipline problem solving and customer satisfaction monitoring.

We set a high quality goal to ensure consistent high yielding and reliable product performance. Our quality program is continually enhanced
through
top-down
 annual Business Policy Management and
bottom-up
 Total Quality Management activities. In addition, our efforts to observe best practices among fabs in
the foundry industry have also contributed to the improvement of our overall quality management system.

Many of our customers perform
physical production site qualification process in the early development phase and routine quality conformance audits in the volume production phase. These audits include both quality system review and physical fabrication area inspection for
verification of conformity with the international quality standard and customers’ quality requirement. Our quality management system and quality control programs have been qualified and routinely audited by numerous customers who are recognized
as world-class semiconductor companies with
best-in-class
 quality standards.

33

Table of Contents

Our Quality Assurance Division and Reliability Technology and Assurance Division collaborate
to provide quality and reliability performance to customers. With our wafer processing quality and reliability conformance monitor program, we monitor the product quality and reliability at various stages of the entire manufacturing process before
shipment to customers.

All our fabs are certified in compliance with IATF 16949 and QC080000 IECQ HSPM standards. IATF 16949 sets the
criteria for developing a fundamental quality management system emphasizing on customer satisfaction in quality management, continual improvement, defect prevention and variation and waste reduction. QC080000 IECQ HSPM sets the criteria for
developing a process management system for hazardous substances and focuses on developing environmentally friendly manufacturing processes. We are committed to continuously improve our quality management system and to deliver high quality product to
our customers.

Services and Products

We primarily engage in wafer fabrication for foundry customers. To optimize fabrication services for our customers, we work closely with them
as they finalize circuit design and contract for the preparation of masks to be used in the manufacturing process. We also offer our customers turnkey services by providing subcontracted assembly and test services. We believe that this ability to
deliver a variety of foundry services in addition to wafer fabrication enables us to accommodate the needs of a full array of integrated device manufacturers, system companies and fabless design customers with different
in-house
 capabilities.

Wafer manufacturing requires many distinct and intricate steps. Each step in the
manufacturing process must be completed with precision in order for finished semiconductor devices to work as intended. The processes require taking raw wafers and turning them into finished semiconductor devices generally through five steps:
circuit design, mask tooling, wafer fabrication, assembly and test. The services we offer to our customers in each of these five steps are described below.

Circuit Design
. At this initial design stage, our engineers generally work with our customers to ensure that their designs can
be successfully and cost-effectively manufactured in our facilities. We have assisted an increasing number of our customers in the design process by providing them with access to our partners’ electronic design analysis tools, IP and design
services, as well as by providing them with custom embedded memory macro-cells. In our Silicon Shuttle program, we offer customers and IP providers early access to actual silicon samples with their desired IP and content in order to enable early and
rapid use of our advanced technologies. The Silicon Shuttle program is a multi-chip test wafer program that allows silicon verification of IP and design elements. In the Silicon Shuttle program, several different vendors can test their IP using a
single mask set, greatly reducing the cost of silicon verification for us and the participating vendors. The high cost of masks for advanced processes makes this program attractive to IP vendors. In our alliances with them, we coordinate with
leading suppliers of IP, design and ASIC services to ensure their offerings are available to our customers in an integrated, easy to use manner which matches customers’ need to our technologies. With a view to lowering customer design barriers,
we expanded our design support functions from conventional design support to adding IP development to complement third-party intellectual properties and to provide customers with the widest range of silicon-verified choices. Our offerings range from
design libraries to basic analog mixed-mode intellectual properties which, together, have helped shorten our customer’s design cycle time.

Mask Tooling
. Our engineers generally assist our customers to design and/or obtain masks that are optimized for our advanced
process technologies and equipment. Actual mask production is usually provided by independent third parties specializing in mask tooling.

Wafer Fabrication
. As described above, our manufacturing service provides all aspects of the wafer fabrication process by
utilizing a full range of advanced process technologies. During the wafer fabrication process, we perform procedures in which a photosensitive material is deposited on the wafer and exposed to light through the mask to form transistors and other
circuit elements comprising of a semiconductor. The unwanted material is then etched away, leaving only the desired circuit pattern on the wafer. As part of our wafer fabrication services, we also offer wafer probing services, which test, or probe,
individual die on the processed wafers and identify dice that fail to meet required standards. We prefer to conduct wafer probing internally to obtain speedier and more accurate data on manufacturing yield rates.

34

Table of Contents

Assembly and Testing
. We offer our customers turnkey services by providing the
option to purchase finished semiconductor products that have been assembled and tested. We outsource assembly and test services to leading assembly and test service providers, including Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd., or Siliconware, and
Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. in Taiwan. After final testing, the semiconductors are shipped to our customers’ designated locations.

In addition to our foundry business, we also engage in the research, development and manufacture of products in the solar energy and LED
industries.

Customers and Markets

Our primary customers, in terms of our sales revenues, include premier integrated device manufacturers, such as Texas Instruments and Intel
Mobile, plus leading fabless design companies, such as Broadcom, MediaTek, Realtek, Qualcomm and Novatek. Although we are not dependent on any single customer, a significant portion of our operating revenues has been generated from sales to a few
customers. Our top ten customers accounted for approximately 51.3% of our operating revenues in 2019. Set forth below is a geographic breakdown of our operating revenues in 2017, 2018 and 2019 by the location of our customers.

Years Ended December 31,
Region   2017   2018   2019
%   %   %
Taiwan   32.8   36.4   36.4
Singapore   20.6   16.4   16.2
China (including Hong Kong)   12.7   12.2   12.9
Japan   3.2   3.9   6.6
USA   12.2   15.6   13.5
Europe   9.6   8.3   4.7
Others   8.9   7.2   9.7
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

We believe our success in attracting these end customers is a direct result of our commitment to high quality
service and our intense focus on customer needs and performance. As an independent semiconductor foundry, most of our operating revenue is generated by our sales of wafers. The following table presented the percentages of our wafer sales by types of
customers for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019.

Years Ended December 31,
Customer Type   2017   2018   2019
%   %   %
Fabless design companies   91.0   92.4   91.3
Integrated device manufacturers   9.0   7.6   8.7
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

We focus on providing a high level of customer service in order to attract customers and maintain their
ongoing loyalty. Our culture emphasizes responsiveness to customer needs with a focus on flexibility, speed and accuracy throughout our manufacturing and delivery processes. Our customer-oriented approach is especially evident in two types of
services: customer design development services and manufacturing services. For example, in 2013, we expand our regional business by opening our UMC Korea office, in order to provide local support to our customers in Korea, and shorten
time-to-market
 for our Korea-based customers designing and manufacturing on UMC process technologies. We believe that our large production capacity and advanced process
technology enable us to provide better customer service than many other foundries through shorter turn-around time, greater manufacturing flexibility and higher manufacturing yields.

35

Table of Contents

We work closely with our customers throughout the design development and prototyping
processes. Our design support team closely interacts with customers and IP vendors to facilitate the design process and to identify their specific requirements for IP offerings. We are responsive to our customers’ requirements in terms of
overall turn-around time and production
time-to-market
 by, for example, helping our customers streamline their IP offering processes and delivering prototypes in a
timely and
easy-to-use
 fashion. We also maintain flexibility and efficiency in our technical capability and respond quickly to our customers’ design changes.

For IP offerings, we work with several leading IP vendors from digital, memory and analog fields in the semiconductor industry to deliver
quality IP blocks that have been silicon validated using our advanced processes. Our alliances with major electronic design automation vendors provide our customers with digital/analog reference design procedures and

easy-to-use
 design solutions. By continuously enhancing our IP offerings, reference design procedures and design services through collaboration with major vendors, we
aim to provide complete, accurate and user-friendly design solutions to our customers.

As a design moves into manufacturing production,
we continue to provide ongoing customer support through all phases of the manufacturing process. The local account manager works with our customer service representative to ensure the quality of our services, drawing upon our marketing and customer
engineering support teams as required.

We offer an online service, “MyUMC”, which gives our customers easy access to our
foundry services by providing a total online supply chain solution. MyUMC offers
24-hour
 access to detailed account information such as manufacturing, engineering and design support documents through each
customer’s own customized start page. The features that are available to customers through MyUMC include (i) viewing the status of orders from the start of production to the final shipping stages; (ii) designing layouts to shorten
customers’ tape out time; (iii) collecting customer engineering requests; (iv) gathering and downloading documents for design purposes; and (v) accessing online in real-time the same manufacturing data used by our fab engineers.

We also have
system-to-system
 connecting services to
provide direct data exchange between our system and our customers’ systems. These services, which include our “UMC Design View Room Cloud Service”, facilitate our design collaborations with our customers to help reduce the cost of
chip designs and reduce the time to market. In order to continue to improve our information security management, our Information Technology Division received the certification of ISO/IEC 27001:2005 in March 2008 and renewed ISO/IEC 27001:2013
certification in February 2015.

In addition, we have established a data-driven advanced semiconductor smart manufacturing system to
provide world-class quality production, ensure information security and service quality, as well as improve customer satisfaction, operational and R&D efficiency. We achieved this by integrating a spectrum of innovative digital technologies,
including Internet of Things, big data, cloud, artificial intelligence and information technology, and our enterprise information and semiconductor expertise.

We price our products on a per die or per wafer basis, taking into account the complexity of the technology, the prevailing market conditions,
the order size, the cycle time, the strength and history of our relationship with the customer and our capacity utilization. Our main sales office is located in Taiwan, which is in charge of our sales activities in Asia. United Microelectronics
(Europe) BV, our wholly-owned subsidiary based in Amsterdam, assists our sales to customers in Europe. Our sales in North America are made through UMC Group (USA), our subsidiary located in Sunnyvale, California. We also have sales offices in China,
Japan and Korea to support our customers in those regions.

36

Table of Contents

We advertise in trade journals, organize technology seminars, hold a variety of regional and
international sales conferences and attend a number of industry trade fairs to promote our products and services. We also publish a corporate newsletter for our customers.

Information Security Risk Management

Our
information security risks and the mitigating measures we have taken are described in the following sections:

(1) Risk Management Organization

We have established an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to coordinate with key internal departments for risk management and control,
jointly review and manage internal and external risks of the company, and prioritize risk response strategies for major risk issues across the company. It is combined with internal audit and control functions to ensure that the operational risks
associated with operations are properly managed. In addition, we established the “Corporate Security Division” in 2018, which is responsible for ’our information security and physical security planning and related audit matters, and
work together with our Information Technology Division to further strengthen information security.

(2) Information Security Policy (Internal Control and
Protocol)

Our information security policy is based on the guiding principle: “To establish Information Security Management rules in
accordance to customer’s requirement, to reach a consensus that information security is everyone’s responsibility through full awareness, to protect information Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability for the Company and Customer, and to
provide safe production environment to ensure sustainable operation of the Company’s business.” Our major information security objectives are aimed at antivirus, anti-intrusion and anti-leakage through the building of multiple internal
controls such as firewall, intrusion detection and antivirus systems to enhance ’our ability to defend against external attacks. Also, through regular educational and training programs, security operation/awareness is tightly involved and
seamlessly integrated into every employee’s daily work.

(3) Establish Enterprise Risk Management System

Our Enterprise Risk Management Committee integrates the identified various risk items, including strategy, operation, finance, hazard, etc.,
evaluate the possibility and severity of their occurrence, defines the priority order and risk level of risk items, and adopt corresponding risk management schemes. The committee regularly reviews the possibility of risk occurrence and the potential
change of severity over time to understand and assess the effectiveness of risk management programs and related control operations. We comply with multiple ISO certification standards in the areas of quality, environment, water resources, carbon
footprint and green energy. Related information security certification includes ISO15408, ISO22301 and ISO27001.

(4) Assessment of Information Security
and Cyber Risks

We place particular emphasis on preventing information security and cyber risks, and have built a comprehensive
multi-layer defense mechanism including firewall, intrusion detection, antivirus system, vulnerability scanning, patch management procedure and penetration testing. In 2019, we also leveraged an international professional security company’s
resources for overall security healthy inspection as a trusted third party verification and a basis for further improvement. The summary of the annual information security assessment is as follows: “Overall, UMC has implemented an information
security management system. According to this system and control measures, conventional malicious programs such as attacks by viruses, Trojans, worms and external hackers will not easily damage UMC’s information system.”

37

Table of Contents

(5) Information Security Management System (ISMS) Verification

Our ADRs have been listed on NYSE since 2000 and we had complied with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX 404) for internal key financial processes. In
2019, we strengthened our information security process by introducing ISO27001 information security management system certification to reduce security risk and production anomaly that may be caused by human error. Continuous improvement of PDCA is
then carried out through annual recertification.

In 2014, a cross-division security committee was established. Based on the need to
produce secure products like smart card, we introduced ISO15408 (CC, Common Criteria) certification specifically designed for secure production procedures not only in data receiving, processing and destruction but also higher physical access control
request for the purpose of securing entire production line. Continuous improvement of PDCA is then carried out through biennial recertification.

(6)
Insurance against Information Security Risks

Based on a recent report, data leakage, virus infection, and hacking event in Taiwan and
throughout the world, together with the ransomware incident of peer semiconductor manufacturer’s information system in August 2018, have caused significant operating loss in business interruption that reached NT$7.6 billion. There is no
guarantee that enterprises will not become the target of attacks despite reasonable security protection in place. In view of this, we obtained cyber security insurance to mitigate and reduce this risk. Such insurance policy has been in effect since
January 2019 with retroactive option which can trace back to undiscovered
pre-existing
 threats. The initial insurance coverage is US$10 million for all our fabs in Taiwan and Singapore.

(7) The Impact of Occurred Major Asset Security Incidents and Response Measures

In response to potential cyber-attacks, we upgraded the antivirus software with behavior-based detection capability and implemented strict
information device in/out management, as well as updated critical patches for production line computers to defend against such worm-type viruses that may attack system vulnerabilities. We also set Access Control List (ACL) in production line network
to grant necessary access between equipment tools, which can block virus from spreading and minimize its impact. SEMICON TAIWAN subsequently formed a task force to study equipment information security standards, of which we are a member, to
contribute as a local enterprise responsibility.

In short, new invasive techniques are constantly evolving but past defense achievements
do not necessarily mean or guarantee that anomaly breach will not occur in the future. Enterprises must keep pace with the ever-changing and growing information security threat and requires continuous improvement. UMC will uphold to
“Customer-orientation, Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, Efficiency” as corporate culture and will fulfill ‘due care/due diligence’ management responsibility to provide customers with a secure production environment to
reduce operational risk and reward shareholders with highest investment value as possible.

Competition

The worldwide semiconductor foundry industry is highly competitive, particularly during periods of overcapacity and inventory correction. We
compete internationally and domestically with dedicated foundry service providers as well as with integrated device manufacturers and final product manufacturers which have
in-house
 manufacturing capacity or
foundry operations. Some of our competitors have substantially greater production, financial, research and development and marketing resources than we have. As a result, these companies may be able to compete more aggressively over a longer period
of time than we can. In addition, several new dedicated foundries have commenced operations and compete directly with us. Any significant increase in competition may erode our profit margins and weaken our earnings.

We believe that our primary competitors in the foundry services market are Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, Semiconductor
Manufacturing International (Shanghai) Corporation and Globalfoundries Inc., as well as the foundry operation services of some integrated device manufacturers such as IBM, Samsung, Intel and Toshiba. Other competitors such as Dongbu Anam
Semiconductor, Grace Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp.,
X-FAB
 Semiconductors Foundries AG and Silterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. have initiated efforts to develop substantial new foundry capacity, although much of
such capacity involves less cost-effective production than the
12-inch
 fabs for which we possess technical
know-how.
 New entrants in the foundry business are likely to
initiate a trend of competitive pricing and create potential overcapacity in legacy technology. The principal elements of competition in the semiconductor foundry industry include technical competence, production speed and cycle time,
time-to-market,
 research and development quality, available capacity, manufacturing yields, customer service and price. We believe that we compete favorably with the new
competitors on each of these elements, particularly our technical competence and research and development capabilities.

38

Table of Contents

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents, licenses and other intellectual property (IP) rights covering our production
processes and activities. To that end, we have acquired certain patents and patent licenses and intend to continue to seek patents on our production processes. As of December 31, 2019, we held 6,024 U.S. patents and 7,483 patents issued outside
of the United States.

Our ability to compete also depends on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of
others. The semiconductor industry is generally characterized by frequent claims and litigation regarding patent and other IP rights. As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor industry, we have from time to time received communications
from third parties asserting patents that allegedly cover certain of our technologies and alleging infringement of certain IP rights of others. We expect that we will receive similar communications in the future. Irrespective of the validity or the
successful assertion of such claims, we could incur significant costs and devote significant management resources to the defense of these claims, which could seriously harm our company. See “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Our
inability to obtain, preserve and defend IP rights could harm our competitive position.”

In order to minimize our risks from claims
based on our manufacture of semiconductor devices or
end-use
 products whose designs infringe on others’ IP rights, we in general accept orders only from companies that we believe have established
satisfactory reputation and for products that are not identified as risky for potential infringement claims. Furthermore, we obtain indemnification rights from customers. We also generally obtain indemnification rights from equipment vendors to hold
us harmless from any losses resulting from any suit or proceedings brought against our company involving allegation of infringement of IP rights on account of our use of the equipment supplied by them.

We have entered into various patent cross-licenses with major technology companies, including a number of leading international semiconductor
companies, such as IBM and AVAGO. Our cross licenses may have different terms and expiry dates. Depending upon our competitive position and strategy, we may or may not renew our cross licenses and further, we may enter into different and/or
additional technology and/or IP licenses in the future.

Research and Development

In 2017, 2018 and 2019, we spent NT$13,669 million NT$13,025 million and NT$11,860 million (US$397 million), respectively, on
research and development, which represented 9.2%, 8.6% and 8.0%, respectively, of our operating revenues of such years. Our research and development efforts mainly focus on delivering comprehensive foundry solutions that consist of the key process
technologies encompassing logic as well as specialty manufacturing technologies that address customers’ needs. These resources provide our foundry customers with improved opportunities to develop diverse product lines that supply the global
semiconductor market. Our commitment to research and development can be illustrated by our 2019 research and development expenditures, which reached approximately 8.0% of operating revenues.

As of December 31, 2019, we employed 1,731 professionals in our research and development activities. In addition, other management and
operational personnel are also involved in research and development activities but are not separately identified as research and development professionals.

39

Table of Contents

Our Investments

Depending on the market conditions, we intend to gradually reduce our investments through open market trading and other measures available to
our company.

The following table sets forth the sales of our investments in 2017:

Investees   Number of shares sold (in millions)   Proceeds from disposal (in NT$ millions)
Superalloy Industrial Co., Ltd.   5   534
Nien Made Enterprise Co., Ltd.   1   414
GlobalWafers Co., Ltd.   2   343
Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd.   0   208
The following table sets forth the sales of our investments in 2018:
Investees   Number of shares sold (in millions)   Proceeds from disposal (in NT$ millions)
All-Stars Xmi Ltd.   0   471
Motech Industries, Inc.   22   300
Bora Pharmaceuticals Co, Ltd.   2   225
Epic! Creations, Inc.   2   183
The following table sets forth the sales of our investments in 2019:
Number of shares sold   Proceeds from disposal
Investees   (in millions)   (in NT$ millions)   (in US$ millions)
Trilliant Holdings, Inc.   4   279   9
Dafeng TV Ltd.   2   178   6
Holtek Semiconductor Inc.   3   168   6
CTBC Hua Win Money Market Fund   9   100   3

Environmental, Safety and Health Matters

UMC implemented extensive ESH management systems since 1996. These systems enable our operations to identify applicable ESH regulations, assist
in evaluating compliance status and timely establish loss preventive and control measures. The systems we implemented in all our fabs have been certified as meeting the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards. ISO 14001 consists of a set of standards that
provide guidance to the management of organizations to achieve an effective environmental management system. Procedures are established at manufacturing locations to ensure that all accidental spills and discharges are properly addressed. ISO 45001
is an international occupational health and safety management system standard, which may be applied to assess and certify our management systems. Our goal in implementing ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 systems is to continually improve our ESH management,
comply with ESH regulations and to be a sustainable green foundry. UMC’s major ESH policies include:

Environmental Protection
Aspects:

•   With zero pollution as the goal, strive to be a sustainable green corporation by complying with or going above
and beyond the requirements of environmental laws and international conventions.

40

Table of Contents

•   Implement and integrate an environmental management system into the overall organizational management system.
Commit to ongoing improvement of environmental performance.

•   Actively introduce and develop green technologies, and apply to production activities and product service
processes. Strive to reduce environmental loads in all life cycle stages to achieve green design, production and operation.

•   Comply with international environmental protection trends, properly utilize and recycle energy and resources,
promote circular economy, and become a leader in green technology.

•   Fulfill corporate social responsibility, and cooperate with the government, the public and global business
partners in ecological improvement and rehabilitation.

•   Promote environmental ethics education and green concepts to encourage eco awareness, action and responsibility
in corporations, upstream and downstream supply chains and the general public.

•   Disclose environmental information and maintain ongoing communication with stakeholders. Exercise due diligence
in promoting environmental sustainability.

Safety and Health Aspects:

•   Meet or exceed the requirements of industry safety and health laws, aiming for zero disaster. The company is
committed to steady development while making safety a priority.

•   Promote safety and health management system and risk improvement processes to achieve and maintain world-class
safety/health and risk management performance.

•   Use advanced safety and health technologies as well as risk and disaster rescue techniques to aggressively
enhance all safety aspects in a pioneering manner.

•   Implement prevention management and auditing systems to ensure the safety of the work environment and operations,
protecting the physical and mental health of employees to put the minds of workers and customers at ease.

•   Make it a responsibility for personnel of all levels to exercise influence, eliminate hazard factors, prevent
occurrence of accidents and work-related illnesses, and promote effective safety and health interactions through cooperation and sharing.

•   Continue conducting safety and health education and advocacy; encourage active participation in safety and health
activities, allow for health and safety to be a habit and a way of life for all employees.

As a member of the global
community and a semiconductor industry leader, we have implemented measures to deal with environmental problems and mitigate climate change. We have introduced green concepts in our operations, including green commitment, management, procurement,
production, products, recycling, office, education and marketing.

With respect to safety and health management, we realized that lowering
the risks in equipment and processes can reduce accidents, but cannot guarantee the safety of all employees. In order to achieve the goal of
“zero-accident”,
 we intend to promote the concept of
“safety is my responsibility”. We have educated the employees with the concepts of “be aware of your own safety as well as the safety of others” and “safety is everyone’s responsibility, and my personal
accountability.”

Furthermore, we have implemented the FMEA method to foster employees’ capabilities in risk analysis.
Therefore, we established a channel for communication to encourage and ensure the employees to fully express their opinions for professional response and assistance. By doing so, we hope to establish a culture of “Safety and health first”
to further improve the quality of our working environment, and eventually to become a good example of global safety and health management.

41

Table of Contents

The following list sets forth some of the important awards that we received in environmental
protection, safety and health:

•   Selected as a member of Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes for the twelfth straight year since 2008;

•   Achieved Leadership Status (score level: A-) on CDP’s Climate Change
Assessment Program (2016-2019)

•   Awarded “Corporate Sustainability Report Award” by Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy (2008-2019);

•   Awarded “National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award” by the Environmental Protection
Administration of Executive Yuan, R.O.C. (2003-2019);

•   Awarded “The Best Participation of Green Procurement for Enterprises” by the Environmental Protection
Administration of Executive Yuan, R.O.C. (2011-2019);

•   Awarded “Energy Saving Leadership Award” by Bureau of Energy, Ministry of Economic Affairs (MOEA)
(2019);

•   Awarded “Science Park Water Saving Outstanding Achievement Prize” by the Hsinchu Science Park Bureau,
Ministry of Science and Technology (2019);

•   Awarded “The 1st Green Chemical Application and Innovation Award” by the Environmental Protection
Administration of Executive Yuan, R.O.C. (2019); and

•   Awarded “Excellent Occupational Safety and Health Executive Organization of Hsinchu Science Park” by
the Science Park Administration (1998-2019).

Climate Change

Our climate change policies announced on April 22, 2010 include: (i) achieving carbon neutral status via carbon management,
(ii) becoming a comprehensive
low-carbon
 emissions solution provider, and (iii) leveraging corporate resources to cultivate a
low-carbon
 emissions economy. In
order to implement these policies, we set greenhouse gas reduction goals as to various phases. By 2015, we completed resource and energy productivity improvement plan named “369+-project” which consisted of reducing the usage of
electricity by 3%, the usage of pipe water by 6% and the waste generation by 9% compared with the base year 2012. Currently, we announced our latest “Green 2020” goals to demonstrate our long-term commitment to sustainable environment and
achieved our annual targeted goal in 2019. We will be more proactive with self-motivated action and more stringent standards. The goal is to further reduce water, energy and waste by 10% over current levels by 2020. Meanwhile, we also strive to
reduce carbon emissions through the following two measures: (1) we continue to implement a greenhouse gas emission reduction plan to assist customers in establishing a
low-carbon
 emissions supply chain,
and (2) we continue to enhance our research and development in advanced processes to provide
low-power
 products and reduce carbon emissions at the consumer level.

Since 1999, we have been a pioneer in the foundry industry to implement measures to reduce

per-fluorinated
 compounds, and we completed the replacement of C
3
F
8
 with C
4
F
8
 in 2011. We have made a significant achievement by reducing normalized
per-fluorinated
 compounds,
which is one of the major greenhouse gas reduction objectives of the World Semiconductor Council. From 2013 to 2014, UMC participated in the Environmental Protection Administration, or the EPA, early reduction project and acquired a carbon reduction
allowance of 3.02 million tons. We subsequently executed a contract with Dragon Steel Corporation to trade 2 million tons of carbon emission credits. It was the first trade of carbon emissions credits that was reviewed and recorded by the
EPA, indicating a significant milestone in Taiwan’s carbon emission credits trading market. Proceeds derived from the carbon trading transaction was wholly used by us to enforce environmental protection and promote environmental protection
measures and to continue contributing towards environmental sustainability. At this stage, we have also applied for GHG Offset Project in 2019, according to Taiwan’s voluntary GHG reduction incentive program to apply for carbon credits. We
estimate that we can build ten years of carbon assets totaling more than 1.5 million tons.

42

Table of Contents

We also support timely disclosure of carbon information and ensuring data quality. Since
2006, we have participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project formed by global institutional investors and disclosed our annual greenhouse gas emission volume, reduction goals and results. Moreover, we engage third-party verifiers to ensure the
quality of the data. We completed the verification on greenhouse gas emission and reduction records for all of our fabs in both Taiwan and Singapore on an annual basis.

Climate change will not only bring about negative impacts but also create opportunities simultaneously. Consequently, we have been proactively
searching for our own climate related opportunities by considering of market demand for energy-saving and our technique advantages. Our climate change opportunities were identified as green technologies of RF & Power and Logic Related which
could reduce the power consumption and carbon emission of 3.4M ton CO2/year, and bring double digit percent CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of revenue in 2022.

Risk Management

Risk and safety matters
are administered by our Risk Management and Environmental Safety Health Division, or the GRM & ESH, established in 1998. We are pursuing the goal of a highly protected risk status in the semiconductor industry through the implementation of
strict engineering safety procedures, regular enforcement of safety codes and standards, and compliance of detailed industry safety guidelines.

Our risk control strategy has been implemented in many ways, including strengthening physical protection standards, enhancing emergency
response abilities, constructing natural hazard early warning systems, etc., and develop business continuity plan and crisis response exercise to achieve our continuous operation promise. The achievements of 2019 are follows:

•   Improved the ability of water damage protection in clean room

•   Upgraded the reliability of power supply system

•   Updated the loss control guideline in line with international standards.

Furthermore, we have adopted the Triple Star Ranking System from AIG Insurance, a global leader in risk management and insurance, since 1999
to evaluate our risk management performance from third party’s point of view. All fabs have been ranked as
top-class
 following AIG’s risk evaluation and risk improvement recommendations. We have also
implemented proactive efforts in earthquake risk prevention. We believe our efforts contributed to our quick and exemplary recovery from three major earthquakes in Taiwan on September 21, 1999, March 4, 2010, and February 6, 2016,
respectively. In order to reduce potential damages to our production facilities from earthquakes and similar incidents in the future, we continue to import the latest anti-seismic technologies, a seismic isolation platform for newly installed
reticle stocker and furnace. Furthermore, we implemented an earthquake warning system in Tainan production base that will provide us with enhanced response time in the event of an earthquake.

Nowadays, extreme weather has become a risk to various business operations. In order to understand the potential impact to us, we implemented
a flood risk simulation project in 2014. Since Hsinchu Science-Based Industrial Park is located in higher terrain; we believe there is no potential flood risk. However, for Fab12A in Tainan, we had conducted a physical improvement plan by installing
floodgates in specific entrances to upgrade the protection level to a
500-year
 flood.

43

Table of Contents

In addition, we are fully aware of the impact presented by business interruption. We are
also devoted in the pursuit of corporate resilience and continuity by committing
non-interrupted
 services to satisfy our valued customers and important stakeholders. In 2013, we were the first foundry in the
world to receive ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management certification and have continuously maintained this certification which demonstrates our commitment to developing our disaster response abilities and our mechanisms for quick recovery.

Insurance

We maintain industrial all
risk insurance for our buildings, facilities, equipment and inventories as well as third-party properties. The insurance for fabs and their equipment covers losses from physical damage and business interruption up to their respective policy limits
except for policy exclusions. For example, in early 2016, we experienced a severe earthquake which adversely affected our 300mm Fab 12A wafer manufacturing operations in Taiwan and we had settled with the insurance carrier under our insurance
policies which partially recovered the losses resulting from this earthquake. In addition, we purchase directors and officers liability insurance for our board directors and executive officers, covering the liabilities incurred in relation to
his/her/its operation of business and legally responsible for. We also maintain public liability insurance for losses to third parties arising from our business operations. We believe that our insurance arrangement is adequate to cover all major
types of losses relevant to the semiconductor industry practice. However, significant damage to any of our production facilities, whether as a result of fire or other causes, could seriously harm our business.

C.   Organizational Structure

The following list shows our corporate structure as of December 31, 2019:

Company   Jurisdiction of Incorporation   Percentage of Ownership as of December 31, 2019
UMC Group (USA)   U.S.A.   100.00   %
United Microelectronics (Europe) B.V.   The Netherlands   100.00   %
UMC Capital Corp.   Cayman Islands   100.00   %
TLC Capital Co., Ltd.   Taiwan, R.O.C.   100.00   %
Green Earth Limited   Samoa   100.00   %
Fortune Venture Capital Corp.   Taiwan, R.O.C.   100.00   %
UMC Investment (Samoa) Limited   Samoa   100.00   %
UMC Capital (USA)   U.S.A.   100.00   %
ECP Vita Pte. Ltd.   Singapore   100.00   %
Soaring Capital Corp.   Samoa   100.00   %
Unitruth Advisor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   China   100.00   %
Tera Energy Development Co., Ltd.   Taiwan, R.O.C.   100.00   %
United Microchip Corporation   Cayman Islands   100.00   %
Nexpower Technology Corp.   Taiwan, R.O.C.   93.36   %
Wavetek Microelectronics Corporation   Taiwan, R.O.C.   80.49   %
Everrich Energy Investment (HK) Limited   China   100.00   %
Everrich (Shandong) Energy Co., Ltd.   China   100.00   %
Wavetek Microelectronics Investment (Samoa) Limited   Samoa   80.49   %
Wavetek Microelectronics Corporation (USA)   U.S.A.   80.49   %
Best Elite International Limited   British Virgin Islands   100.00   %
Infoshine Technology Limited   British Virgin Islands   100.00   %

44

Table of Contents

Company   Jurisdiction of Incorporation   Percentage of Ownership as of December 31, 2019
Oakwood Associates Limited   British Virgin Islands   100.00   %
Hejian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.   China   98.14   %
UnitedDS Semiconductor (Shandong) Co., Ltd.   China   98.14   %
United Semiconductor (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.   China   64.95   %
UMC Group Japan   Japan   100.00   %
UMC Korea Co., Ltd.   Korea   100.00   %
Omni Global Limited   Samoa   100.00   %
United Microtechnology Corporation (California)   U.S.A.   100.00   %
United Microtechnology Corporation (New York)   U.S.A.   100.00   %
Sino Paragon Limited   Samoa   100.00   %
UMC Technology Japan Co., Ltd.   Japan   100.00   %
United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd.   Japan   100.00   %

D.   Property, Plants and Equipment

Please refer to “—B. Business Overview—Manufacturing Facilities” for a discussion of our property, plants and equipment.

ITEM 4A.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 5   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

Unless stated otherwise, the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in this section apply to our
financial information as prepared in accordance with IFRSs. You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to such statements included
in this annual report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including those set forth under “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors” or in other parts of this annual report on Form
20-F.

For the convenience of readers, NT dollar amounts used in this section for, and as of, the year ended December 31, 2019 have been
translated into U.S. dollar amounts using US$1.00 = NT$29.91, the foreign exchange rate on December 31, 2019 as released by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The U.S. dollar translation appears in parentheses next to the
relevant NT dollar amount.

Overview

We are one of the world’s leading independent semiconductor foundries, providing comprehensive wafer fabrication services and technologies
to our customers based on their designs.

Cyclicality of the Semiconductor Industry

As the semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, revenues varied significantly over this period. It can take several years to plan and
construct a fab and bring it to operations. Therefore, during periods of favorable market conditions, semiconductor manufacturers often begin building new fabs or acquiring existing fabs in response to anticipated demand growth for semiconductors.
In addition, after commencement of commercial operations, fabs can increase production volumes rapidly. As a result, large amounts of semiconductor manufacturing capacity typically become available during the same time period. Absent a proportional
growth in demand, this increase in supply often results in semiconductor manufacturing overcapacity, which has led to a sharp decline in semiconductor prices and significant capacity under-utilization. Our average capacity utilization rate was
94.4%, 93.1% and 88.7% for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. We believe that our operating results in 2017, 2018 and 2019 continue to reflect the ongoing uncertainty in the global economy.

45

Table of Contents

Pricing

We price our products on either a per die or a per wafer basis, taking into account the complexity of the technology, the prevailing market
conditions, the order size, the cycle time, the strength and history of our relationship with the customer and our capacity utilization. Because semiconductor wafer prices tend to fluctuate frequently, we in general review our pricing on a quarterly
basis. As a majority of our costs and expenses are fixed or semi-fixed in nature, fluctuations in our products’ average selling price historically have had a substantial impact on our margins. Our average selling price decreased by
approximately 3.4% from 2017 to 2018, and further decreased by 2.9% in 2019, reflecting the continuing nominal price erosion in 2018 and 2019.

We believe that our current level of pricing is comparable to that of other leading foundries in each respective geometry. We believe that our
ability to provide a wide range of advanced foundry services and process technologies as well as large manufacturing capacity will enable us to compete effectively with other leading foundries at a comparable price level.

Capacity Utilization Rates

Our operating
results are characterized by relatively high fixed costs. In 2017, 2018 and 2019, approximately 69.0%, 68.6% and 67.5%, respectively, of our manufacturing costs consisted of depreciation, a portion of indirect material costs, amortization of license
fees and indirect labor costs.

If our utilization rates increase, our costs would be allocated over a larger number of units, which
generally leads to lower unit costs. As a result, our capacity utilization rates can significantly affect our margins. Our utilization rates have varied from period to period to reflect our production capacity and market demand. Our average capacity
utilization rate was 94.4%, 93.1% and 88.7% for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Utilization rates were primarily affected by global macroeconomic factors. Other factors affecting utilization rates are efficiency
in production facilities, product flow management, the complexity and mix of the wafers produced, overall industry conditions, the level of customer orders, mechanical failure, disruption of operations due to expansion of operations, relocation of
equipment or disruption of power supply and fire or natural disaster.

Our production capacity is determined based on the capacity ratings
of the equipment in the fab, provided by the engineers, adjusted for, among other factors, actual output during uninterrupted trial runs, expected down time due to set up for production runs and maintenance, expected product mix and research and
development. Because these factors include subjective elements, our measurement of capacity utilization rates may not be comparable to those of our competitors.

Change in Product Mix and Technology Migration

Because the price of wafers processed with different technologies varies significantly, the mix of wafers that we produce is among the primary
factors that affect our revenues and profitability. The value of a wafer is determined principally by the complexity and performance of the processing technology used to produce the wafer, as well as by the yield and defect density. Production of
devices with higher levels of functionality and performance, with better yields and lower defect density as well as with greater system-level integration requires better manufacturing expertise and generally commands higher wafer prices. The
increase in price generally has more than offset associated increases in production cost once an appropriate economy of scale is reached.

Prices for wafers of a given level of technology generally decline over the processing technology life cycle. As a result, we have
continuously been migrating to increasingly sophisticated technologies to maintain the same level of profitability. We began our volume production with
65-nanometer
 and

40-nanometer
 technologies in 2006 and 2009, respectively. We introduced our
28-nanometer
 technology to customers in 2011 and started large-scale commercial production in
2014. Our 28nm and below technologies contributed approximately 17.1%, 15.2% and 11.3% of our foundry revenue in 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively.

46

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth a breakdown of percentage of our wafer sales by process
technologies in 2017, 2018 and 2019.

Years Ended December 31,
Process Technologies   2017   2018   2019
%   %   %
14 nanometers and under   0.9   2.6   0.0
28 nanometers   16.2   12.6   11.3
40 nanometers   28.4   25.3   23.1
65 nanometers   12.3   12.5   14.7
90 nanometers   4.9   8.3   13.6
0.11/0.13 micron   11.5   11.6   12.6
0.15/0.18 micron   12.4   13.7   13.1
0.25/0.35 micron   10.0   10.1   8.7
0.50 micron or higher   3.4   3.3   2.9
Total   100.0   100.0   100.0

Manufacturing Yields

Manufacturing yield per wafer is measured by the number of functional dice on that wafer over the maximum number of dice that can be produced
on that wafer. A small portion of our products is priced on a per die basis, and our high manufacturing yields have assisted us in achieving higher margins. In addition, with respect to products that are priced on a per wafer basis, we believe that
our ability to deliver high manufacturing yields generally has allowed us to either charge higher prices per wafer or attract higher order volumes, resulting in higher margins.

We continually upgrade our process technologies. At the beginning of each technological upgrade, the manufacturing yield utilizing the new
technology is generally lower, sometimes substantially lower, than the yield under the current technology. The yield is generally improved through the expertise and cooperation of our research and development personnel and process engineers, as well
as equipment and at times raw material suppliers. Our policy is to offer customers new process technologies as soon as the new technologies have passed our internal reliability tests.

Investments

Most of our investments were
made to improve our market position and for strategy considerations, a significant portion of which are in foundry-related companies including fabless design customers, raw material suppliers and IP vendors. Historically, we also made investments in
companies in the solar manufacturing and LED industries.

We have, from time to time, disposed of investments for financial, strategic or
other purposes in recent years. See “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—Our Investments” for a description of our investments.

Treasury Share Programs

We have from
time to time announced plans, none of which were binding on us, to buy back up to a fixed amount of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at the price range set forth in the plans. On March 7, 2018, our board of directors resolved to
purchase up to 200 million common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a price between NT$9.85 and NT$21.30 per share during the period from March 8, 2018 to May 7, 2018 for cancellation. On November 5, 2018, our board of
directors resolved to purchase up to 300 million common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a price between NT$7.55 and NT$20.80 per share during the period from November 6, 2018 to January 5, 2019 for cancellation. Our board of
directors further resolved to repurchase up to 200 million common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange during a
two-month
 period from April 26, 2019 for cancellation. We repurchased the total of
200 million common shares from April 26, 2019 through June 13, 2019 at a price between NT$8.40 and NT$18.10, with an average price of NT$13.21 per share. Subsequently, on June 19, 2019, we executed the cancellation of the
200 million treasury shares.

47

Table of Contents

During 2017, 2018 and 2019, we purchased an aggregate of nil, 480 million and
220 million, common shares, respectively, and transferred nil, 200 million and nil of such common shares that we repurchased under these plans to our employees as employee compensation in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

Critical Accounting Policies

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities, the accompanying disclosures and the disclosure of
contingent liabilities. However, uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimating uncertainty at the reporting date that would have a significant
risk for a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next fiscal year are discussed below. We based our assumptions and estimates on information available when the consolidated financial statements were
prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond our control. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when we become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. We determine
the classification of our financial assets at initial recognition. In accordance with “IAS 39—Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” (IAS 39) prior to January 1, 2018, our financial assets are classified as financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss,
available-for-sale
 financial assets,

held-to-maturity
 financial assets and notes, accounts and other receivables. Our financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through
profit and loss and financial liabilities carried at amortized cost. We adopted “IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments” (IFRS 9) using the modified retrospective method and recognized the cumulative effect on January 1, 2018. Following the
adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018, our financial assets are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, and financial assets measured at amortized
cost. Our financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. Purchase or sale of financial assets and liabilities are recognized using trade date
accounting. All financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable costs, and are subsequently measured at fair value or amortized cost using
the effective interest method, less impairment, based on the classification. In accordance with IAS 39 prior to January 1, 2018, we assess whether objective evidence of impairment exists for a financial asset or a group of financial assets at
each reporting date. Following the adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018, we measure, at each reporting date, an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for debt instrument investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income and financial assets measured at amortized cost.

Where the fair values of the Level 3 financial assets recorded on the
balance sheet cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined by the application of an appropriate valuation method which was mainly the market approach. The valuation of these financial assets involves significant judgment in the
selection of comparable companies or equity transaction prices and the application of assumptions such as discounts for lack of marketability and valuation multiples, etc. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair
value of the financial assets. Please refer to Note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for more details.

48

Table of Contents

Inventories

Inventories are accounted for on a perpetual basis. Raw materials are stated at actual purchase costs, while the work in process and finished
goods are stated at standard costs and subsequently adjusted to weighted-average costs at the end of each month. The cost of work in progress and finished goods comprises raw materials, direct labor, other direct costs and related production
overheads. Allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of conversion is based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. Cost associated with underutilized capacity is expensed as incurred.

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value item by item. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Please refer to Note 6(4) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Costs of
completion include direct labor and overhead, including depreciation and maintenance of production equipment, indirect labor costs, indirect material costs, supplies, utilities and royalties that is expected to be incurred at normal production
level. We estimate normal production level taking into account loss of capacity resulting from planned maintenance, based on historical experience and current production capacity.

Leases

We adopted “IFRS
16—Leases” (IFRS 16) utilizing the modified retrospective approach and recognized the cumulative effect on January 1, 2019.

The new lease definitions have been applied to all identified contracts in effect on the date of adoption of the IFRS 16, which determines
that the contract contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange of consideration, and to obtain substantially all economic benefits from use of the identified asset. We
lease various properties, such as land (including land use right), buildings, machinery and equipment, transportation equipment and other equipment with lease terms of 1 to 30 years, except for the land use rights with lease term of 50 years and we
recognize corresponding
right-of-use
 assets and lease liabilities, except for short-term leases and
low-value
 asset leases. Lease
liabilities are measured in subsequent periods using the effective interest method, and the interest expenses are recognized over the lease terms.
Right-of-use
 assets
measured under the cost model are depreciated from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
right-of-use
 assets or the end of the lease
terms. Any remeasurement of the lease liabilities results in a corresponding adjustment of the
right-of-use
 assets. For short-term and low value leases, we recognize the
lease payments as expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.

Bonds

Convertible bonds

We evaluate the terms of the convertible bonds issued to determine whether it contains both a liability and an equity component. Furthermore,
we assess if the economic characteristics and risks of the put and call options embedded in the convertible bonds are closely related to the economic characteristics and risk of the host contract before separating the equity element.

For the liability component excluding the derivatives, its fair value is determined based on the effective interest rate applied at that time
by the market to instruments of comparable credit status. The liability component is classified as a financial liability measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method before the instrument is converted or settled. For the embedded
derivative that is not closely related to the host contract, it is classified as a liability component and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it qualifies as an equity component. The equity component is recognized
initially at the difference between the fair value of the compound financial instrument as a whole and the fair value of the liability component. Its carrying amount is not remeasured in the subsequent accounting periods. If the convertible bond
issued does not have an equity component, it is accounted for as a hybrid instrument in accordance with the requirements under IFRS 9 (prior to January 1, 2018: IAS 39).

49

Table of Contents

If the convertible bondholders exercise their conversion right before maturity, we shall
adjust the carrying amount of the liability component. The adjusted carrying amount of the liability component at conversion and the carrying amount of equity component are credited to common stock and additional

paid-in
 capital—premiums. No gain or loss is recognized upon bond conversion.

In addition,
the liability component of convertible bonds is classified as a current liability if within 12 months the bondholders may exercise the put right. After the put right expires, the liability component of the convertible bonds should be reclassified as
a
non-current
 liability if it meets the definition of a
non-current
 liability in all other respects.

Post-Employment Benefits

Under defined
contribution pension plans, the contribution payable to the plan in exchange for the service rendered by an employee during a period shall be recognized as an expense. The contribution payable, after deducting any amount already paid, is recognized
as a liability. Under defined benefit pension plans, the net defined benefit liability (asset) shall be recognized as the amount of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, deducting the fair value of any plan assets and adjusting for
any effect of the asset ceiling. Service cost and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as expenses in the period of service. Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset), which comprises actuarial
gains and losses, the return on plan assets and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding any amounts included in net interest, is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in
other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and shall not be reclassified to profit or loss in a subsequent period.

Defined benefit costs and the present value of the defined benefit obligation for a pension plan are determined using the projected unit
credit method. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions, which include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increase rate, mortality rate, etc., and may differ from actual developments in the future. In determining
the appropriate discount rate, management considers the interest rates of the government bonds extrapolated from maturity corresponding to the expected duration of the defined benefit obligation. As for the rate of future salary increase, management
takes account of past experiences, comparisons within the industry and the geographical region, inflation and the discount rate. Due to the complexity of the actuarial valuation and its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly
sensitive to changes in these assumptions. The assumptions used are disclosed in Note 6(13) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.

Revenue Recognition

2017

Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to us and the revenue can be reliably
measured. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. The specific criteria described below must also be met before revenue is recognized.

Sales revenue

We
manufacture semiconductors for creditworthy customers based on their design specifications, pursuant to manufacturing agreements and/or purchase orders at contractual prices. We ship wafers mainly under the trade term, Free Carrier
(“FCA”), through which the title and risk of loss for the wafers are transferred to the customers upon delivery to carriers approved by the customers. Sales revenue is recognized at this point, having also fulfilled all of the following
criteria pursuant to IAS 18, paragraph 14:

a.   the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the customer;

50

Table of Contents

b.   neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control
over the goods sold have been retained;

c.   the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;

d.   it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and

e.   the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.

Sales revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of sales returns and
discounts, which are estimated based on customer complaints, historical experience and other known factors. Sales returns and discounts are recorded in the same period in which sales are made.

2018 and 2019

We
adopted “IFRS 15—Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15) using the modified retrospective method and recognized the cumulative effect on January 1, 2018.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

We recognize revenue from contracts with customers by applying the following steps of IFRS 15:

a.   identify the contract with a customer;

b.   identify the performance obligations in the contract;

c.   determine the transaction price;

d.   allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

e.   recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies its performance obligations.

Revenues on our contracts with customers for the sales of wafers and joint technology development are recognized as we satisfy our performance
obligations to customers upon transfer of control of promised goods and services. We recognize revenue at transaction price that are determined using contractual prices reduced by sales returns and allowances which we estimate based on historical
experience having determined that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized are not probable to occur. We recognize refund liabilities for estimated sales return and allowances based on the customer complaints, historical
experience, and other known factors.

We recognize accounts receivable when we transfer control of the goods or services to customers and
have a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional. Such accounts receivable are short term and do not contain a significant financing component. For certain contracts that do not provide us unconditional rights to the consideration,
and the transfer of controls of the goods or services has been satisfied, we recognize contract assets and revenues.

Consideration
received from customers prior to having satisfied our performance obligations are accounted for as contract liabilities which are transferred to revenue after the performance obligations are satisfied. We recognize costs to fulfill a contract when
the costs relate directly to the contract, generate or enhance resources to be used to satisfy performance obligations in the future, and are expected to be recovered. The costs and revenues are recognized when we satisfy our performance obligations
to customers upon transfer of control of promised goods and services.

51

Table of Contents

Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment

At each reporting date or whenever events indicate that the asset’s value has declined or significant changes in the market with an
adverse effect have taken place, we assess whether there is an indication that an asset in the scope of “IAS 36—Impairment of Assets” may be impaired. If any indication exists, we complete impairment testing for the cash-generating
unit (“CGU”) to which the individual assets belong. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an
individual asset or CGU is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The fair value less costs of disposal is based on best information available to reflect the amount that an entity could obtain from the disposal of the
asset in an orderly transaction between market participants after deducting the costs of disposal. The value in use is measured at the net present value of the future cash flows the entity expects to derive from the asset or CGU. Cash flow
projection involves subjective judgments and estimates which include the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, capacity that generates future cash flows, capacity of physical output, potential fluctuations of economic cycle in the
industry and our operating situation.

Income Tax

Income tax expense (benefit) is the aggregate amount of current income tax and deferred income tax included in the determination of profit or
loss for the period. Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period and prior periods are measured using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Current income
tax relating to items recognized directly in other comprehensive income or equity is recognized in other comprehensive income or equity rather than profit or loss.

Deferred income tax is determined using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts in financial statements at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates
and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which we expect, at the end of the reporting
period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of our assets and liabilities. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is not recognized in profit or loss but rather in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Deferred tax assets are reassessed and recognized at each reporting date. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the
deferred tax assets to be recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities offset each other, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities, and the deferred taxes relate to the same
taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of complex tax regulations,
changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing of future taxable income. We establish provisions, based on reasonable estimates, for possible consequences of audits by the tax authorities of the respective countries in which we operate. The amount
of such provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous tax audits and different interpretations of tax regulations made by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority. Such differences of interpretation may arise on
a wide variety of issues depending on the conditions prevailing in our respective domicile. If we conclude that it is probable that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, we determine the taxable profit, tax bases, unused tax
losses, unused tax credits or tax rates consistently with the tax treatments used or planned to be used in our income tax filings. If it is not probable that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, we make estimates using
either the most likely amount or the expected value of the tax treatment, depending on which method we expect to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty. We reassess a judgement or estimate if the facts and circumstance change.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all carryforward of unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available or there are sufficient taxable temporary differences against which the unused tax losses, unused tax credits or deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The amount of
deferred tax assets determined to be recognized is based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits and taxable temporary differences. Please refer to Note 6(23) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this annual report for more details on unrecognized deferred tax assets.

52

Table of Contents

A.   Operating Results

Operating Revenues

We generate our
operating revenues primarily from the manufacture and sales of wafer fabricating semiconductor devices and solar energy. We also derive a small portion of our operating revenues from wafer probe services that we perform internally as well as mask
tooling services and assembly and test services that we subcontract to other companies.

Operating Costs

Our operating costs consist principally of:

•   overhead, including depreciation and maintenance of production equipment, indirect labor costs, indirect material
costs, supplies, utilities and royalties;

•   wafer costs;

•   direct labor costs; and

•   service charges paid to subcontractors for mask tooling, assembly and test services.

Our total depreciation expenses were NT$50,965 million, NT$49,949 million and NT$47,173 million (US$1,577 million) in 2017, 2018
and 2019, respectively.

Operating Expenses

Our operating expenses consist of the following:

•   Sales and marketing expenses. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of intellectual property development
expenses, salaries and related personnel expenses, wafer sample expenses and mask expenses. Wafer samples are actual silicon samples of our customers’ early design ideas made with our most advanced processes and provided to those customers;

•   General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries for our
administrative, finance and human resource personnel, fees for professional services, and cost of computer and communication systems to support our operations;

•   Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related
personnel expenses, research testing related expenses and depreciation on the equipment used for our research and development; and

•   Expected credit losses. For notes, accounts receivable and contract assets, we apply a simplified approach in
calculating expected credit losses (ECLs) and recognize a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECLs are measured based on our historical credit loss experience and customers’ current financial condition, adjusted for
forward-looking factors, such as customers’ economic environment.

53

Table of Contents

Net Other Operating Income and Expenses

Net other operating income and expenses consist primarily of:

•   amortization of deferred government grants related to machinery and equipment;

•   gains or losses arising from disposal of property, plant and equipment; and

•   net rental income or loss from property.

Non-operating
 Income and Expenses

Our
non-operating
 income and expenses primarily consist of the following:

1.   Other income, which consists of:

•   interest income, which is primarily derived from time deposits; and

•   dividend income, which is primarily derived from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

2.   Other gains and losses, which principally consist of:

•   gains or losses on valuation of financial assets and liabilities, which are primarily derived from disposal of
and changes in the values of financial assets and liabilities classified as fair value through profit or loss;

•   impairment loss, which is primarily derived from the loss recognized in investments accounted for under the
equity method; and

•   gains or losses on disposal of investments, which are primarily derived from our disposal of investments
accounted for under the equity method.

3.   Finance costs, which principally consist of:

•   interest expenses, which are primarily derived from bonds payable and bank loans; and

•   financial expenses, which are primarily derived from stockholder services proxy fee.

4.   Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures, which is primarily derived from the recognition of
investee companies’ net profit based on the ownership percentage we hold.

5.   Bargain purchase gain, which is derived from the acquisition of United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd. (USJC).
The fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred and the previously held ownership interest of 15.9% in USJC at the acquisition date, and the difference was
recognized as bargain purchase gain.

The previously held ownership interest of 15.9% in USJC was previously accounted
for as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
non-current.
 It was subsequently remeasured at fair value with the consideration for a minority interest discount on the acquisition
date resulting in the bargain purchase gain.

Taxation

The corporate income tax rate in the R.O.C. was previously 17% and is currently 20% starting January 1, 2018 according to the amendments
to the Income Tax Act. Based on our status as a company engaged in the semiconductor business in Taiwan, we have been granted exemptions from income taxes in Taiwan with respect to income attributable to capital increases for the purpose of
purchasing equipment related to the semiconductor business for a period of five years following each such capital increase. In addition, our branch in Singapore enjoys tax exemption for income derived from

tax-exempted
 activities under Singapore’s Income Tax Act and Economic Expansion Incentive (Relief from Income Tax) Act. These tax exemptions resulted in tax savings of approximately NT$1,542 million,
NT$433 million and NT$1,716 million (US$57 million) in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. We also benefit from other tax incentives generally available to technology companies in Taiwan, such as tax credits applicable against corporate
income tax that range from 10% to 15% of qualified research and development expenditures and 3% to 5% of the amount of investment in certain qualified equipment and technology. These tax incentives resulted in tax savings of approximately
NT$306 million, NT$913 million and NT$448 million (US$15 million) in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

54

Table of Contents

The R.O.C. government enacted the R.O.C. Income Basic Tax Act, also known as the
“Alternative Minimum Tax Act”, or the AMT Act, to impose an alternative minimum tax. AMT is a supplemental tax which is payable if the income tax payable pursuant to the R.O.C. Income Tax Act is below the minimum amount prescribed under
the AMT Act. Most
tax-exempt
 income under the R.O.C. Income Tax Act is considered to be taxable under the AMT Act, such as eligible income generated during tax holidays and capital gain from selling domestic
securities, and tax credits are not allowed to deduct AMT. The tax rate for business entities is 12%.

In 1997, the R.O.C. Income Tax Act
was amended to introduce the integrated income tax system and impose 10% tax on undistributed earnings generated from 1998. However, in early 2018, the passed amendments to the Income Tax Act abolished the integrated income tax system and reduced
the tax rate of undistributed earnings by half.

After taking into account the tax exemptions and tax incentives discussed above, we
recorded NT$993 million, NT$(1,130) million and NT$230 million (US$8 million) of income tax expenses (benefit) in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Our effective income tax rate in 2019 was 4.79%.

Comparisons of Results of Operations

The following table sets forth some of our results of operations data as a percentage of our operating revenues for the periods indicated.

Years Ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
%   %   %
Operating revenues   100.0   100.0   100.0
Operating costs   (81.9   )   (84.9   )   (85.6   )
Gross profit   18.1   15.1   14.4
Operating expenses
Sales and marketing   (2.8   )   (2.6   )   (2.6   )
General and administrative   (2.8   )   (3.2   )   (3.6   )
Research and development   (9.2   )   (8.6   )   (8.0   )
Expected credit losses   —   (0.3   )   (0.4   )
Subtotal   (14.8   )   (14.7   )   (14.6   )
Net other operating income and expenses   1.1   3.4   3.5
Operating income   4.4   3.8   3.3
Non-operating income and expenses   0.7   (2.4   )   (0.1   )
Income from continuing operations before income tax   5.1   1.4   3.2
Income tax benefit (expense)   (0.6   )   0.7   (0.1   )
Net income   4.5   2.1   3.1
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   (3.2   )   0.6   1.9
Total comprehensive income   1.3   2.7   5.0
Net income attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   6.5   5.1   5.5

55

Table of Contents

Years Ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
Non-controlling interests   (2.0   )   (3.0   )   (2.4   )
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   3.3   5.7   7.4
Non-controlling interests   (2.0   )   (3.0   )   (2.4   )

Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018

Operating revenues
. Operating revenues decreased by 2.0% from NT$151,253 million in 2018 to NT$148,202 million
(US$4,955 million) in 2019, primarily due to decreased other operating revenues, decreased foundry wafer sale, and 2.5% depreciation of the NTD in 2019 from 2018. The decreased foundry wafer sale came from a decline of 2.9% in average selling price
from 2018 to 2019, partially offset by a 1.1% increase in foundry wafer shipment from 7,108 thousand
8-inch
 equivalent wafers in 2018 to 7,189 thousand
8-inch

equivalent wafers in 2019.

Operating costs.
Operating costs decreased by 1.2% from NT$128,413 million in 2018 to
NT$126,887 million (US$4,242 million) in 2019, primarily due to the decreased depreciation expense and other operating costs, which was partially offset by the increased direct material costs.

Gross profit and gross margin.
 Gross profit decreased from NT$22,840 million in 2018 to NT$21,315 million (US$713
million) in 2019. Our gross margin decreased from 15.1% in 2018 to 14.4% in 2019, primarily due to an annual decline of 2.9% in average selling price.

Operating income and operating margin.
 Operating income decreased from NT$5,680 million in 2018 to NT$4,883 million
(US$163 million) in 2019. Our operating margin decreased from 3.8% in 2018 to 3.3% in 2019. The decrease in operating margin was largely due to the decrease in gross profit, partially offset by the decrease in operating expenses. Operating expenses
decreased by 3.0% from NT$22,277 million in 2018 to NT$21,614 million (US$723 million) in 2019.

Sales and marketing
expenses
. Our sales and marketing expenses decreased by 2.4% from NT$3,902 million in 2018 to NT$3,808 million (US$127 million) in 2019, mainly due to a decrease of NT$78 million (US$3 million) in sample expenses. Our sales
and marketing expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues were both 2.6% in 2018 and 2019.

General and administrative
expenses.
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 7.6% from NT$4,941 million in 2018 to NT$5,319 million (US$178 million) in 2019, mainly due to an increase of NT$344 million (US$11 million) in professional fees.
Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues increased from 3.2% in 2018 to 3.6% in 2019.

Research and development expenses.
 Our research and development expenses decreased by 8.9% from NT$13,025 million in 2018
to NT$11,860 million (US$397 million) in 2019. The decrease in research and development expenses was mainly due to a decrease of NT$898 million (US$30 million) in depreciation expenses, NT$246 million (US$8 million) in maintenance
expenses and NT$154 million (US$5 million) in indirect material expenses. Our research and development expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues decreased from 8.6% in 2018 to 8.0% in 2019.

Expected credit losses.
Our expected credit losses increased from NT$409 million in 2018 to NT$627 million (US$21
million) in 2019. The increase in expected credit losses was mainly due to the loss allowance on accounts receivable assessed by us primarily at an amount equal to the assets’ lifetime expected credit losses. Our expected credit losses as a
percentage of our operating revenues increased from 0.3% in 2018 to 0.4% in 2019.

56

Table of Contents

Net other operating income and expenses.
 Net other operating income increased
by 1.3% from NT$5,117 million in 2018 to NT$5,182 million (US$173 million) in 2019, mainly due to an increase in government grants income from NT$5,221 million in 2018 to NT$5,367 million (US$179 million) in 2019, an impairment
loss of property, plant and equipment of NT$85 million (US$3 million) in 2019, all of which came from new business segment, and a decrease in gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment from NT$137 million in 2018 to
NT$43 million (US$1 million) in 2019. Net other operating income and expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues increased from 3.4% in 2018 to 3.5% in 2019.

Non-operating
 income and expenses.

Non-operating

income and expenses increase by 97.8% from a loss of NT$3,562 million in 2018 to a loss of NT$77 million (US$2 million) in 2019, mainly due to the increase in other gains and losses from a loss of NT$1,128 million in 2018 to a gain of
NT$1,167 million (US$39 million) in 2019, an increase in share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures from a loss of NT$617 million in 2018 to a gain of NT$115 million (US$4 million) in 2019, and an increase in other
income from NT$1,391 million in 2018 to NT$1,706 million (US$57 million) in 2019.

Other comprehensive income (loss), net
of tax.
Our other comprehensive income, net of tax, increased from an income of NT$835 million in 2018 to an income of NT$2,778 million (US$93 million) in 2019. We attributed this change primarily to an increase in unrealized gain
(loss) from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income from a gain of NT$1,035 million in 2018 to a gain of NT$5,092 million (US$170 million) in 2019, the increase in share of other
comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss from a loss of NT$76 million in 2018 to a gain of NT$857 million (US$29 million) in 2019, partially offset by the
increase in the loss of exchange differences on translation of foreign operations from a loss of NT$76 million in 2018 to a loss of NT$3,263 million (US$109 million) in 2019.

Net income attributable to the stockholders of the parent.
 Due to the factors described above, our net income increased by 6.2%
from NT$7,678 million in 2018 to NT$8,155 million (US$273 million) in 2019.

Total comprehensive income attributable to
the stockholders of the parent.
 Due to the factors described above, our comprehensive income increased by 27.1% from NT$8,617 million in 2018 to NT$10,948 million (US$366 million) in 2019.

Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017

Operating revenues
. Operating revenues increased by 1.3% from NT$149,285 million in 2017 to NT$151,253 million in 2018,
primarily due to increased other operating revenues and a 4.0% increase in foundry wafer shipments from 6,837 thousand
8-inch
 equivalent wafers in 2017 to 7,108 thousand
8-inch
 equivalent wafers in 2018, which was partially offset by an annual decline of 3.4% in average selling price, and a 0.9% appreciation of the NTD in 2018 from 2017.

Operating costs.
Operating costs increased by 5.1% from NT$122,227 million in 2017 to NT$128,413 million in 2018,
primarily due to the increased direct material costs and indirect labor costs and an increase in shipments in response to capacity expansion.

Gross profit and gross margin.
 Gross profit decreased from NT$27,058 million in 2017 to NT$22,840 million in 2018. Our
gross margin decreased from 18.1% in 2017 to 15.1% in 2018, primarily due to the increased operating costs.

Operating income and
operating margin.
 Operating income decreased from NT$6,568 million in 2017 to NT$5,680 million in 2018. Our operating margin decreased from 4.4% in 2017 to 3.8% in 2018. The decrease in operating margin was largely due to the
increase in operating costs. Operating costs increased by 5.1% from NT$122,227 million in 2017 to NT$128,413 million in 2018.

Sales and marketing expenses
. Our sales and marketing expenses decreased by 7.8% from NT$4,234 million in 2017 to
NT$3,902 million in 2018. The decrease in sales and marketing expenses was mainly due to a decrease of NT$262 million in sample expenses, NT$262 million in mask expenses and increase of NT$67 million in personnel expenses,
NT$54 million in intellectual property royalty expenses. Our sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues decreased from 2.8% in 2017 to 2.6% in 2018.

57

Table of Contents

General and administrative expenses.
Our general and administrative expenses
increased by 16.5% from NT$4,240 million in 2017 to NT$4,941 million in 2018, mainly due to an increase of NT$287 million in personnel expenses, NT$183 million in professional fee and NT$58 million in depreciation expenses.
Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues increased from 2.8% in 2017 to 3.2% in 2018.

Research and development expenses.
 Our research and development expenses decreased by 4.7% from NT$13,669 million in 2017
to NT$13,025 million in 2018. The decrease in research and development expenses was mainly due to a decrease of NT$378 million in depreciation expenses, NT$358 million in wafer for research and development usage, NT$159 million
in maintenance expenses, NT$128 million in indirect material expenses and increase of NT$379 million in personnel expenses. Our research and development expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues decreased from 9.2% in 2017 to 8.6%
in 2018.

Expected credit losses.
Our expected credit losses increased from nil in 2017 to NT$409 million in 2018. The
increase in expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2018 was mainly due to the loss allowance on contract assets & accounts receivable assessed by us primarily at an amount equal to the assets’ lifetime expected
credit losses. The loss allowance on contract assets & accounts receivable mainly resulted from the indictment filed by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) against us in relation to the joint technology development agreement that
we have with Fujian Jinhua as further detailed in Item 8. Our expected credit losses as a percentage of our operating revenues increased from nil in 2017 to 0.3% in 2018.

Net other operating income and expenses.
 Net other operating income increased by 209.6% from NT$1,653 million in 2017 to
NT$5,117 million in 2018, mainly due to an increase in government grants income from NT$1,710 million in 2017 to NT$5,221 million in 2018. Net other operating income and expenses as a percentage of our operating revenues increased
from 1.1% in 2017 to 3.4% in 2018.

Non-operating
 income and expenses.

Non-operating
 income and expenses decreased by 422.6% from an income of NT$1,104 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$3,562 million in 2018, mainly due to the decrease in other gains and losses from a gain of
NT$994 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$1,128 million in 2018, a decrease in exchange gain from a gain of NT$1,566 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$357 million in 2018, and a decrease in share of profit or loss of associates and
joint ventures from an income of NT$158 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$617 million in 2018.

Other comprehensive income
(loss), net of tax.
Our other comprehensive income, net of tax, increased from a loss of NT$4,815 million in 2017 to an income of NT$835 million in 2018. We attributed this change primarily to the decrease in the loss of exchange
differences on translation of foreign operations from a loss of NT$5,915 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$76 million in 2018, and an increase in unrealized gain (loss) from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income from nil in 2017 to a gain of NT$1,035 million in 2018, partially offset by the decrease in share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss from an income of NT$571 million in 2017 to a loss of NT$23 million in 2018, and the decrease in unrealized gain (loss) on
available-for-sale
 financial
assets from a gain of NT$681 million in 2017 to nil in 2018.

Net income attributable to the stockholders of the
parent.
 Due to the factors described above, our net income decreased by 20.6% from NT$9,676 million in 2017 to NT$7,678 million in 2018.

Total comprehensive income attributable to the stockholders of the parent.
 Due to the factors described above, our comprehensive
income increased by 73.3% from NT$4,973 million in 2017 to NT$8,617 million in 2018.

58

Table of Contents

B.   Liquidity and Capital Resources

The foundry business is highly capital intensive. Our development over the past three years has required investments. Additional expansion for
the future generally will continue to require significant cash for acquisition of plant and equipment to support increased capacities, particularly for the production of
12-inch
 wafers, although our expansion
program will be adjusted from time to time to reflect market conditions. In addition, the semiconductor industry has historically experienced rapid changes in technology. To maintain competitiveness at the same capacity, we are required to make
adequate investments in plant and equipment. In addition to our need for liquidity to support the large fixed costs of capacity expansion and the upgrading of our existing plants and equipment for new technologies, as we ramp up production of new
plant capacity, we require significant working capital to support purchases of raw materials for our production and to cover variable operating costs such as salaries until production yields provide sufficiently positive margins for a fabrication
facility to produce operating cash flows.

Resource for Liquidity

We have financed our capital expenditure requirements in recent years from operating cash inflows, bank borrowings, as well as the issuance of
bonds and equity-linked securities denominated in NT dollars and U.S. dollars. Operating cash inflows significantly exceed operating income, reflecting the significant
non-cash
 depreciation expense.

As of December 31, 2019, we had NT$95,492 million (US$3,193 million) of cash and cash equivalents and NT$723 million (US$24
million) of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Cash equivalents included time deposits and commercial paper with original maturities of three months or less and repurchase agreements collateralized by government bonds and
corporate bonds. These agreements bore interest rates ranging from 0.24% to 0.32%, 0.24% to 0.46% and 0.26% to 0.46% in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The terms of these agreements were typically less than one month. As of December 31,
2017, 2018 and 2019, we held repurchase agreements in the amount of NT$9,259 million, NT$9,495 million and NT$9,135 million (US$305 million), respectively.

In early June 2012, we issued five-year and seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bonds totaling NT$10,000 million, with a face value
of NT$1 million per unit. The five-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$7,500 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.43%. The seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of
NT$2,500 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.63%. All the principal have been fully repaid. The proceeds of this offering are used for purchasing machinery and equipment.

In
mid-March
 2013, we issued another five-year and seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bonds
totaling NT$10,000 million, with a face value of NT$1 million per unit. The five-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$7,500 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.35%. The principal has been
fully repaid. The seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$2,500 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.50%, and the principal will be repayable in March 2020 upon maturity. The proceeds of this offering
were used for purchasing machinery and equipment. As of December 31, 2019, NT$2,500 million aggregate principal amount of these bonds were outstanding.

In
mid-June
 2014, we issued an aggregate principal amount of NT$5,000 million of seven-year and
ten-year
 domestic unsecured corporate bonds, with a denomination of NT$1 million per bond. The seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued with an aggregate principal amount of NT$2,000 million
with an annual coupon bearing an interest rate of 1.7%. The
ten-year
 domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued with an aggregate principal amount of NT$3,000 million with an annual coupon bearing an
interest rate of 1.95%. The proceeds of this offering were used for repay debts. As of December 31, 2019, NT$5,000 million aggregate principal amount of these bonds were outstanding.

In
mid-May
 2015, we issued five-year US$600 million aggregate principal amount of currency linked
zero coupon convertible bonds due 2020. Each bond, at the option of the holder, were convertible into our common shares at NT$14.2179 per share on December 31, 2019. The proceeds of this offering were used for purchasing machinery and
equipment. In 2019, certain bondholders had converted the outstanding principal amount of the convertible bonds totaling US$15 million into 33 million shares, of which capital increase share registration procedures have not been completed
and were classified as capital collected in advance as of December 31, 2019.

59

Table of Contents

In late March 2017, we issued another five-year and seven-year domestic unsecured corporate
bonds totaling NT$8,300 million, with a face value of NT$1 million per unit. The five-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$6,200 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.15%, and the principal will
be repayable in March 2022 upon maturity. The seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$2,100 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.43%, and the principal will be repayable in March 2024 upon maturity.
The proceeds of this offering were used for repay debts. As of December 31, 2019, NT$8,300 million aggregate principal amount of these bonds were outstanding.

In early October 2017, we issued another five-year and seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bonds totaling NT$5,400 million, with a
face value of NT$1 million per unit. The five-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$2,000 million. Interest will be paid annually at 0.94%, and the principal will be repayable in October 2022 upon maturity.
The seven-year domestic unsecured corporate bond was issued in the amount of NT$3,400 million. Interest will be paid annually at 1.13%, and the principal will be repayable in October 2024 upon maturity. The proceeds of this offering were used
for repay debts. As of December 31, 2019, NT$5,400 million aggregate principal amount of these bonds were outstanding.

At our
2018 annual general meeting, our stockholders authorized our board of directors to raise capital from private placement, through issuing securities such as common shares, depositary receipts (including but not limited to ADS), or Euro/Domestic
convertible bonds (including secured or unsecured corporate bonds), based on market conditions and our needs. The amount of common shares issued or convertible is proposed to be no more than 10% of our issued and outstanding share capital (i.e., no
more than 1,262,431,871 common shares). According to Item 6, Article
43-6
 of the R.O.C. Security and Exchange Act, any private placement of our common shares must be conducted separately within one year after
approval at the annual general meeting of stockholders. The approval to conduct a private placement of our common shares has expired on June 12, 2019.

Operating Activities

In
2019, net cash provided by operating activities was NT$54,904 million (US$1,836 million), primarily due to net income before income tax of NT$4,806 million (US$161 million) and the
add-back
 of
non-cash
 items, such as depreciation and amortization in the amount of NT$49,390 million (US$1,651 million).

In 2018, net cash provided by operating activities was NT$50,935 million, primarily due to net income before income tax of
NT$2,118 million and the
add-back
 of
non-cash
 items, such as depreciation and amortization in the amount of NT$52,049 million.

In 2017, net cash provided by operating activities was NT$52,474 million, primarily due to net income before income tax of
NT$7,672 million and the
add-back
 of
non-cash
 items, such as depreciation and amortization in the amount of NT$53,099 million, partially offset by the change
in other current assets of NT$4,398 million.

Investing Activities

In 2019, net cash used in investing activities was NT$31,682 million (US$1,059 million), primarily due to cash used to purchase equipment
at our fabs amounting to NT$16,518 million (US$552 million) and acquisition of subsidiary (net of cash acquired) amounting to NT$12,801 (US$428 million).

In 2018, net cash used in investing activities was NT$15,500 million, primarily due to cash used to purchase equipment at our fabs
amounting to NT$19,590 million and partially offset by proceeds of NT$7,130 million from government grants related to assets acquisition.

60

Table of Contents

In 2017, net cash used in investing activities was NT$35,416 million, primarily due to
cash used to purchase equipment at our fabs amounting to NT$44,236 million, partially offset by proceeds of NT$6,756 million from government grants related to assets acquisition and proceeds of NT$2,179 million from disposal of
financial assets.

Financing Activities

In 2019, net cash used in financing activities was NT$9,867 million (US$330 million), primarily due to the net decrease from bonds
redemption of NT$2,500 million (US$84 million), NT$6,911 million (US$231 million) for cash dividend payment, and treasury stock acquired of NT$2,972 million (US$99 million), partially offset by NT$2,883 (US$96 million) due to the
increase in bank loans.

In 2018, net cash used in financing activities was NT$33,485 million, primarily due to the decrease in bank
loans of NT$14,168 million, the net decrease from bonds redemption of NT$7,500 million, NT$8,558 million for cash dividend payment, and treasury stock acquired and sold to employees of NT$3,944 million.

In 2017, net cash provided by financing activities was NT$9,162 million, primarily due to the increase in bank loans of
NT$10,277 million and the net increase from bonds issuance and redemption of NT$6,200 million, partially offset by NT$6,103 million for cash dividend payment.

We had NT$12,015 million (US$402 million) in outstanding short-term loans as of December 31, 2019. We had total availability under
existing short-term lines of credit of NT$64,169 million (US$2,145 million) as of December 31, 2019.

We had bonds payable of
NT$38,781 million (US$1,297 million) in the aggregate as of December 31, 2019.

The following table sets forth our outstanding
long-term bank loans as of December 31, 2019:

Unsecured long-term bank loans   Secured long-term bank loans
(in NT$ millions)   (in US$ millions)   (in NT$ millions)   (in US$ millions)
Due in 2020   939   31   3,763   126
Due in 2021   4,121   138   3,763   126
Due in 2022   1,833   61   7,499   251
Due in 2023   —   —   7,494   251
Due in 2024   —   —   4,478   150
Due in 2025 & thereafter   —   —   12   0

The interest rates of our long-term bank loans range from 0.55% to 5.56%.

As of December 31, 2019, the current portion of bonds due within one year was NT$20,094 million (US$672 million), and the current
portion of long-term bank loans due within one year was NT$4,702 million (US$157 million).

Capital Expenditures

We will continue to moderate the expansion pace for leading edge capacity to focus on diversifying existing logic and specialty technology
offerings to our customers. As of December 31, 2019, the construction contracts amounted to NT$1,958 million (US$65 million) and the portion of the contracts not yet recognized was approximately NT$441 million (US$15 million). In
2017, 2018 and 2019, we incurred capital expenditures of approximately NT$44,236 million, NT$19,590 million and NT$17,760 million (US$594 million), respectively, primarily to purchase equipment for research and development and
production.

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to meet our working
capital and capital expenditure requirements at least through the end of 2020. Due to rapid changes in technology in the semiconductor industry, however, we have frequent demand for investment in new manufacturing technologies. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to raise additional capital, should that become necessary, on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If financing is not available on terms acceptable to us, management intends to reduce expenditures so as to delay the need for
additional financing. To the extent that we do not generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to meet our cash requirements, we may rely on external borrowings and securities offerings to finance our working capital needs or our future
expansion plans. The sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Our ability to meet our working capital needs from cash flow from operations will be affected by the demand for our
products and change in our product mix, which in turn may be adversely affected by several factors. Many of these factors are beyond our control, such as economic downturns and declines in the average selling price of our products. The average
selling price of our products have been subjected to downward pressure in the past and are reasonably likely to be subject to further downward pressure in the future. We have not historically relied on, and we do not plan to rely on in the
foreseeable future,
off-balance
 sheet financing arrangements to finance our operations or expansion.

61

Table of Contents

Transactions with Related Parties

See “Item 7. Major Stockholders and Related Party Transactions—B. Related Party Transactions” and Note 7 to our audited
consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

Inflation/Deflation

We do not believe that inflation in the R.O.C. has had a material impact on our results of operations.

C.   Research, Development, Patents and Licenses, Etc.

The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid changes in technology, frequently resulting in obsolescence of process technologies and
products. As a result, effective research and development is essential to our success. We invested approximately NT$13,669 million, NT$13,025 million and NT$11,860 million (US$397 million) in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, in
research and development, which represented 9.2%, 8.6% and 8.0%, respectively, of operating revenues for such years. We believe that our continuous spending on research and development will help us achieve positive results in the development of
advanced and specialty technologies. As of December 31, 2019, we employed 1,731 professionals in our research and development division.

Our current research and development activities seek to optimize the use of available capacity by developing new process platforms into
existing technology nodes. Although we emphasize firm-wide participation in the research and development process, we maintain central research and development teams primarily responsible for developing cost-effective technologies that can serve the
manufacturing needs of our customers. Monetary incentives are provided to our employees if projects result in successful patents. We believe we have a strong foundation in research and development and intend to continue our efforts on technology
developments. Our top management believes in the value of continued support of research and development efforts and intends to continue our foundry position by providing customers with comprehensive technology and SoC solutions in the industry.

D.   Trend Information

Please refer to “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Overview” for a discussion of the most significant recent
trends in our production, sales, costs and selling prices. In addition, please refer to discussions included in this Item for a discussion of known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that we believe are reasonably likely to have
a material effect on our operating revenues, income from continuing operations, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that would cause reported financial information not necessarily to be indicative of future operating results or
financial condition.

E.   Off-balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not generally provide letters of credit to, or guarantees for, or engage in any repurchase financing transactions with any entity other
than our consolidated subsidiaries. We have in the past, from time to time, entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our existing assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and identifiable foreign currency purchase
commitments. We do not engage in any speculative activities using derivative instruments. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.”

62

Table of Contents

F.   Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

The following table sets forth our contractual obligations and commitments with definitive payment terms on a consolidated basis which will
require significant cash outlays in the future as of December 31, 2019.

Payments Due by Period
Total   Less than 1 Year   1-3 Years   4-5 Years   After 5 Years
(in NT$ millions)
Long-term debt (1)
Unsecured bonds   39,940   20,660   10,590   8,690   —
Loans   51,058   18,316   19,632   13,098   12
Lease obligations (2)   7,128   741   1,414   1,181   3,792
Purchase obligations (3)   38,878   29,832   2,845   1,810   4,391
Other long-term obligations (4)   21,411   101   12,765   8,446   99
Total contractual cash obligations   158,415   69,650   47,246   33,225   8,294

(1)   Assuming the domestic bonds are paid off upon maturity.

(2)   Represents our obligations to make lease payments mainly to use machineries, equipment, office and land on
which our fabs are located, primarily in the Hsinchu Science Park and the Tainan Science Park in Taiwan, Pasir Ris Wafer Fab Park in Singapore.

(3)   Represents commitments for purchase of raw materials and construction contracts, intellectual properties and
royalties payable under our technology license agreements. These commitments include the amounts which are not recorded on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2019.

(4)   Represents the guarantee deposits and financial liability for the repurchase of other investors’
investment. The amounts of payments due under these agreements are determined based on fixed contract amounts.

G.   Safe Harbor

See “Forward-Looking Statements in This Annual Report May Not Be Realized.”

ITEM 6   DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

A.   Directors and Senior Management

The following table sets forth the name, age, position, tenure and biography of each of our directors and executives as of March 31, 2020.
There is no family relationship among any of these persons.

The business address of our directors and executive officers is the same as
our registered address.

Name   Age   Position   Year(s) with Us
Stan Hung   59   Chairman, Director and Chief Strategic Officer   28
SC Chien   62   Co-president and Director (Representative of Hsun Chieh
Investment Co., Ltd.)   31
Jason Wang   57   Co-president and Director (Representative of Silicon
Integrated Systems Corp.)   12
Cheng-Li Huang (1)   71   Independent Director   11
Lih J. Chen (1)   73   Independent Director   2
Jyuo-Min Shyu (1)   66   Independent Director   2
Wenyi Chu (1)   53   Independent Director   5
Chung-Laung Liu   86   Director   14
Ting-Yu Lin   58   Director   14
Chitung Liu   54   Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Governance   19

(1)   Member of the Audit Committee.

63

Table of Contents

Stan Hung
is a director, Chief Strategic Officer and the Chairman of our company.
Mr. Hung was our chief financial officer and senior vice president from 2000 to 2007. He was also the Chairman of Epitech Technology Corporation in 2007 and ITE Technology Corporation for a portion of 2008, respectively. Prior to
re-joining
 United Microelectronics Corporation in 1991, Mr. Hung was a financial manager at Optoelectronics Corporation. He is also the chairman of Fortune Venture Capital Corp., TLC Capital Co. Ltd., Faraday
Technology Corporation, HeJian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., UMC Capital Corp., and a director of Triknight Capital Corporation, United Microelectronics (Europe) B.V. and UMC Capital (USA). Mr. Hung received a bachelor’s degree in
accounting from Tam Kang University in 1982.

SC Chien
is a director and the President of our company. Mr. Chien is a
representative of Hsun Chieh Investment Co., Ltd. and he is also a director of Fortune Venture Capital Corp., TLC Capital Co., Ltd., Wavetek Microelectronics Corporation, Epistar Corp., United Semiconductor (XIAMEN) Co., Ltd., and UMC Capital Corp.
Mr. Chien received a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from National Taiwan University.

Jason Wang
is a director
and the President of our company. Mr. Wang is a representative of Silicon Integrated Systems Corp. and also serves on the board of directors of UMC GROUP (USA) since 2004. Mr. Wang joined UMC as Vice President of Corporate Marketing in
2008, and from 2009 to 2014, served as President of UMC GROUP (USA) responsible for business operation efficiency enhancement and UMC North America strategic business development. Mr. Wang is also a director of Fortune Venture Capital Corp.,
TLC Capital Co., Ltd., Wavetek Microelectronics Corporation, United Microelectronics (Europe) B.V., UMC Capital Corp., UMC Capital (USA), United Microtechnology Corporation (New York), United Microtechnology (California) and Sino Paragon Limited.
Mr. Wang did his undergraduate study in Business Administration at San Jose State University.

Cheng-Li
 Huang
is an independent director of our company. Professor Huang was a professor of
Tamkang University and served as its Comptroller. He was also the chief executive of Tamkang Accounting Education Foundation and the publisher of Journal of Contemporary Accounting. Professor Huang received a Ph.D. degree in accounting from
University of Warwick in 1999.

Lih J. Chen
 is an independent director of our company. Professor Chen is the Distinguished Chair
Professor of National Tsing Hua University. Professor Chen received a Ph.D. degree in physics from University of California, Berkeley in 1974.

Jyuo-Min
 Shyu
 is an independent director of our company. Dr. Shyu is an Emeritus Professor
at National Tsing Hua University. He was also the Minister of Ministry of Science and Technology and the President of Industrial Technology Research Institute. Dr.Shyu is also an independent director of Inventec Corporation, as well as a director of
Iridium Medical Technology Co., Ltd, GeoThings, Inc. and Modern Classic Limited. Professor Shyu received a Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from University of California, Berkeley in 1988.

Wenyi Chu
is an independent director of our company. Professor Chu is a professor of business administration at National Taiwan
University. Professor Chu was the chairwoman of Graduate Institute of Business Administration and Department of Business Administration in National Taiwan University from 2012 to 2014. Professor Chu received a Ph.D. degree in Strategy and
International Management from London Business School, United Kingdom in 1997.

Chung-Laung Liu
 is a director of our company.
Professor Liu was the William M.W. Mong Honorary Chair Professor of National Tsing Hua University. Professor Liu is also the Chairman of TrendForce Corp., an independent director of Microelectronics Technology Inc., Powerchip Semiconductor Corp.,
Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd., Accton Technology Corporation, as well as a director of Macronix International Co., Ltd., UBI BioPharma Inc. and GeoThings, Inc. Professor Liu received a doctorate degree in science from Massachusetts
Institute of Technology in 1962.

64

Table of Contents

Ting-Yu
 Lin
is a director of our company.
Mr. Lin is also the chairman of Sunrox International Inc. Mr. Lin received a master’s degree in international finance from Meiji University in 1993.

Chitung Liu
 is the Chief Financial Officer and the Senior Vice President of our company. On March 6, 2019, Mr. Chitung Liu
was appointed as our Head of Corporate Governance. Prior to joining our company in 2001, Mr. Liu was a managing director of UBS. Mr. Liu is a director of Fortune Venture Capital Corp., TLC Capital Co., Ltd., Unimicron Technology Corp.,
Novatek Microelectronic Corp., Hejian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., UMC Group (USA), Green Earth Limited, ECP Vita Pte. Ltd., Omni Global Limited, UMC Capital Corp., United Microchip Corporation, Sino Paragon Limited and United Semiconductor Japan
Co., Ltd. Mr. Liu received an executive MBA degree from National Taiwan University in 2009.

B.   Compensation

The aggregate compensation paid and benefits in kind granted to our directors in 2019 were approximately NT$29.5 million (US$1.0 million).
The remuneration was out of our 2019 earnings distribution plan, and the distribution percentage for directors is 0.30%. See “Item 10. Additional Information—B. Memorandum and Articles of Association—Dividends and Distributions”.
Some of the remuneration was paid to the legal entities that certain directors represent. The aggregate compensation paid and benefits in kind granted to our executive officers in 2019 were approximately NT$234.9 million (US$7.8 million), which
include NT$41.9 million (US$1.4 million) as bonus.

C.   Board Practices

All of our directors were elected in June 2018 for a term of three years. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries has entered into a contract
with any of our directors by which our directors are expected to receive benefits upon termination of their services.

Audit   Committee

Our board of directors established an audit committee in March 2005. In the annual general meeting held on June 13, 2008, we amended our
articles of incorporation to introduce the mechanism of an Audit Committee. See “Item 10. Additional Information—B. Memorandum and Articles of Association—Directors”. After the
re-election

of directors in the annual general meeting on June 12, 2018, our board of directors appointed
Cheng-Li
 Huang, Lih J. Chen,
Jyuo-Min
 Shyu and Wenyi Chu to be the members
of the audit committee. Each audit committee member is an independent director who is financially literate with accounting or related financial management expertise. The audit committee meets as often as it deems necessary to carry out its
responsibilities. Pursuant to an audit committee charter, the audit committee has responsibility for, among other things, overseeing the qualifications, independence and performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors, and
overseeing the accounting policies and financial reporting and disclosure practices of our company. The audit committee also has the authority to engage special legal, accounting or other consultants it deems necessary in the performance of its
duties.

Remuneration Committee

The
R.O.C. Securities and Exchange Act, as amended on November 24, 2010, further introduced the mechanism of a “Remuneration Committee”, which requires publicly listed companies in the R.O.C., including our company, to adopt a
remuneration committee. Pursuant to the Regulations Governing the Establishment and Exercise of Powers by Compensation Committees of Public Companies, the remuneration committee shall be composed of no less than three members commissioned by the
board of directors. In addition, for a company with independent directors, such as us, at least one of the remuneration committee members shall be an independent director. We established a remuneration committee in accordance with Article
14-6
 of the R.O.C. Securities and Exchange Act on April 27, 2011. We amended our articles of incorporation to implement the mechanism of our remuneration committee during the annual general meeting held on
June 15, 2011. After the
re-election
 of directors in the annual general meeting on June 12, 2018, our board of directors appointed
Cheng-Li
 Huang, Lih J. Chen,
Jyuo-Min
 Shyu and Wenyi Chu to serve as members of the remuneration committee.

65

Table of Contents

Pursuant to applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing standards we as a foreign private issuer
are required to disclose any significant ways in which our corporate governance practices differ from those followed by NYSE-listed U.S. domestic companies under the NYSE’s listing standards. A copy of the significant differences between our
corporate governance practices and NYSE corporate governance rules applicable to U.S. companies is available on our website
http://www.umc.com/English/investors/Corp gov difference.asp
.

Nominating Committee

Our board of
directors established a nominating committee in December 2017. Our nominating committee initially consists of Chung-Laung Liu,
Cheng-Li
 Huang and Wenyi Chu, each of whom is an independent director. The
nominating committee is to assist the board to enhance the management mechanism and improve corporate governance for our sustainable development. The objectives of our nominating committee include: (i) to constitute the nomination policy and
succession plans of the directors and the executives, and to review and propose the candidate list of the directors and the executives accordingly; (ii) to construct and to develop the operation of our board and the board committees, as well as
to plan and to execute the performance assessment of the board, the board committees and the executives, and (iii) to enhance the corporate governance system and practices in order to protect the interests of our stakeholders.

D.   Employees

As of December 31, 2019, we had 19,577 employees, which included 11,328 engineers, 7,416 technicians and 833 administrative staff
performing administrative functions on a consolidated basis. We have in the past implemented, and may in the future evaluate the need to implement, labor redundancy plans based on the work performance of our employees.

As of December 31,
2017   2018   2019
Employees
Engineers   11,846   11,651   11,328
Technicians   7,432   7,494   7,416
Administrative Staff   798   784   833
Total   20,076   19,929   19,577

Employee salaries are reviewed annually. Salaries are adjusted based on industry standards, inflation and
individual performance. As an incentive, additional bonuses in cash may be paid at the discretion of management based on the performance of individuals. In addition, except under certain circumstances, R.O.C. law requires us to reserve from 10% to
15% of any offerings of our new common shares for employees’ subscription.

Our employees participate in our profit distribution
pursuant to our articles of incorporation. Employees are entitled to receive additional bonuses based on a certain percentage of our allocable surplus income. On February 26, 2020, our board of directors proposed an employee bonus in cash in
the aggregate amount of NT$1,133 million (US$38 million) in relation to retained earnings in 2019.

Our employees are not
covered by any collective bargaining agreements. We believe we have a good relationship with our employees.

E.   Share Ownership

As of March 31, 2020, each of our directors and executive officers held common shares and/or ADSs of United Microelectronics, either
directly for their own account or indirectly as the representative of another legal entity on our board of directors, except for
Cheng-Li
 Huang, Lih J. Chen,
Jyuo-Min

Shyu and Wenyi Chu, our independent directors. As of April 12, 2020, our most recent record date, Hsun Chieh Investment Co. held approximately 441 million of our common shares, representing approximately 3.75% of our issued and outstanding
share capital. Silicon Integrated Systems Corp. held approximately 285 million of our common shares, representing approximately 2.42% of our issued and outstanding share capital. Chairman Mr. Hung held approximately 40 million of our
common shares, representing approximately 0.34% of our issued and outstanding share capital.
Ting-Yu
 Lin held approximately 13 million of our common shares, representing approximately 0.11% of our issued
and outstanding share capital.

66

Table of Contents

We have adopted employee stock option plans in the past, pursuant to which options may be
granted to our full-time regular employees, including those of our domestic and overseas subsidiaries. The exercise price for the options would be the closing price of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange on the day the options are
granted, while the expiration date for such options is six years from the date of its issuance. All stock options we previously granted had expired.

According to our Employee Stock Options Plan, an option holder may exercise an increasing portion of his or her options starting two years
after the grant of the options. According to the vesting schedule, 50%, 75% and 100% of such option holder’s options shall vest two, three and four years after the grant of the options, respectively. Upon a voluntary termination or termination
in accordance with the R.O.C. Labor Law, the option holder shall exercise his or her vested options within 30 days, subject to exceptions provided therein, and after the termination otherwise such options shall terminate. If termination was due to
death, the heirs of such option holder have one year starting from the date of the death to exercise his or her vested options. If termination was due to retirement or occupational casualty, the option holder or his or her heirs may exercise all his
or her options within a certain period as provided. The options are generally not transferable or pledgeable by the option holders.

ITEM 7   MAJOR STOCKHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

A.   Major Stockholders

The following table sets forth information known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares as of
(i) April 12, 2020, our most recent record date, and (ii) as of certain record dates in each of the preceding three years, for (1) the stockholders known by us to beneficially own more than 2% of our common shares and
(2) all directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules.

As of April 14, 2018   As of April 14, 2019   As of April 12, 2020
Number of common shares beneficially owned   Number of common shares beneficially owned   Number of common shares beneficially owned   Number of common shares beneficially owned
Name of Beneficial Owner
Hsun Chieh Investment Co., Ltd. (1)   3.50   %   3.64   %   441,371,000   3.75   %
Silicon Integrated Systems Corp.   2.50   %   2.35   %   285,380,424   2.42   %
Directors and executive officers as a group   6.32   %   6.67   %   832,664,416   7.07   %

(1)   36.49% owned by United Microelectronics Corporation as of March 31, 2020.

None of our major stockholders have different voting rights from those of our other stockholders. To the best of our knowledge, we are not
directly or indirectly controlled by another corporation, by any foreign government or by any other natural or legal person severally or jointly.

For information regarding our common shares held or beneficially owned by persons in the United States, see “Item 9. The Offer and
Listing—A. Offer and Listing Details—Market Price Information for Our American Depositary Shares” in this annual report.

67

Table of Contents

B.   Related Party Transactions

From time to time we have engaged in a variety of transactions with our affiliates. The sales and purchase prices with related parties are
determined through mutual agreement in reference to market conditions.

The following table shows our aggregate equity ownership interest,
on a consolidated basis, in major related fabless design companies that we enter into transactions from time to time as of December 31, 2019.

Name   Ownership %
Silicon Integrated Systems Corp.   19.73
Faraday Technology Corp.   13.78

We provide foundry services to these fabless design company and the sales price was determined through
arms-length negotiation and mutual agreement in reference to market conditions. We generated total of NT$1,388 million, NT$1,319 million and NT$1,563 million (US$52 million) of our operating revenues in 2017, 2018 and 2019,
respectively, from the provision of our foundry services to these two companies. For more information, please refer to Note 7 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

C.   Interests of Experts and Counsel

Not applicable.

ITEM 8   FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A.   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

Please refer to Item 18 for a list of all financial statements filed as part of this annual report on Form

20-F.

Legal and Administrative Proceedings

We may, from time to time, become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business.

On July 1, 2016, IBM filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that UMC failed
to pay the technology license fee in accordance with the technology license agreement. UMC appealed a judgment issued on September 15, 2017 by the United States District Court of Southern District of New York for the subject matter. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit made a summary order on March 11, 2019, vacated part of the district court’s judgment and remanded the case. On March 27, 2019, UMC and IBM reached a settlement of US$3.8 million and
a technology license agreement, under which IBM shall grant process-related patent licenses to UMC in exchange for royalties.

On
August 31, 2017, the Taichung District Prosecutors Office indicted us based on the Trade Secret Act of R.O.C., alleging that our employees misappropriated the trade secrets of Micron Technology Inc., or Micron. On December 5, 2017, Micron
filed a civil action with similar cause against us with the United States District Court, Northern District of California. Micron claimed entitlement to the actual damages, treble damages and relevant fees and requested the court to issue an order
that enjoins us from using its trade secrets in question. We have appointed counsels to prepare answers against these charges. Currently the civil complaint has been stayed by the court and the criminal proceeding is ongoing.

On January 12, 2018, we filed three patent infringement actions with the Fuzhou Intermediate People’s Court against, among others,
Micron (Xi’an) Co., Ltd. and Micron (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd., requesting the court to order the defendants to stop manufacturing, processing, importing, selling, and committing to sell the products deploying the infringing patents in
question, and also to destroy all inventories and related molds and tools. On July 3, 2018, the Fuzhou Intermediate People’s Court granted preliminary injunction against the aforementioned two defendants, holding that the two defendants
must immediately cease to manufacture, sell, and import products that infringe our patent rights. The court has approved withdrawal of one of the patent infringement actions on our motion while the other two actions are still on trial.

68

Table of Contents

On November 1, 2018, the Department of Justice of the United States, or DOJ, unsealed
an indictment against us, Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co., Ltd. or Jinhua, and three individuals, including our one current employee and two former employees, alleging that we and others conspired to steal trade secrets of Micron, and used that
information to develop technology that was subsequently transferred to Jinhua. On the same day, the DOJ filed a civil complaint enjoining the aforementioned defendants from exporting to the United States any products containing DRAM manufactured by
us or Jinhua and preventing the defendants from transferring the trade secrets to anyone else. Please refer to Item 10 C. Material Contracts—DRAM Technology Cooperation Agreement, dated May 13, 2016, between UMC and Fujian Jinhua” for
further details about the cooperation arrangement with Jinhua. We have appointed counsels to prepare answers against these charges. Besides, we have suspended the joint technology development activities with Jinhua. Currently the civil complaint has
been stayed by the court and the criminal proceeding is ongoing. Given these litigations are still in the preliminary stages, we cannot assess the legal proceeding and probable outcome or impact.

On March 14, 2019, a putative class action styled Meyer v. us and several executives, was filed under Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
Rule
10b-5
 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The court appointed a lead plaintiff and approved lead plaintiff counsel on May 23, 2019. On September 27, 2019,
we received the service of plaintiffs’ amended complaint and appointed counsels to prepare the relevant procedures. Currently the mediation process is ongoing.

Other than the abovementioned legal proceedings, we are not currently involved in any material litigation or other proceedings that may have,
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on our financial position or profitability.

Dividend Policy

As for our policy on dividend distributions, see “Item 10. Additional Information—B. Memorandum and Articles of
Association—Dividends and Distributions”. On June 8, 2017, our stockholders approved a cash distribution of NT$0.50 per common share for an aggregate of NT$6,112,159,358. On June 12, 2018, our stockholders approved a cash dividend of
NT$0.7 per common share for an aggregate of NT$8,557,023,101. On June 12, 2018, our board of directors resolved to adjust the cash dividend ratio to NT$0.71164307 per common share because the number of outstanding common shares had changed as a
result of our repurchase of treasury common shares. On June 12, 2019, our stockholders approved a cash dividend of NT$0.58 per common share for an aggregate of NT$6,916,104,855. On June 19, 2019, our board of directors resolved to adjust
the cash dividend ratio to NT$0.58989396 per common share because the number of outstanding common shares had changed as a result of our repurchase of treasury common shares. On February 26, 2020, our board of directors proposed dividends of
NT$9,765,154,720 (approximately NT$0.75 per common share) which are expected to be approved at our annual general meeting on June 10, 2020.

69

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth the cash dividends per share and stock dividends per share as
a percentage of common shares outstanding paid during each of the years indicated in respect of common shares outstanding at the end of each such year, except as otherwise noted.

Cash Dividend per Share   Stock Dividend per Share   Total Number of Common Shares Issued as Stock Dividend   Number of Outstanding Common Shares at Year End
NT$   NT$
1997   —   3.0   868,629,276   4,117,758,265
1998   —   2.9   1,199,052,940   5,480,221,725
1999   —   1.5   834,140,790   6,638,054,462
2000   —   2.0   1,809,853,716   11,439,016,900
2001   —   1.5   1,715,104,035   13,169,235,416
2002   —   1.5   1,968,018,212   15,238,578,646
2003   —   0.4   607,925,145   15,941,901,463
2004   —   0.8   1,288,558,185   17,550,800,859
2005   0.1029   1.029   1,758,736,435   18,856,632,324
2006   0.409141420   0.10228530   179,031,672   19,131,192,690
2007   0.7   —   —   13,214,494,883
2008   0.75   0.45   562,958,816   12,987,771,315
2009   —   —   —   12,987,771,315
2010   0.5   —   —   12,987,912,315
2011   1.11164840   —   —   13,084,341,565
2012   0.49980232   —   —   12,951,805,540
2013   0.40639654   —   —   12,692,081,665
2014   0.50   —   —   12,725,207,790
2015   0.54969673   —   —   12,758,132,915
2016   0.56501906   —   —   12,624,318,715
2017   0.50   —   —   12,624,318,715
2018   0.71164307   —   —   12,424,318,715
2019   0.58989396   —   —   11,724,318,715

(1)   We declare stock dividends in an NT dollar amount per share, but we pay the stock dividends to our stockholders
in the form of common shares. The amount of common shares distributed to each stockholder is calculated by multiplying the dividend declared by the number of common shares held by the given stockholder, divided by the par value of NT$10 per share.
Fractional common shares are not issued but are paid in cash.

B.   Significant Changes

For the significant subsequent events following the close of the last financial year up to the date of this annual report on Form
20-F,
 please refer to Note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.

ITEM 9   THE OFFER AND LISTING

A.   Offer and Listing Details

Market Information for Our Common Shares

Our common shares have been listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange under the symbol “2303” since July 1985. There is no public market
outside Taiwan for our common shares.

Market Information for Our American Depositary Shares

Our ADSs have been listed on the NYSE under the symbol “UMC” since September 19, 2000. The outstanding ADSs are identified by
the CUSIP number 910873405. Each of our ADSs represents the right to receive five common shares.

As of March 31, 2020, there were a
total of 137,725,632 ADSs listed on the NYSE. With certain limited exceptions, holders of common shares who are not R.O.C. persons are required to hold these common shares through a brokerage or custodial account in the R.O.C. As of March 31,
2020, 688,628,160 common shares were registered in the name of a nominee of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the depositary under the deposit agreement. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has advised us that, as of March 31, 2020, 137,709,504 ADSs
representing these 688,547,520 common shares were held of record by Cede & Co., and 16,128 ADSs were held by U.S. registered stockholders. We have no further information as to common shares held or beneficially owned by U.S. persons.

70

Table of Contents

B.   Plan of Distribution

Not applicable.

C.   Markets

The principal trading markets for our common shares are the Taiwan Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, on which our common shares
trade in the form of ADSs.

D.   Selling Stockholders

Not applicable.

E.   Dilution

Not applicable.

F.   Expenses of the Issue

Not applicable.

ITEM 10   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

A.   Share Capital

Not applicable.

B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association

The following statements summarize the material elements of our capital structure and the more important rights and privileges of stockholders
conferred by the R.O.C. law and our articles of incorporation.

Objects and Purpose

The scope of business of UMC as set forth in Article 2 of our articles of incorporation, includes, among others, (i) integrated circuits;
(ii) semiconductor parts and components; (iii) parts and components of microcomputers, microprocessors, peripheral support and system products; (iv) parts and components of semiconductor memory systems products; (v) semiconductor
parts and components for digital transceiver product and system products; (vi) semiconductor parts and components for telecom system and system products; (vii) testing and packaging of integrated circuits; (viii) mask production;
(ix) metals, derived fuels and chemical products generated simultaneously from our manufacturing process; (x) management consulting service in regard to sustainable development, energy/resources conservation technologies and semiconductor
fab related affairs; (xi) clearance, recycle and disposal of waste and manufacturing outputs; research and development, design, production, sales, promotion and after-sale services related to our business; and (xii) export/import trade
related to our business.

Directors

The R.O.C. Company Act and our articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors is elected by stockholders and is responsible for
the management of our business. As of March 31, 2020, our board of directors consisted of nine directors, out of which four are independent directors. In the annual general meeting held on June 11, 2007, we amended our articles of
incorporation to abolish the managing director mechanism. In the annual general meeting held on June 13, 2008, we amended our articles of incorporation to introduce the mechanism of an Audit Committee. The Chairman presides at all meetings of
our board of directors, and also has the authority to represent our company. The term of office for our directors is three years, and our directors are elected by our stockholders by means of cumulative voting. The amendment to our articles of
incorporation on June 11, 2007 also adopts a nomination system which provides that holders of one percent or more of the issued and outstanding shares of our company would be entitled to submit a roster of candidates to be considered for
nomination to our company’s board of directors at an annual general meeting involving the election of directors. Pursuant to the R.O.C. Company Act, entity that owns our common shares may be elected as a director, in which case a natural person
must be designated to act as the legal entity’s representative. A legal entity that is our stockholder may designate its representative to be elected as our director on its behalf. In the event several representatives are designated by the same
legal entity, any or all of them may be elected. A director who serves as the representative of a legal entity may be removed or replaced at any time at the discretion of such legal entity, and the replacement director may serve the remainder of the
term of office of the replaced director. As of March 31, 2020, two of our nine directors are representatives of other legal entities, as shown in “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees—A. Directors and Senior
Management.”

71

Table of Contents

According to the R.O.C. Company Act and the rules promulgated under the R.O.C. Securities
and Exchange Act, a director who has a personal interest in a matter to be discussed at the meeting of the board of directors, shall explain the essential contents of such personal interest in the meeting of the board of directors. Moreover, where
the spouse, a blood relative within the second degree of kinship of a director, or any company which has a controlling or subordinate relation with a director has interests in a matter to be discussed at the meeting of the board of directors, such
director shall be deemed to have a personal interest in the matter. In case that such personal interest may impair the interests of us, such director shall abstain from joining the discussion and voting on such matter. In case that such director is
the representative designated by a legal entity stockholder to be elected as our director and such legal entity stockholder has personal interest in the matter to be discussed at the meeting of the board of directors, the rules above mentioned shall
also apply. Our articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors is authorized, by taking into account of the extent of his/her/its involvement of our operation activities and the value of his/her/its contribution, to determine the
compensation for each director at a comparable rate adopted by other companies of the same industry regardless of the profit received by our company. In addition, according to our articles of incorporation, we may distribute a maximum of 0.1% of the
annual profits before tax as remuneration to directors. Please refer to “—Dividends and Distributions” in this item below for more details. Our articles of incorporation do not impose a mandatory retirement age limit for our
directors. Furthermore, our articles of incorporation do not impose a shareholding qualification for each director, while the laws and regulations require the aggregate shareholding of all directors, excluding independent directors, to meet certain
thresholds considering the
paid-in
 capital and the numbers of the independent directors. According to our current internal Loan Procedures, we shall not extend any loan to our directors.

In order to strengthen corporate governance of companies in Taiwan, effective from January 1, 2007, the amended R.O.C. Securities and
Exchange Act authorizes the R.O.C. FSC, after considering certain factors, including the scale, shareholding structure and business nature of a public company, to require that a public company, such as our company, meet certain criteria, including
having at least two independent directors but not less than one fifth of the total number of directors.

In addition, pursuant to the
R.O.C. Securities and Exchange Act, a public company is required to either establish an audit committee, or R.O.C. Audit Committee, or retain supervisors, provided that the R.O.C. FSC may, after considering the scale and business nature of a public
company and other necessary situation, require the company to establish an audit committee in place of its supervisors. We have amended our articles of incorporation in the annual general meeting held on June 13, 2008, introducing the mechanism
of an R.O.C. Audit Committee. On February 20, 2013, the R.O.C. FSC has ruled that a public company with certain scale or of certain business nature, including us, shall establish an R.O.C. Audit Committee instead of the supervisors. According
to our articles of incorporation and audit committee charter, our R.O.C. Audit Committee is composed of all independent directors and performs the power and duties provided by applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation the powers
and the duties of supervisors provided under the R.O.C. Company Act. A company is not allowed to maintain both supervisors and a R.O.C. Audit Committee, so we chose to eliminate our supervisors when we established our R.O.C. Audit Committee in 2009.

72

Table of Contents

According to our current articles of incorporation, we may purchase directors and officers
liability insurance for our directors, covering the liabilities incurred in relation to his/her/its operation of business and legally responsible for.

Common Shares

As of December 31,
2019, our authorized share capital was NT$260 billion, divided into 26 billion common shares, of which 11,724,318,715 common shares were issued and outstanding. All common shares presently issued are fully paid and in registered form, and
existing stockholders are not subject to any capital calls. We do not have any outstanding warrants or option to purchase our common shares.

Employee
Stock Option

According to our Employee Stock Options Plan, options may be granted to our full-time regular employees, including those
of our domestic and overseas subsidiaries. Since 2004 to 2009, we obtained approvals by relevant R.O.C. authorities to grant up to an aggregate of 1,500 million stock options to acquire our common shares under our Employee Stock Option Plan.
According to the plan, an option holder may exercise an increasing portion of his or her options in time starting two years after the grant of the options. According to the vesting schedule, 50%, 75% and 100% of such option holder’s options
shall vest two, three and four years after the grant of the options, respectively.

New Common Shares and Preemptive Rights

New common shares may only be issued with the prior approval of our board of directors. If our issuance of any new common shares will result in
any change in our authorized share capital, we are required under R.O.C. law to amend our articles of incorporation and obtain approval of our stockholders in a stockholders’ meeting. We must also obtain the approval of, or submit a
registration with, the R.O.C. FSC and the Science Park Administration. According to the R.O.C. Company Act, when a company issues capital stock for cash, 10% to 15% of the issue must be offered to its employees. In addition, if a listed company
intends to offer new common shares for cash, at least 10% of the issue must also be offered to the public. This percentage can be increased by a resolution passed at a stockholders’ meeting, which will reduce the number of new common shares in
which existing stockholders may have preemptive rights. Unless the percentage of the common shares offered to the public is increased by a resolution, existing stockholders of the company have a preemptive right to acquire the remaining 75% to 80%
of the issue in proportion to their existing shareholdings. According to the Corporate Merger and Acquisition Act of the R.O.C., as effective on February 8, 2002 and amended on May 5, 2004 and July 8, 2015 which took effect on
January 8, 2016, if new common shares issued by our company are solely for the purpose of merger, acquisition, share swap or
spin-off,
 the above-mentioned restrictions, including the employee stock
ownership plan, the preemptive rights of the existing stockholders and the publicity requirement of a listed company, to such issuance of new common shares may not be applied.

Stockholders

We only recognize persons
registered in our register as our stockholders. We may set a record date and close our register of stockholders for specified periods to determine which stockholders are entitled to various rights pertaining to our common shares.

Transfer of Common Shares

Under the
R.O.C. Company Act, a company may issue individual share certificates or no certificate at all, to evidence common shares. Our articles of incorporation, provide that we may deliver common shares in book-entry form instead of by means of issuing
physical share certificates. We have issued our common shares in uncertificated/scripless form since 2007. Therefore, the transfer of our common shares is carried out on the book-entry system. The settlement of trading of our common shares is
normally carried out on the book-entry system maintained by the Taiwan Depository and Clearing Corporation. Transferees must have their names and addresses registered on our register in order to assert stockholder’s rights against us. Our
stockholders are required to file their respective specimen seals with our share registrar, Horizon Securities Co., Ltd.

73

Table of Contents

Stockholders’ Meetings

We are required to hold an annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting once every calendar year within six months from the end of each fiscal
year. Our board of directors may convene an extraordinary meeting whenever the directors deem necessary, and they must do so if requested in writing by stockholders holding no less than 3% of our issued common shares who have held these common
shares for more than a year. At least 15 days’ advance written notice must be given of every extraordinary stockholders’ meeting and at least 30 days’ advance written notice must be given of every annual ordinary stockholders’
meeting. In addition, stockholder(s) who have continuously held more than 50% of our issued common shares for a period of three months or longer may convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting without any approval of our board of directors.
The period during which a stockholder holds the shares and the number of shares held by a stockholder shall be determined based on our register of stockholders as of the book close date of the relevant extraordinary stockholders’ meeting.
Unless otherwise required by law or by our articles of incorporation, voting for an ordinary resolution requires an affirmative vote of a simple majority of those present. A distribution of cash dividends would be an example of an ordinary
resolution. The R.O.C. Company Act and, in the case of certain merger and acquisition deals, the Corporate Merger and Acquisition Act, also provides that in order to approve certain major corporate actions, including any amendment of our articles of
incorporation, dissolution, merger or
spin-off,
 share swap, entering into, amendment, or termination of any contract for lease of the company’s business in whole, or for entrusted business, or for joint
operation with others, on regular basis, the transfer of all or an essential part of the business or assets, accept all of the business or assets of any other company which would have a significant impact on our operations, removing directors or the
distribution of dividend in stock form, a special resolution shall be adopted by the holders of the majority of our common shares represented at a stockholders’ meeting at which holders of at least

two-thirds
 of our issued and outstanding common shares are present; provided that, in the case of a public company, such as our company, such resolution may be adopted by the holders of at least
two-thirds
 of the common shares represented at a stockholders’ meeting at which holders of at least a majority of our issued and outstanding common shares are present; provided, further, that in the case of
merger,
spin-off,
 transfer of all or essential part of business or asset, or share swap which meets the specific criteria provided under the Corporate Merger and Acquisition Act, such as short-form
merger/spin-off/share
 swap or whale-minnow
merger/spin-off/share-swap
 (as defined therein), such corporate action can be approved by a board resolution adopted by majority
consent at a meeting with at least
two-thirds
 of our directors present without stockholders’ approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event such transaction will result in our delisting, the
approval from holders of at least
two-thirds
 of our issued and outstanding common shares is required.

Voting
Rights

Each common share is generally entitled to one vote and no voting discount will be applied. However, treasury common shares and
our common shares held by (i) an entity in which we own more than 50% of the voting shares or
paid-in
 capital, or (ii) a third party in which we and an entity controlled by us jointly own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares or
paid-in
 capital are not entitled to any vote. Except as otherwise provided by law or our articles of incorporation, a resolution can be adopted by the
holders of a simple majority of the issued and outstanding common shares represented at a stockholders’ meeting. The quorum for a stockholders’ meeting to discuss the ordinary resolutions is a majority of the issued and outstanding common
shares. Pursuant to the R.O.C Company Act amended on December 28, 2011, the election of directors by our stockholders shall be conducted by means of cumulative voting rather than other voting mechanisms adopted in our articles of incorporation.
Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws and regulations, in all other matters, a stockholder must cast all his or her votes in the same manner when voting on any of these matters.

Our stockholders may be represented at an ordinary or extraordinary stockholders’ meeting by proxy if a valid proxy form is delivered to
us five days before the commencement of the ordinary or extraordinary stockholders’ meeting, unless such proxy has been revoked no later than two days before the date of the stockholders’ meeting. Voting rights attached to our common
shares exercised by our stockholders’ proxy are subject to the proxy regulation promulgated by the R.O.C. FSC.

74

Table of Contents

Authorized by the R.O.C Company Act, the R.O.C. FSC has issued an administrative order on
February 20, 2012 to require Taiwan Stock Exchange-listed companies, such as our company, and Taipei Exchange (previously known as “GreTai Securities Market”)-listed companies in the R.O.C. with NT$10 billion or more of
paid-in
 share capital and with 10,000 or more stockholders as of the first date of the close period applicable to the stockholders’ meeting to adopt an
e-voting
 system
for the stockholders’ meeting. According to the administrative order by the R.O.C. FSC, commencing from January 1, 2018, all listed companies shall adopt the
e-voting
 system for the
stockholders’ meeting. The
e-voting
 system provides a new platform for stockholders to exercise their voting rights online. As a company that meets the foregoing criteria, we have successfully adopted the

e-voting
 system in the 2012 stockholders’ meeting and voted by poll on each agenda item for discussion.

Any stockholder who has a personal interest in a matter to be discussed at our stockholders’ meeting, the outcome of which may impair our
interests, shall not vote or exercise voting rights on behalf of another stockholder on such matter.

According to the R.O.C. Company Act
amended on January 4, 2012, a stockholder of a public company who holds common shares for others, such as a depositary, may choose to exercise his/her/its voting power separately. On April 13, 2012, R.O.C. FSC promulgated the Regulations
Governing the Split Voting of the Stockholders and Compliance Matters for Public Companies, the implementation rules of such split voting method, which stipulates that the depository of the overseas depositary receipts may exercise its voting power
separately in accordance with the instructions of the respective holders of the ADS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, before any amendment to the currently effective Deposit Agreement is made, holders of our ADSs generally will not be able to exercise
voting rights on the common shares underlying their ADSs on an individual basis.

Dividends and Distributions

We are not allowed under R.O.C. law to pay dividends on our treasury common shares. We may distribute dividends on our issued and outstanding
common shares if we have earnings. Before distributing a dividend to stockholders, among other things, we must recover any past losses, pay all outstanding taxes and set aside a legal reserve equivalent to 10% of our net income and other profit (or
loss) items adjusted to the current year’s undistributed earnings other than net income until our legal reserve equals our
paid-in
 capital, and a special reserve, if any.

At an annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting, our board of directors submits to the stockholders for their approval proposals for the
distribution of dividends or the making of any other distribution to stockholders from our net income or reserves for the preceding fiscal year. Dividends are paid to stockholders proportionately. Dividends may be distributed either in cash or in
common shares or a combination of cash and common shares, as determined by the stockholders at such meeting.

Previously, the employee
bonus and directors’ remuneration were categorized as “profit sharing” items and were calculated and distributed based on earnings after tax basis. However, according to Articles 235 and
235-1

of the Company Act, both amended and added on May 20, 2015, employee bonus and directors’ remuneration shall no longer be a profit sharing item but shall be calculated based on earnings before tax and distributed as “expenses.”
Our articles of incorporation currently in effect, provide that where we make profits before tax for the annual financial year, subject to a board resolution adopted by majority consent at a meeting with at least

two-thirds
 of our directors present, we shall appropriate (i) no less than 5% of such annual profits before tax as employee bonus, and (ii) a maximum of 0.1% as directors’ remunerations. The
employees eligible for the distribution include our employees and employees of our subsidiaries and the form of employee bonus may be made in stock or cash. The qualification of such employees is to be determined by our board of directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we have accumulated losses of the previous years, we shall set aside the amount of such accumulated losses prior to the allocation of the employee bonus and the above directors’ remuneration. For the purpose of
calculation of the above employee bonus and the directors’ remunerations, such “annual profits before tax” shall be without giving effect of the deduction and distribution of such employee bonus and the directors’ remunerations.

The remaining amount may be distributed according to the distribution plan proposed by our board of directors based on our dividend
policy, and submitted to the stockholders’ meeting for approval. Our articles of incorporation also specify that the amount distributable as dividend shall be the sum of (x) the balance of our earnings deducted by (i) payment of all
taxes and dues, (ii) deduction of any past losses, (iii) allocation of 10% of our net income as a statutory reserve (which may be exempted if the accumulated amount of legal reserve has amounted to our

paid-in
 capital); and (iv) special reserve, if any, plus (y) the retained earnings of previous years. In the annual general meeting held in June 2005, our stockholders approved a change of the
percentage of stock dividend issued to our stockholders, if any, to no more than 80% and cash dividend, if any, to no less than 20%.

75

Table of Contents

In addition to permitting dividends to be paid out of net income, we are permitted under the
R.O.C. Company Act to make distributions to our stockholders of additional common shares by capitalizing reserves, including the legal reserve and capital surplus of premiums from issuing stock and earnings from gifts received, or make such
distributions by cash, if we do not have losses. However, where legal reserve is distributed by capitalization or in cash, only the portion of legal reserve which exceeds 25 percent of the
paid-in
 capital
may be distributed.

For information as to R.O.C. taxes on dividends and distributions, see “—R.O.C. Tax Considerations” in
this Item.

Repurchase of Our Common Shares

An R.O.C. company may not acquire its own common shares, except under certain exceptions provided in the R.O.C. Company Act or the R.O.C.
Securities and Exchange Act. Under the R.O.C. Company Act, a company may purchase up to 5% of its issued common shares for transfer to employees as employee compensation in accordance with a resolution of its board of directors, passed by a majority
vote, at a meeting with at least
two-thirds
 of the directors present.

Under Article
28-2
 of the R.O.C. Securities and Exchange Act, we may, by a board resolution adopted by majority consent at a meeting with
two-thirds
 or more of our directors present,
purchase up to 10% of our issued common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or by a tender offer, in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the R.O.C. FSC, for any of the following purposes:

•   to transfer our common shares to our employees as employee compensation;

•   to transfer upon conversion of bonds with warrants, preferred shares with warrants, convertible bonds,
convertible preferred shares or certificates of warrants issued by us; or

•   if necessary, to maintain our credit and our stockholders’ equity; provided that the common shares so
purchased shall be canceled thereafter.

We have from time to time announced plans, none of which was binding on us, to
buy back up to a fixed amount of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at the price range set forth in the plans disclosed in “Item 16E—Purchase Of Equity Securities By The Issuer And Affiliated Purchasers.” We may not spend
more than the aggregate amount of the retained earnings, the premium from issuing stock and the realized portion of the capital reserve to purchase our common shares. Historically, we have cancelled some of the repurchased common shares and
transferred some of the repurchased common shares to our employees as employee compensation. In 2010, 2013 and 2015, we purchased an aggregate of 300 million, 200 million and 200 million, respectively, of our common shares under these
plans. From February 3, 2010 to April 2, 2010, we purchased 300 million of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at an average price of NT$16.15 per share to transfer to our employees as employee compensation. From
March 14, 2013 to May 13, 2013, we purchased 200 million of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at an average price of NT$11.23 per share to transfer to our employees as employee compensation. From July 30, 2015 to
September 29, 2015, we purchased 200 million of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at an average price of NT$11.02 per share to transfer to our employees as employee compensation. During 2016, 2017 and 2018, we purchased an
aggregate of 200 million, nil and 480 million, common shares, respectively, and transferred nil, nil and 200 million of such common shares that we repurchased under these plans to our employees as employee compensation in 2016, 2017
and 2018, respectively. In 2019, we purchased 220 million of our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at an average price of NT$13.00 per share.

76

Table of Contents

On March 14, 2012, our board of directors approved the cancellation of 157,934,400
treasury common shares, which were purchased from December 17, 2008 to February 16, 2009. On April 24, 2013, our board of directors approved the cancellation of 300,000,000 treasury common shares, which were purchased from
February 3, 2010 to April 2, 2010. On June 19, 2019, our board of directors approved the cancellation of 200,000,000 treasure common shares which we purchased in from April to June 2019.

We may not pledge or hypothecate any purchased common shares. In addition, we may not exercise any stockholders’ rights attached to such
common shares. In the event that we purchase our common shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange, our affiliates, directors, managers and their respective spouses and minor children and/or nominees are prohibited from selling any of our common shares
during the period in which we purchase our common shares.

In addition to the share purchase restriction, the Company Act provides that
our subsidiaries may not acquire our common shares or the equity securities of our majority-owned subsidiaries if the majority of the outstanding voting equity securities or
paid-in
 capital of such subsidiary
is directly or indirectly held by us.

Liquidation Rights

In the event of a liquidation, stockholders will be entitled to participate in any surplus assets after payment of all debts, liquidation
expenses and taxes proportionately.

Rights to Bring Stockholders’ Suits

Under the R.O.C. Company Act, a stockholder may bring suit against us in the following events:

•   within 30 days from the date on which a stockholders’ resolution is adopted, a stockholder may file a
lawsuit to annul a stockholders’ resolution if the procedure for convening a stockholders’ meeting or the method of resolution violates any law or regulation or our articles of incorporation. However, if the court is of the opinion that
such violation is not material and does not affect the result of the resolution, the court may reject the stockholder’s claim.

•   if the substance of a resolution adopted at a stockholders’ meeting contradicts any applicable law or
regulation or our articles of incorporation, a stockholder may bring a suit to determine the validity of such resolution.

Stockholders may bring suit against our directors under the following circumstances:

•   Stockholder(s) who have continuously held 1% or more of our issued common shares for a period of six months or
longer may request in writing that the audit committee institutes an action against a director on our behalf. In case the audit committee fails to institute an action within 30 days after receiving such request, the stockholder(s) may institute an
action on our behalf. In the event stockholder(s) institute an action, a court may, upon the defendant’s motion, order such stockholder(s) to furnish appropriate security.

•   Stockholder(s) who hold more than 3% or more of our total issued common shares may institute an action with a
court to remove a director of ours who has materially violated the applicable laws or our articles of incorporation or has materially damaged the interests of our company if a resolution for removal on such grounds has first been voted on and
rejected by our stockholders and such suit is filed within 30 days of such stockholders’ vote.

•   In the event that any director, manager or stockholder holding more than 10% of our common shares or any
respective spouses or minor children and/or nominees of any of them sells common shares within six months after acquisition of such common shares, or repurchases the common shares within six months after the sale, we may claim for recovery of any
profits realized from the sale and purchase. If our board of directors or audit committee fail to claim for recovery, any stockholder may set forth a 30-day period for our board of directors or audit committee
to exercise the right. In the event our directors or audit committee fail to exercise the right during such 30-day period, such requesting stockholder shall have the right to claim such recovery on our behalf.
Our directors shall be jointly and severally liable for damages suffered by us as a result of their failure to exercise the right of claim.

77

Table of Contents

Other Rights of Stockholders

Under the R.O.C. Company Act and the Corporate Merger and Acquisition Act, dissenting stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights in the
event of a
spin-off
 or a merger and various other major corporate actions. Dissenting stockholders may request us to redeem all their common shares at a then fair market price to be determined by mutual
agreement. If no agreement can be reached, the valuation will be determined by a court. Subject to applicable law, dissenting stockholders may, among other things, exercise their appraisal rights by notifying us in writing before the related
stockholders’ meeting and/or by raising and registering their dissent at the stockholders’ meeting and also waive their voting rights.

One or more stockholders who have held 3% or more of the issued and outstanding common shares one year or longer may require our board of
directors to call an extraordinary stockholders’ meeting by sending a written request to our board of directors. In addition, stockholder(s) who have continuously held more than 50% of our issued common shares for a period of three months or
longer may convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting without any approval of our board of directors. The period during which a stockholder holds the shares and the number of shares held by a stockholder shall be determined based on our
register of stockholders as of the book close date of the relevant extraordinary stockholders’ meeting.

Moreover, the R.O.C. Company
Law allows stockholder(s) holding 1% or more of the total issued common shares of a company to, during the period of ten days or more prescribed by the company, submit one proposal in writing or by way of electronic transmission containing no more
than three hundred words (in terms of Chinese characters) for discussion at the annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting.

Financial Statements

For a period of at least 10 days before our annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting, we must make available our annual financial
statements at our principal offices in Hsinchu, Taiwan, and our share registrar in Taipei for our stockholders’ inspection.

Transfer Restrictions

Our directors, managers and stockholders holding more than 10% of our common shares are required to report any changes in their
shareholding to us on a monthly basis. In addition, the number of common shares that they can sell or transfer on the Taiwan Stock Exchange on a daily basis is limited by R.O.C. law. Further, they may sell or transfer our common shares on the Taiwan
Stock Exchange only after reporting to the R.O.C. FSC at least three days before the transfer, provided that such reporting is not required if the number of common shares transferred does not exceed 10,000 in one business day.

C.   Material Contracts

Cross License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2006, between United Microelectronics Corporation and International Business Machines Corporation.

We entered into a five-year cross license agreement with IBM effective as of January 1, 2006, which provides for the cross
license of certain semiconductor patents including process, topography and design. Under this agreement, IBM had granted to us and our subsidiaries, nonexclusive and
non-transferable
 licenses, without the
right to grant sublicenses, for making our and our subsidiaries’ licensed products in R.O.C., Japan and Singapore and selling, leasing, licensing, using and/or transferring our and our subsidiaries’ licensed products worldwide under
IBM’s patents filed prior to January 1, 2011; we granted IBM, royalty-free, worldwide and
non-transferable
 licenses, without the right to grant sublicenses, for the term of the cross license for
making, selling, leasing, licensing, using and/or transferring IBM’s licensed products under our patents filed prior to January 1, 2011. We also agreed to pay IBM certain royalty fees under this agreement. This five-year cross license
agreement with IBM terminated on December 31, 2010. We entered into a new
“life-of-the-patents”
 cross license
agreement with IBM that will be effective until June 30, 2029, the expiration date of the
last-to-expire
 of the licensed patents thereunder. Under this agreement,
IBM has granted to us and our subsidiaries, nonexclusive and
non-transferable
 licenses, without the right to grant sublicenses, for making our and our subsidiaries’ licensed products in R.O.C., Japan,
Singapore and PRC and selling, leasing, licensing, using and/or transferring our and our subsidiaries’ licensed products worldwide under IBM’s patents filed effectively prior to July 1, 2009; In addition, pursuant to this agreement,
we granted IBM, royalty-free, worldwide and
non-transferable
 licenses, without the right to grant sublicenses, for the term of the cross license for making, selling, leasing, licensing, using and/or
transferring IBM’s licensed products under our patents filed effectively prior to July 1, 2009. We also agreed to pay IBM certain royalty fees under this agreement. In addition, we have renewed the aforesaid patent cross license agreement
with IBM on June 13, 2013, under which IBM grants us a license under all its patents with an effective filing date prior to December 31, 2015.

78

Table of Contents

Technology Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2012, between United Microelectronics Corporation and
International Business Machines Corporation.

We entered into a technology license agreement with IBM on June 29, 2012. Under
this agreement, IBM granted us a perpetual license under its 20nm bulk industry standard CMOS technology and developmental processes associated with manufacturing integrated circuits using a three dimensional FinFet device technology for using,
offering for sale, selling, importing or otherwise transferring our licensed products.

Other Patent License Agreements in 2015

In addition, we signed a Patent License Agreement with NXP B.V., effective from September 30, 2015 to September 29, 2020, under
which, both NXP B.V. and we agree to grant to the other party a license under its patents and patent applications. We also agree to pay NXP B.V. certain royalty under this agreement.

12-inch
 Fab Semiconductor Manufacture Technology License Agreements, dated as of December 1, 2015 and
April 5, 2017, between UMC and USCXM

In order to facilitate USCXM to build up its semiconductor manufacture technology and
capability, we licensed 28 nm and 40/55 nm semiconductor manufacture technology approved by the relevant R.O.C. authorities to USCXM. The 40/55 nm license is effective from December 1, 2015 to December 31, 2019, while the 28 nm license is
effective from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2022. USCXM will pay us certain royalty under these agreements.

DRAM Technology Cooperation
Agreement, dated May 13, 2016, between UMC and Fujian Jinhua

We entered into a technology cooperation agreement with Fujian
Jinhua on May 13, 2016 to jointly develop DRAM related technologies. Under the agreement, Fujian Jinhua agreed to provide us with related equipment for our research and development, as well as service fees subject to the progress of the
technology development. We will develop DRAM related technologies for Fujian Jinhua and deliver such development results to Fujian Jinhua before May 12, 2021. These developed technologies will be jointly owned by both parties. As a result of
the legal proceedings disclosed in “Item 8. Financial Information—Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Legal and Administrative Proceedings,” we have suspended the joint development process.

12-inch
 Fab Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology License Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2018 between
UMC and USCXM

We licensed 80nm semiconductor manufacture technology and capability to USCXM to fulfill customers’ growing wafer
demand. The granting of the 80nm license to USCXM has been approved by the relevant governmental authorities in Taiwan November 2018, which is subject to review in November 2028.

79

Table of Contents

Cross License Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2018, between United Microelectronics Corporation and
Avago Technologies International Sales Pte. Limited.

We entered into cross license agreement with Avago Technologies International
Sales Pte. Limited, effective from September 29, 2018 to December 31, 2023, which provides for the license of semiconductor device under certain licensed patents. Under this agreement, Avago grants to us and our subsidiaries a
non-exclusive
 and
non-transferable
 license for making, selling, importing or otherwise disposing of our and our subsidiaries’ licensed products. In exchange, we agree to
pay Avago certain royalty fees under this agreement.

Major Long-term Supply and Marketing Agreements

We have entered into long-term distribution, sales, service and marketing agreements with the following companies: UMC Group (USA), an
agreement effective from January 1, 2019 through December 3, 2024; UMC Group Japan Co., Ltd., an agreement effective from January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022; United Microelectronics (Europe) BV, an agreement effective from
January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022; UMC Group Japan Co., Ltd., an agreement effective from January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022; UMC Korea Co., Ltd., an agreement effective from January 1, 2020 through
December 31, 2020.

Major Construction Agreements

We entered into construction agreements in connection with the USCXM facility with several companies, such as Anhui 3S Mechanical and
Electrical Engineering Co. Ltd, Nova Technology Corp., L&K Engineering (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Hantech Co., Ltd., Wholetech Group (Shanghai) Trading Co. for the construction of the Fab 12X in Xiamen, Fujian Province, China. These agreements
are effective from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, and the total contractual amount exceeds US$3.42 million.

We also
entered into various major facility construction agreements in connection with our Fab 12A fab facility, piping, and various material supply systems, with companies such as Anhui 3S Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Co. Ltd, Nova Technology
Corp., L&K Engineering (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Hantech Co., Ltd., Wholetech Group (Shanghai) Trading Co. for building the phase 5 facilities in our Fab12A in the Tainan Science Park. These agreements are effective from January 1, 2019
to December 31, 2019, and the total contractual amount exceeds NT$1.4 billion.

D.   Exchange Controls

Foreign Investment and Exchange Controls in Taiwan

We have extracted from publicly available documents the information presented in this section. Please note that citizens of the
People’s Republic of China and entities organized in the People’s Republic of China are subject to special R.O.C. laws, rules and regulations, which are not discussed in this section.

General

Historically, foreign
investments in the securities market of Taiwan were restricted. However, commencing in 1983, the Taiwan government has from time to time enacted legislation and adopted regulations to make foreign investment in the Taiwan securities market possible.
Initially, only overseas investment trust funds of authorized securities investment trust enterprises established in Taiwan were permitted to invest in the Taiwan securities market. Since January 1, 1991, qualified foreign institutional
investors are allowed to make investments in the Taiwan public securities market. Since March 1, 1996,
non-resident
 foreign institutional and individual investors, called “general foreign
investors”, are permitted to make direct investments in the Taiwan public securities market. On September 30, 2003, the Executive Yuan amended the Regulations Governing Investment in Securities by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals, or
the Investment Regulations, under which the “Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors”, or QFII, designations have been abolished and the restrictions on foreign portfolio investors have been revised. According to the Investment
Regulations, “Foreign Institutional Investor”, or FINI, means an entity which is incorporated under the laws of countries other than the R.O.C. or the branch of a foreign entity that is established within the territory of the R.O.C., and
“Foreign Individual Investor”, or FIDI, means an overseas Chinese or a foreign natural person. In addition, the Investment Regulations also lifted some restrictions and simplified procedures of investment application.

80

Table of Contents

On April 30, 2009, the R.O.C. FSC promulgated regulations allowing QDIIs under PRC
regulations and certain other PRC persons to invest in the securities of R.O.C. companies. However, prior approval from the Investment Commission of the R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs is required for QDIIs or certain other PRC persons to own
10% or more of the issued and outstanding share capital of a listed R.O.C. company.

Foreign Ownership Limitations

Foreign ownership of the issued share capital in a Taiwan Stock Exchange-listed company or a Taipei Exchange-listed company has been limited to
50% in the past. Since December 30, 2000, the 50% limit has been lifted. Foreign investors can now hold such investments without any foreign ownership percentage limitations, unless the law has imposed restrictions otherwise.

Foreign Investors

Each FINI who wishes
to invest directly in the R.O.C. securities market is required to register with the Taiwan Stock Exchange and obtain an investment identification number if the FINI is a
non-resident
 and has no
sub-investment
 accounts in the R.O.C. Each FIDI who wishes to invest directly in the R.O.C. securities market is also required to register with the Taiwan Stock Exchange and obtain an investment identification
number. The R.O.C. FSC has lifted the limitation on the amount of investment in the R.O.C. securities market for a
non-resident
 FIDI Except for some restrictions imposed by specific laws and regulations, the
individual and aggregate foreign ownership of the issued share capital in a Taiwan Stock Exchange-listed company or a Taipei Exchange-listed company is not restricted. An R.O.C. custodian for a
non-resident

FINI or FIDI is required to submit to the CBC, and the Taiwan Stock Exchange a report of trading activities, inward and outward remittance of capital and status of assets under custody and other matters every month. Foreign institutional investors
are not subject to any ceiling for investment in the R.O.C. securities market.

Foreign Investment Approval

Foreign investors (both institutional and individual) who wish to make direct investments in the common shares of R.O.C. companies are required
to submit a “foreign investment approval” application to the Investment Commission of the R.O.C. MOEA, or other government authority and enjoy benefits granted under the Statute for Foreigner’s Investment and the Statute for Overseas
Chinese’s Investment. The Investment Commission of the R.O.C. MOEA or other government authority reviews each foreign investment approval application and approves or disapproves the application after consultation with other governmental
agencies, if necessary. Any
non-R.O.C.
 person possessing a foreign investment approval may repatriate annual net profits and interests attributable to an approved investment. Investment capital and capital
gains attributable to the investment may be repatriated with approval of the Investment Commission of the R.O.C. MOEA or other government authority.

In addition to the general restrictions against direct investments by foreign investors in R.O.C. companies, foreign investors are currently
prohibited from investing in certain prohibited industries in Taiwan under the “Negative List”. The prohibition on direct foreign investment in the prohibited industries in the Negative List is absolute in the absence of a specific
exemption from the application of the Negative List. Under the Negative List, some other industries are restricted so that foreign investors may directly invest only up to a specified level and with the specific approval of the relevant authority
responsible for enforcing the legislation that the Negative List is intended to implement. Our business does not operate in a restricted industry under the Negative List.

In June 2009, the R.O.C. MOEA further allowed PRC persons to make direct investments in Taiwan. However, such direct investment is still
subject to various restrictions, such as that that only the industries listed in the Positive List, as promulgated by the Executive Yuan, are legally permitted targets and that all the PRC persons who wish to make direct investments in R.O.C. are
required to submit an “investment approval” application to the Investment Commission of the R.O.C. MOEA.

81

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls

Taiwan’s Foreign Exchange Control Statute and regulations provide that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks
designated to handle foreign exchange transactions by the Ministry of Finance and the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions. Consequently, foreign currency earned from exports of merchandise and services may now
be retained and used freely by exporters. All foreign currency needed for the importation of merchandise and services may be purchased from the designated foreign exchange banks.

Aside from trade-related foreign exchange transactions, R.O.C. companies and residents may remit to and from Taiwan foreign currencies of up
to US$50 million (or its equivalent) and US$5 million, (or its equivalent) respectively in each calendar year. These limits apply to remittances involving a conversion between NT dollars and U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. A
requirement is also imposed on all private enterprises to register all medium- and long-term foreign debt with the CBC.

In addition,
foreign currency earned from or needed to be paid for direct investment or portfolio investments, which are approved by the competent authorities, may be retained or sold by the investors or purchased freely from the designated bank.

Aside from the transactions discussed above, a foreign person without an alien resident card (or who has relevant resident card with a
validity of less than one year) or an unrecognized foreign entity may remit to and from Taiwan foreign currencies of up to US$100,000 per remittance without obtaining prior approval or permit if required documentation is provided to Taiwan
authorities. This limit applies to remittances involving a conversion between NT dollars and U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies.

Depositary
Receipts

In April 1992, the R.O.C. SFB (the predecessor of the R.O.C. FSC) began allowing R.O.C. companies listed on the Taiwan Stock
Exchange to sponsor the issuance and sale of depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares. Notifications for these issuances are still required. In December 1994, the Ministry of Finance began allowing companies whose shares are traded on the
Taipei Exchange to sponsor the issuance and sale of depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares. On October 24, 2002, the R.O.C. SFB began allowing public companies that are not listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or the Taipei Exchange to
sponsor the issuance and sale of depositary receipts by way of private placements outside the R.O.C.

A holder of depositary shares
wishing to withdraw common shares underlying depositary shares is required to appoint a local agent or representative with qualifications set forth by the R.O.C. FSC to, among other things, open a securities trading account with a local brokerage
firm, pay R.O.C. taxes, remit funds, and exercise stockholders’ right. In addition, the withdrawing holder is also required to appoint a custodian bank or a securities firm with qualifications set forth by the R.O.C. FSC to hold payments and
the securities in safekeeping, make confirmations, settle trades and report all relevant information in which the securities firm is appointed as the custodian, and the payments be held in safekeeping in a special account opened in a bank approved
by the R.O.C. FSC. Without making this appointment and the opening of accounts, the withdrawing holder would be unable to subsequently sell the common shares withdrawn from a depositary receipt facility on either the Taiwan Stock Exchange or the
Taipei Exchange.

After the issuance of a depositary share, a holder of the depositary share may immediately, comparing to a three-month
waiting period restriction which was lifted in 2003, request the depositary issuing the depositary share to cause the underlying common shares to be sold in the R.O.C. or to withdraw the common shares represented by the depositary receipt and
deliver the common shares to the holder. On April 30, 2009 and July 3, 2009, the R.O.C. Executive Yuan approved the Regulations Governing Securities Investment and Futures Trading in Taiwan by Mainland Area Investors and the Regulations
Governing Investment in Taiwan by Mainland Area Persons, respectively, under which qualified PRC persons are permitted to invest in Taiwan companies under limited circumstances, including purchase of the depositary receipts issued by a Taiwan
company. However, prior approval from the Investment Commission of the R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs is required for a qualified PRC person’s ownership of 10% or more of the issued and outstanding share capital of a listed R.O.C. company
or certain other manners of investment by a qualified PRC person.

82

Table of Contents

No deposits of common shares may be made in a depositary receipt facility and no depositary
receipts may be issued against deposits without specific R.O.C. FSC approval, unless they are:

(A)   stock dividends;

(B)   free distributions of common shares;

(C)   due to the exercise by a holder of his or her preemptive rights in the event of capital increases for cash; or

(D)   permitted under the deposit agreement and the custody agreement, due to the direct purchase of common shares or
purchase through the depositary in the domestic market or the surrender of common shares under the possession of investors and then delivery of such common shares to the custodian for deposit in the depositary receipt facility, provided that the
total number of depositary receipts outstanding after an issuance cannot exceed the number of issued depositary shares previously approved by the R.O.C. FSC in connection with the offering plus any depositary shares issued pursuant to the events
described in (A), (B) and (C) above. These issuances may only be made to the extent previously issued depositary shares have been withdrawn.

A depositary may convert New Taiwan dollars from the proceeds of the sale of common shares or cash distributions received into other
currencies, including U.S. dollars. A depositary may be required to obtain foreign exchange approval from the CBC on a
payment-by-payment
 basis for conversion into New
Taiwan dollars of subscription payments for rights offerings or conversion into foreign currencies from the proceeds from the sale of subscription rights for new common shares. It is expected that the CBC will grant this approval as a routine
matter.

A holder of depositary shares may convert NT dollars into other currencies from proceeds from the sale of any underlying common
shares. Proceeds from the sale of the underlying common shares withdrawn from the depositary receipt facility may be used for reinvestment in securities listed on both the Taiwan Stock Exchange and the Taipei Exchange, provided that the investor
designates a local securities firm or financial institution as agent to open an NT dollar bank account in advance.

E.   Taxation

R.O.C. Tax Considerations

The following
summarizes the principal R.O.C. tax consequences of owning and disposing of the ADSs or common shares to a holder of ADSs or common shares that is not a resident of the R.O.C. A foreign individual holder will be considered as not a resident of the
R.O.C., or a
non-R.O.C.
 resident, for the purposes of this section if he or she is not physically present in Taiwan for 183 days or more during any calendar year. An entity holder will be considered as not a
resident of the R.O.C., or a
non-R.O.C.
 resident, if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than Taiwan for profit making purpose and has no fixed place of business or other permanent
establishment or business agent in the R.O.C. Prospective purchasers of ADSs or common shares should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax consequences of owning ADSs or common shares in the R.O.C. and any other relevant taxing
jurisdiction to which they are subject.

Dividends

Dividends, whether in cash or common shares, declared by us out of retained earnings and paid out to a holder that is not an R.O.C. resident in
respect of common shares represented by ADSs are subject to R.O.C. withholding tax at the time of distribution. The rate of withholding is currently 21% of the amount of the distribution in the case of cash dividends or of the par value of the
common shares distributed in the case of stock dividends. Under current practice adopted by tax authorities, a 21% withholding rate is applied to a
non-R.O.C.
 resident ADS holder without requiring the holder
to apply for or obtain foreign investment approval. As discussed in the section “—Tax Reform” below, certain of our retained earnings will be subject to a certain percentage of undistributed retained earnings tax. There is no
withholding tax with respect to stock dividends declared out of our capital surplus of premiums from issuing stock resulting from the capital paid by the shareholders.

83

Table of Contents

Capital Gains

The R.O.C. Income Tax Act was amended and promulgated on December 2, 2015 and took effect from January 1, 2016. According to the
amended R.O.C. Income Tax Act, the provisions regarding the capital gain from securities transaction were deleted. Accordingly, under the R.O.C. law, gains realized on R.O.C. securities transactions are primarily exempt from income tax.

Subject to the AMT Act, gains realized from various securities transactions by an R.O.C.-resident entity shall be calculated as taxable income
for the purpose of the AMT Act and may further be subject to income tax. If the above entity has held common shares for more than three (3) years, 50% of capital gain may be exempted from AMT. In addition, gains realized from transfers of ADSs
by
non-R.O.C.
 resident holders are not regarded as income from sources in the R.O.C. and, as a result, any gains derived therefrom are currently not subject to R.O.C. income tax.

Securities Transaction Tax

The
R.O.C. government imposes a securities transaction tax that will apply to sales of common shares, but not to sales of ADSs. The securities transaction tax, which is payable by the seller, is generally levied on sales of common shares at the rate of
0.3% of the sales proceeds. Withdrawals of our common shares from our depositary facility are not subject to the R.O.C. securities transaction tax.

Preemptive Rights

Distribution of
statutory preemptive rights for common shares by us in compliance with the R.O.C. Company Act is not subject to R.O.C. tax. Proceeds derived from sales of statutory preemptive rights evidenced by securities are subject to the R.O.C. securities
transaction tax, currently at the rate of 0.3% of the gross amount received, as well as the R.O.C. securities income tax. Proceeds derived from sales of statutory preemptive rights that are not evidenced by securities are subject to capital gains
tax at the rate of 20% of the gains realized for
non-R.O.C.
 resident entities and
non-R.O.C.
 resident individuals. Subject to compliance with the R.O.C. law, we have
sole discretion to determine whether statutory preemptive rights are evidenced by securities or not.

Estate Taxation and Gift Tax

R.O.C. estate tax is payable on any property within the R.O.C. of a deceased individual who is a

non-resident
 individual or a
non-R.O.C.
 citizen and R.O.C. gift tax is payable on any property located within the R.O.C. donated by any such person. Under the Articles
13 and 19 of the R.O.C. Estate and Gift Tax Act, which became effective on May 12, 2017, tax brackets and rates of estate tax are as follows: (1) if the net taxable estate is no more than NT$50,000,000, the tax rate shall be 10%; (2) if
the net taxable estate is more than NT$50,000,000 but no more than NT$100,000,000, the estate tax payable shall be NT$5,000,000 plus 15% for the amount in excess of NT$50,000,000; and (3) if the net taxable estate is more than NT$100,000,000,
the estate tax payable shall be NT$12,500,000 plus 20% for the amount in excess of NT$100,000,000; tax brackets and rates of gift tax are as follows: (1) if the net taxable gifts are no more than NT$25,000,000, the tax rate shall be 10%; (2) if
the net taxable gifts are more than NT$25,000,000 but no more than NT$50,000,000, the gift tax payable shall be NT$2,500,000 plus 15% for the amount in excess of NT$25,000,000; and (3) if the net taxable gifts are more than NT$50,000,000, the
gift tax payable shall be NT$6,250,000 plus 20% for the amount in excess of NT$50,000,000. Under R.O.C. estate and gift tax laws, the common shares will be deemed located in the R.O.C. irrespective of the location of the owner. It is unclear whether
a holder of ADSs will be considered to own common shares for this purpose.

84

Table of Contents

Tax Treaties

The Republic of China does not have an income tax treaty with the United States. On the other hand, the Republic of China has income tax
treaties with Indonesia, Singapore, South Africa, Australia, Vietnam, New Zealand, Malaysia, North Macedonia, Eswatini, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Gambia, Senegal, Sweden, Belgium, Denmark, Israel, Paraguay, Hungary, France, India,
Slovakia, Switzerland, Germany, Thailand, Kiribati, Luxembourg, Italy, Japan, Canada, Poland and Austria which may limit the rate of Republic of China withholding tax on dividends paid with respect to common shares in Taiwan companies. It is unclear
whether a
non-R.O.C.
 holder of ADSs will be considered to own common shares for the purposes of such treaties. Accordingly, a holder of ADSs who is otherwise entitled to the benefit of a treaty should consult
its own tax advisors concerning eligibility for benefits under the treaty with respect to the ADSs.

Tax Reform

An amendment to the R.O.C. Income Tax law was enacted on January 1, 1998, to integrate the corporate income tax and the stockholder
dividend tax with the aim of eliminating the double taxation effect for resident stockholders of Taiwanese corporations. In order to improve Taiwan’s tax system and to keep up with the trend of international tax reform, the R.O.C. Income Tax
law was further amended in 2018 to replace the old tax system which integrated the corporate income tax and the stockholder dividend tax. Except for limited exceptions, the amendment shall take effect retroactively from January 1, 2018.

Under this amendment, a 10% retained earnings tax will be imposed on a company for its
after-tax

earnings generated after January 1, 1998 that are not distributed in the following year; while a 5% retained earning tax will be imposed for
after-tax
 earnings generated from January 2018. The retained
earnings tax so paid will further reduce the retained earnings available for future distribution. Under the old tax system, when we declared dividends out of those retained earnings, up to a maximum amount of half of the amount of such tax of the
declared dividends was credited against the withholding tax imposed on the
non-R.O.C.
 resident holders of our ADSs or common shares; while from January 1, 2019, the benefit no longer exists and no
retained earnings tax is credited.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Persons

The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences for beneficial owners of our common shares or ADSs that hold the
common shares or ADSs as capital assets and that are U.S. holders that are not citizens of the R.O.C., do not have a permanent establishment in the R.O.C. and are not physically present in the R.O.C. for 183 days or more within a calendar year. You
are a U.S. holder if you are, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any of the following:

•   an individual citizen or resident of the United States;

•   a corporation (or other entity or arrangement treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

•   an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source;

•   a trust that is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and that has one or more
U.S. persons with the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or

•   a trust that has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S.
person.

85

Table of Contents

This summary is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
the Code, and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof, and such authorities may be replaced, revoked or modified so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. It is
for general purposes only and you should not consider it to be tax advice. In addition, it is based in part on representations by the depositary and assumes that each obligation under the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed
in accordance with its terms. This summary does not represent a detailed description of all the U.S. federal income tax consequences to you in light of your particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income or
the effects of any state, local or
non-U.S.
 tax laws (or other U.S. federal tax consequences, such as U.S. federal estate or gift tax consequences). In addition, it does not represent a detailed description of
the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including if you are:

•   a dealer in securities or currencies;

•   a trader in securities if you elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities holdings;

•   a financial institution or an insurance company;

•   a tax-exempt organization;

•   a regulated investment company;

•   a real estate investment trust;

•   a person liable for alternative minimum tax;

•   a person holding common shares or ADSs as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, constructive
sale or straddle;

•   a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

•   a person owning, actually or constructively, 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value);

•   a person required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our common shares or
ADSs as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement; or

•   a U.S. holder whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar.

We cannot assure you that a later change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations that we describe in this summary.

If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our common shares or
ADSs, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our common shares or ADSs, you should consult your tax advisor.

You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences to you of the ownership and
disposition of the common shares or ADSs, as well as the consequences to you arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.

In general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. person who is the beneficial owner of an ADS will be treated as the owner of the
common shares underlying its ADS. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of common shares by U.S. holders for ADSs generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.

86

Table of Contents

Taxation of Dividends

Except as discussed below with respect to the passive foreign investment company rules, the amount of distributions (including amounts withheld
in respect of R.O.C. withholding taxes) you receive on your common shares or ADSs (other than certain pro rata distributions of common shares to all stockholders) will generally be treated as dividend income to you if the distributions are made from
our current and accumulated earnings and profits as calculated according to U.S. federal income tax principles. Such income (including withheld taxes) will be includible in your gross income as ordinary income on the day you actually or
constructively receive it, which in the case of an ADS will be the date actually or constructively received by the depositary. The amount of any distribution of property other than cash will be the fair market value of such property on the date it
is distributed. You will not be entitled to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to distributions you receive from us.

With
respect to
non-corporate
 U.S. holders (including individuals), certain dividends received from a qualified foreign corporation may be subject to reduced rates of taxation. A foreign corporation is treated as a
qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid by that corporation on common shares (or ADSs backed by such common shares) that are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. U.S. Treasury Department
guidance indicates that our ADSs (which are listed on the NYSE), but not our common shares, are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Thus, subject to the discussion below with respect to the passive foreign
investment company rules, we believe that dividends we pay on our ADSs will meet the conditions required for these reduced tax rates. Since we do not expect that our common shares will be listed on an established securities market in the United
States, we do not believe that dividends we pay on our common shares that are not represented by ADSs currently meet the conditions required for these reduced tax rates. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our ADSs will continue to be readily
tradable on an established securities market in later years.
Non-corporate
 U.S. holders that do not meet a minimum holding period requirement during which they are not protected from the risk of loss or that
elect to treat the dividend income as “investment income” pursuant to Section 163(d) (4) of the Code will not be eligible for the reduced rates of taxation regardless of our status as a qualified foreign corporation. In addition,
the rate reduction will not apply to dividends if the recipient of a dividend is obligated to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. This disallowance applies even if the minimum holding period
has been met.
Non-corporate
 U.S. holders will also not be eligible for the reduced rates of taxation on dividends if we are a passive foreign investment company in the taxable year in which such dividends are
paid or in the preceding taxable year. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules given their particular circumstances.

The amount of any dividend paid in NT dollars will equal the U.S. dollar value of the NT dollars you receive (calculated by reference to the
exchange rate in effect on the date you actually or constructively receive the dividend, which in the case of an ADS will be the date actually or constructively received by the depositary), regardless of whether the NT dollars are actually converted
into U.S. dollars. If the NT dollars received as a dividend are converted into U.S. dollars on the date they are actually or constructively received, you generally will not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the
dividend income. If the NT dollars received as a dividend are not converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you will have a basis in the NT dollars equal to their U.S. dollar value on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss you realize if
you subsequently sell or otherwise dispose of the NT dollars will be ordinary income or loss from sources within the United States for foreign tax credit limitation purposes.

Subject to certain limitations under the Code, you may be entitled to a credit or deduction against your U.S. federal income taxes for any
R.O.C. taxes that are withheld from dividend distributions made to you. The election to receive a credit or deduction must be made annually, and applies to all foreign taxes for the applicable tax year. The limitation on foreign taxes eligible for
credit is calculated separately with respect to specific classes of income. For this purpose, dividends we pay with respect to common shares or ADS will generally be considered passive category income from sources outside the United States.
Furthermore, you will not be allowed a foreign tax credit for foreign taxes imposed on dividends paid on common shares or ADSs if you (1) have held the common shares or ADSs for less than a specified minimum period during which you are not
protected from risk of loss, or (2) are obligated to make payments related to the dividends. The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex. We therefore urge you to consult your tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign
tax credit under your particular circumstances.

87

Table of Contents

To the extent that the amount of any distribution you receive exceeds our current and
accumulated earnings and profits for a taxable year, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles, the distribution will first be treated as a
tax-free
 return of capital, causing a reduction in your
adjusted basis in the common shares or ADSs and thereby increasing the amount of gain, or decreasing the amount of loss, you will recognize on a subsequent disposition of the common shares or ADSs. The balance in excess of adjusted basis, if any,
will be taxable to you as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange. However, we do not expect to keep earnings and profits in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles. Therefore, you should expect that a distribution will generally be
treated as a dividend (as discussed above).

It is possible that pro rata distributions of common shares or ADSs to all stockholders may
be made in a manner that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. In the event that such distributions are
tax-free,
 the basis of any new common shares or ADSs so received will generally be determined by
allocating the U.S. holder’s basis in the old common shares or ADSs between the old common shares or ADSs and the new common shares or ADSs, based on their relative fair market values on the date of distribution. For U.S. federal income tax
purposes, any such
tax-free
 share or ADS distribution generally would not result in foreign source income to you. Consequently, you may not be able to use the foreign tax credit associated with any R.O.C.
withholding tax imposed on such distributions unless you can use the credit against U.S. federal income tax due on other foreign source income in the appropriate category for foreign tax credit purposes. You should consult your own tax advisors
regarding all aspects of the foreign tax credit.

Taxation of Capital Gains

Except as discussed below with respect to the passive foreign investment company rules, when you sell or otherwise dispose of your common
shares or ADSs, you will generally recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the amount realized for the common shares or ADSs and your basis in the common shares or ADSs, determined in U.S.
dollars. If you are an individual or other
non-corporate
 holder, and the common shares or ADSs being sold or otherwise disposed of are capital assets that you have held for more than one year, your gain
recognized will be eligible for reduced rates of taxation. Your ability to deduct capital losses is subject to limitations. Any gain or loss you recognize will generally be treated as U.S. source gain or loss for foreign tax credit limitation
purposes. Consequently, you may not be able to use the foreign tax credit arising from any R.O.C. tax imposed on the disposition of common shares or ADSs unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against tax due on other
income treated as derived from foreign sources.

If you pay any R.O.C. securities transaction tax, such tax is not treated as an income
tax for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and therefore will not be a creditable foreign tax for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, subject to limitations under the Code, such tax may be deductible. You are urged to consult your tax advisors
regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of these taxes.

Passive Foreign Investment Company

Based on the composition of our income and assets, and the valuation of our assets, we do not believe that we are currently (or that we were in
2019) a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, and we do not expect to become one in the future, although there can be no assurance in this regard.

In general, a company is considered a PFIC for any taxable year if either:

•   at least 75% of its gross income is passive income, which generally includes income derived from certain
dividends, interest, royalties and rents (other than royalties and rents derived in the active conduct of a trade or business and not derived from a related person), annuities or property transactions; or

88

Table of Contents

•   at least 50% of the value of its assets is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of
passive income.

The 50% of value test is based on the average of the value of our assets for each quarter during the
taxable year. If we own at least 25% by value of another company’s stock, we will be treated, for purposes of the PFIC rules, as owning our proportionate share of the assets and receiving our proportionate share of the income of that company.

In addition, the determination of whether we are a PFIC is made annually. Accordingly, it is possible that we may become a PFIC in the
current or any future taxable year due to changes in our asset or income composition. A decrease in the price of our common shares and ADSs may also result in our becoming a PFIC. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold common
shares or ADSs, you will be subject to special tax rules discussed below.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold
common shares or ADSs and you do not make a timely
mark-to
 market election as described below, you will be subject to special tax rules with respect to any “excess distribution” that you receive and
any gain you realize from a sale or other disposition (including a pledge) of common shares or ADSs. Distributions you receive in a taxable year that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions you received during the shorter of the
three preceding taxable years or your holding period for the common shares or ADSs will be treated as excess distributions. Under these special tax rules:

•   the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over your holding period for the common shares or ADSs;

•   the amount allocated to the current taxable year, and any taxable year prior to the first taxable year in which
we were a PFIC, will be treated as ordinary income; and

•   the amount allocated to each other year will be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect for that year
and the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the resulting tax attributable to each such year.

If you hold common shares or ADSs in any year in which we are a PFIC, you are generally required to file Internal Revenue Service Form 8621.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year and any of our
non-U.S.
 subsidiaries is also a PFIC, you
would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value) of the common shares of the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these rules. You are urged to consult your tax advisors about the application of the PFIC rules to any of our
subsidiaries.

Under certain circumstances, a U.S. holder, in lieu of being subject to the rules discussed above with respect to excess
distributions and recognized gains, may make an election to include gain on the stock of a PFIC as ordinary income under a
mark-to-market
 method provided that such stock
is regularly traded on a qualified exchange (within the meaning of the applicable Treasury regulations). Under this method, any difference between the stock’s fair market value and its adjusted basis at the end of the year is accounted for by
either an inclusion in income or, subject to limitations, a deduction from income, as described below. Under current U.S. Treasury Department guidance, the

mark-to-market
 election may be available to holders of ADSs because the ADSs are listed on the NYSE, which constitutes a qualified exchange, although there can be no
assurance that the ADSs will be “regularly traded” for purposes of the
mark-to-market
 election. You should also note that only the ADSs and not the common
shares are listed on the NYSE. Our common shares are listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange, which must meet certain trading, listing, financial disclosure and other requirements to be treated as a qualified exchange under applicable U.S. Treasury
regulations for purposes of the
mark-to-market
 election, and no assurance can be given that the common shares will be “regularly traded” for purposes of the
mark-to-market
 election.

If you make an effective
mark-to-market
 election, you will include in income each year that we are a PFIC as ordinary income the excess of the fair market value of your common shares or ADSs at the
end of the year over your adjusted tax basis in the common shares or ADSs. You will be entitled to deduct as an ordinary loss in each such year the excess of your adjusted tax basis in the common shares or ADSs over their fair market value at the
end of the year, but only to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the
mark-to-market
 election. If you make an effective
mark-to-market
 election, in each year that we are a PFIC any gain you recognize upon the sale or other disposition of your common shares or ADSs will be treated as ordinary
income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the
mark-to-market
 election.

89

Table of Contents

Your adjusted tax basis in common shares or ADSs will be increased by the amount of any
income inclusion and decreased by the amount of any deductions under the
mark-to-market
 rules. If you make a
mark-to-market
 election it will be effective for the taxable year for which the election is made and all subsequent taxable years unless the common shares or ADSs are no longer regularly traded on a qualified
exchange or the Internal Revenue Service consents to the revocation of the election. You should consult your tax advisors about the availability of the
mark-to-market

election, and whether making the election would be advisable under your particular circumstances.

Alternatively, a U.S. holder of common
shares or ADSs in a PFIC can sometimes avoid the rules described above by electing to treat the PFIC as a “qualified electing fund” under Section 1295 of the Code. This option is not available to you because we do not intend to comply
with the requirements necessary to permit you to make this election.

Non-corporate
 U.S. holders
will not be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any dividends received from us if we are a PFIC in the taxable year in which such dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year. You should consult your own tax advisors concerning the U.S.
federal income tax consequences of holding common shares or ADSs if we are considered a PFIC in any taxable year.

Information Reporting and Backup
Withholding

In general, unless you are an exempt recipient such as a corporation, information reporting will apply to dividends in
respect of the common shares or ADSs and to the proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of your common shares or ADSs that are paid to you within the United States (and in some cases, outside of the United States). Additionally, if you
fail to provide your taxpayer identification number, or fail either to report in full dividend and interest income or to make the necessary certifications of your exempt status, you may be subject to backup withholding.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a
credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided you furnish the required information to the Internal Revenue Service.

F.   Dividends and Paying Agents

Not applicable.

G.   Statement by Experts

Not applicable.

H.   Documents on Display

We have filed this annual report on Form
20-F,
 including exhibits, with the U.S. SEC. As allowed by the
U.S. SEC, in Item 19 of this annual report, we incorporate by reference certain information we filed with the U.S. SEC. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the U.S.
SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this annual report.

90

Table of Contents

The U.S. SEC also maintains a website at
www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy
statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the U.S. SEC. Our annual report and some of the other information submitted by us to the U.S. SEC may be accessed through this web site.

I.   Subsidiary Information

Not applicable.

ITEM 11   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk is the risk of loss related to adverse changes in market prices, including interest rates and foreign exchange rates, of financial
instruments. We are exposed to various types of market risks, including changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, in the normal course of business.

We use financial instruments, including variable rate debt and swaps and foreign exchange spot transactions, to manage risks associated with
our interest rate and foreign currency exposures through a controlled program of risk management in accordance with established policies. These policies are reviewed and approved by our board of directors and stockholders’ meeting. Our treasury
operations are subject to internal audit on a regular basis. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculatively purposes.

Since export sales are primarily conducted in U.S. dollars, we had U.S. dollar-denominated accounts receivable of US$626 million as of
December 31, 2019. As of the same date, we also had Japanese
Yen-denominated
 accounts receivable of ¥14,266 million attributable to our Japanese operations and Renminbi-denominated accounts
receivable of RMB¥710 million attributable to our China operations. We had U.S. dollar-, Japanese
Yen-
 and Renminbi-denominated accounts payables of US$128 million, ¥7,193 million and
RMB¥262 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.

Our primary market risk exposures relate to interest rate movements
on borrowings and exchange rate movements on foreign currency-denominated accounts receivable, capital expenditures relating to equipment used in manufacturing processes (including lithography, etching and chemical vapor deposition) and purchased
primarily from Europe, Japan and the United States.

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2019 on our market
risk sensitive financial instruments.

As of December 31, 2019
Carrying Amount   Fair Amount
(in NT$ millions)
Time Deposits: Non-Trading Purpose   62,320   62,320
Short-term Loans: Non-Trading Purpose   12,015   12,015
Bonds: Non-Trading Purpose   38,781   39,572
Long-term Loans: Non-Trading Purpose   33,902   33,902

Interest Rate Risk

Our major market risk exposure is changing interest rates. Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our
long-term debt obligations. We primarily enter into debt obligations to support general corporate purposes including capital expenditures and working capital needs.

The tables below provide information of UMC as of December 31, 2019 about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in
interest rates, including debt obligations and certain assets. For debt obligations, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates. The information is presented in the currencies in
which the instruments are denominated.

91

Table of Contents

Expected Maturity Dates   As of December 31, 2019
2020   2021   2022   2023   2024 and thereunder   Total   Fair Value
(in millions, except percentages)
Time Deposits:
Fixed Rate (US$)   747   747   747
Average Interest Rate   1.93   %   1.93   %   1.93   %
Fixed Rate (SGD)   40   40   40
Average Interest Rate   1.51   %   1.51   %   1.51   %
Fixed Rate (RMB¥)
Average Interest Rate
Fixed Rate (NT$)   29,604   29,604   29,604
Average Interest Rate   0.44   %   0.44   %   0.44   %
Short-term Loans:
Variable Rate (US$)   45   45   45
Average Interest Rate   1.97   %   1.97   %   1.97   %
Variable Rate ((NT$)
Average Interest Rate
Variable Rate (€)
Average Interest Rate
Variable Rate (¥ JPY)
Average Interest Rate
Unsecured Long-term Loans:
Variable Rate (NT$)   500   2,067   1,833   4,400   4,400
Average Interest Rate   1.05   %   1.05   %   1.05   %   1.05   %   1.05   %
Fixed Rate (NT$)
Average Interest Rate
Secured Long-term Loans:
Variable Rate (NT$)
Average Interest Rate
Variable Rate (RMB¥)
Average Interest Rate
Variable Rate (US$)
Average Interest Rate
Bonds:
Unsecured (NT$)   2,500   2,500   2,504
Fixed Rate   1.50   %   1.50   %   1.50   %
Unsecured (NT$)   2,000   2,000   2,000
Fixed Rate   1.70   %   1.70   %   1.70   %
Unsecured (NT$)   6,200   6,200   6,226
Fixed Rate   1.15   %   1.15   %   1.15   %
Unsecured (NT$)   2,000   2,000   2,000
Fixed Rate   0.94   %   0.94   %   0.94   %
Unsecured (NT$)   3,000   3,000   3,062
Fixed Rate   1.95   %   1.95   %   1.95   %
Unsecured (NT$)   2,100   2,100   2,140
Fixed Rate   1.43   %   1.43   %   1.43   %
Unsecured (NT$)   3,400   3,400   3,416
Fixed Rate   1.13   %   1.13   %   1.13   %

Foreign Currency Risk

Although the majority of our transactions are in NT dollars, some transactions are based in other currencies. The primary foreign currency to
which we are exposed is the U.S. dollar. We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into short-term, foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain underlying assets, liabilities, and firm
commitments for operating expenses and capital expenditures denominated in U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies. The purpose of entering into these hedges is to minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on the results of operations.
We use the policy of natural hedging to reduce our foreign exchange exposure arising out of changes in the rates of exchange among the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies. As a general matter, our natural hedging strategy relies on matching
revenues and costs for the same currency or offsetting losses in one currency with gains in another.

92

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2019, we had no outstanding in foreign currency forward contracts to
sell U.S. dollars against NT dollars. We believe that we did not have material market risks as of December 31, 2019.

ITEM 12   DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

A.   Debt Securities

Not applicable.

B.   Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

C.   Other Securities

Not applicable.

D.   American Depositary Shares

Depositary Fees and Charges

Under the
terms of the deposit agreement for our ADSs, an ADS holder may have to pay the following service fees to the depositary:

Service   Fees
Issuance of ADSs   Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
Cancellation of ADSs   Up to US$0.05 per ADS canceled
Distribution of cash dividends or other cash distributions   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
Distribution of ADSs pursuant to stock dividends, free stock distributions or exercises of
rights   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional ADSs   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held

In addition, an ADS holder shall be responsible for the following charges:

•   taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;

•   such registration fees as may from time to time be in effect for the registration of common shares or other
deposited securities on the share register and applicable to transfers of common shares or other deposited securities to or from the name of the custodian, the depositary or any nominees upon the making of deposits and withdrawals, respectively;

•   such cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery expenses as are expressly provided in the deposit
agreement to be at the expense of ADS holders and beneficial owners of ADSs;

•   the expenses and charges incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency;

•   such fees and expenses as are incurred by the depositary in connection with compliance with exchange control
regulations and other regulatory requirements applicable to common shares, deposited securities, ADSs and ADRs;

93

Table of Contents

•   the fees and expenses incurred by the depositary, the custodian or any nominee in connection with the servicing
or delivery of deposited securities; and

•   Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary by the
brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly-issued ADSs from the depositary and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary for cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these transaction fees to
their clients.

Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or securities to ADS holders and the
depositary services fee are charged by the depositary to the holders of record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date. The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. In the case of
distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends, rights offerings), the depositary charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether
certificated or
un-certificated
 in direct registration), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts via the central
clearing and settlement system, The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the depositary generally collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians
holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees paid to the depositary.

In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary may, under the terms of the deposit agreement, refuse the requested service
until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.

The fees
and charges ADS holders may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us and by the depositary. ADS holders will receive prior notice of such changes.

Depositary Payments

In 2019, pursuant to
the terms of the deposit agreement, we received the following payments from JPMorgan Chase & Co., the depositary for our ADR program through December 31, 2019.

Service   Fees (US$)
Reimbursement of listing fees   110,705.70
Reimbursement of U.S. SEC filing fees   85,281.00
Reimbursement of accounting supporting fees for FASB and Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board   1,750.00
Reimbursement of annual ordinary stockholders’ meeting expenses   0.00
Reimbursement of fees in connection with annual financial and Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
audit   764,517.79
Contribution to our company’s investor relations efforts   78,681.42
Others   0.00
Total   1,040,935.91

PART II.

ITEM 13   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

None of these events occurred in any of 2017, 2018 and 2019.

94

Table of Contents

ITEM 14   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None.

ITEM 15   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

For
the period ended on December 31, 2019, an evaluation has been performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Co-presidents
 and our Chief Financial Officer,
regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules
13a-15(e)
 and
15d-15(e)
 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, our
Co-presidents
 and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2019.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Rule
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for our company. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by International Accounting
Standards Board.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management’ s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting did not include
the internal controls of United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd. which was acquired on October 1, 2019 and included in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019. United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd.
constituted 6.27% and 8.63% of our total and net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2019 and 2.89% and 5.94% of our revenues and net income, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019.

As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 using the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), or the COSO criteria. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2019 based on the COSO criteria. Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young has issued an attestation report with unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, which is included
immediately following this report.

95

Table of Contents

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of United Microelectronics Corporation:

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited United Microelectronics Corporation and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, United Microelectronics
Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on the COSO criteria.

As indicated in the accompanying “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting”, management’s
assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd. which is included in the 2019 consolidated financial statements of the
Company and constituted 6.27% and 8.63% of total and net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2019 and 2.89% and 5.94% of revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of
the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of United Semiconductor Japan Co., Ltd.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”) and our report dated April 28, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

96

Table of Contents

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young

Taipei, Taiwan

Republic of China

April 28, 2020

ITEM 16A.   AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

Our board of directors has determined that
Cheng-Li
 Huang and Wenyi Chu, two of our independent
directors and members of the audit committee, qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined in Item 16A of Form
20-F
 and are independent in accordance with the applicable requirements of Rule
10A-3
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requirement.

The U.S. SEC has indicated that the
designation of Dr. Huang and Dr. Chu as the audit committee financial experts does not: (i) make Dr. Huang or Dr. Chu an “expert” for any purpose, including without limitation for purposes of Section 11 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a result of this designation; (ii) impose any duties, obligations or liability on Dr. Huang or Dr. Chu that are greater than those imposed on them as a member of the audit committee and our board
of directors in the absence of such designation; or (iii) affect the duties, obligations or liability of any other member of the audit committee or our board of directors.

ITEM 16B.   CODE OF ETHICS

We amended the Code of Ethics for Directors and Officers in November 2017, and the Employee Code of Conduct in February 2020. The Employee Code
of Conduct, which is applicable to all employees, replaced the code of ethics filed with the U.S. SEC in our 2003 annual report on Form
20-F.
 We have also created a separate code of ethics applicable to our
directors and officers. A copy of each of the Code of Ethics for Directors and Officers and the Employee Code of Conduct are displayed on our website at
http://www.umc.com/english/pdf/Code
 of Ethics.pdf and

http://www.umc.com/english/pdf/Code
 of Conduct.pdf, respectively. Stockholders may request a hard copy of the Code of Ethics for Directors and Officers and the Employee Code of Conduct free of charge. Please contact the investor relations
department of our company at
ir@umc.com
.

ITEM 16C.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional services rendered by
Ernst & Young, our principal external auditors, for the years indicated.

Years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$   US$
(in thousands)
Audit Fees (1)   52,794   62,040   2,074
Audit-related Fees (2)   1,283   1,095   37
Tax Fees (3)   4,304   3,943   132
Total   58,381   67,078   2,243

(1)   Audit fees consist of fees associated with the annual audit, review of our quarterly financial statements,
statutory audits and internal control review. They also include fees billed for those services that are normally provided by the independent accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.

(2)   Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and services related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements but not described in footnote (1) above. These services include certification of our Singapore Branch to Singapore authorities and application for corporation registration.

(3)   Tax fees include fees billed for professional services rendered by Ernst & Young, primarily in
connection with our tax compliance activities.

All audit and
non-audit
 services
performed by Ernst & Young were
pre-approved
 by our audit committee. In certain circumstances, the audit committee delegates to one designated member to

pre-approve
 such audit and
non-audit
 services.
Pre-approval
 by a designated member should be reported to the audit committee at
its upcoming meeting.

97

Table of Contents

ITEM 16D.   EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

None.

ITEM 16E.   PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

Since March 2004, we have from time to time announced plans, which were not binding on us, to buy back our common shares up to a certain amount
on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. On May 11, 2016, we announced our 17th share
buy-back
 plan since our board of directors resolved to purchase up to 200 million shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a
price between NT$7.90 and NT$18.70 per share during the period from May 12, 2016 to July 11, 2016. On March 7, 2018, we announced our 18th share
buy-back
 plan after our board of directors
resolved to purchase up to 200 million shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a price between NT$9.85 and NT$21.30 per share during the period from March 8, 2018 to May 7, 2018. On November 5, 2018, we announced our 19
th
 share
buy-back
 plan since our board of directors resolved to purchase up to 300 million shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a price between NT$7.55
and NT$20.80 per share during the period from November 6, 2018 to January 5, 2019. On April 24, 2019, we announced our 20
th
 share
buy-back

plan since our board of directors resolved to purchase up to 200 million shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange at a price between NT$8.40 and NT$18.10 per share during the period from April 25, 2019 to June 24, 2019.

The table below sets forth the repurchases we made in the periods indicated.

Month   Total Number of Common Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Common Share (NT$)   Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Program   Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Program
March 2018 (from March 8, 2018)   39,607,000   15.19   39,607,000   160,393,000
April 2018   117,923,000   15.58   157,530,000   42,470,000
May 2018 (till May 7, 2018)   42,470,000   16.26   200,000,000   —
November 2018 (from November 6, 2018)   141,000,000   11.01   141,000,000   159,000,000
December 2018   139,000,000   11.36   280,000,000   20,000,000
January 2019 (till January 5, 2019)   20,000,000   10.91   300,000,000   —
April 2019 (from April 26, 2018)   19,000,000   13.37   19,000,000   181,000,000
May 2019   126,000,000   13.10   145,000,000   55,000,000
June 2019 (till June 13, 2019)   55,000,000   13.39   200,000,000   —

ITEM 16F.   CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

Not applicable.

ITEM 16G.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As a R.O.C. company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, we are subject to the U.S. corporate governance rules to the extent that
these rules are applicable to foreign private issuers. The following summary details the significant differences between our corporate governance practices and corporate governance standards for U.S. companies (i.e.

non-foreign
 private issuers) under the NYSE listing standards.

The Legal Framework
. In
general, corporate governance principles for Taiwanese companies are set forth in the Company Act of the Republic of China, or the R.O.C. Company Act, the R.O.C. Securities Exchange Act and, to the extent they are listed on the Taiwan Stock
Exchange, under listing rules of the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Corporate governance principles under provisions of R.O.C. law may differ in significant ways to corporate governance standards for U.S. companies listed on the NYSE. Committed to high
standards of corporate governance, we have generally brought our corporate governance in line with U.S. regulations, including the formation and independence of an audit committee. However, we have not adopted certain recommended NYSE corporate
governance standards where such standards are contrary to R.O.C. laws or regulations or generally prevailing business practices in Taiwan, as discussed in more detail below.

98

Table of Contents

Independent Board Members
. Under the NYSE listing standards applicable to U.S.
companies, independent directors must comprise a majority of the board of directors. We currently have four independent directors out of a total of eight directors on our board of directors. Our standards for determining director independence
substantially comply with the NYSE listing standards, which include detailed tests for determining director independence. In addition, even though our independent directors meet in committee meetings of which they are committee members, we will not
hold executive sessions of
non-management
 directors. Such requirement is contrary to the R.O.C. Company Act.

Board Committees
. Under the NYSE listing standards, companies are required to have a nominating/corporate governance committee,
composed entirely of independent directors. In addition to identifying individuals qualified to become board members, the nominating/corporate committee must develop and recommend to the board a set of corporate governance principles. We established
a nominating committee in December 2017, which consists of three of our independent directors. The nominating committee is expected to assist our board to constitute a nomination policy and succession plans of the directors and the executives. We
currently do not have a corporate governance committee, as such committee is not required under R.O.C. requirements. Our board of directors is responsible for regularly reviewing our corporate governance standards and practices.

Under the NYSE listing standards, companies are required to have a compensation committee, composed entirely of independent directors. Under
the R.O.C. Company Act, however, companies incorporated in the R.O.C. are not required to have a compensation committee with the same standards as the NYSE listing standards, but publicly listed companies in the R.O.C. must have a remuneration
committee in accordance with the applicable laws and rules in the R.O.C. Since 2011, we have established a remuneration committee composed of all the independent directors and convened meetings accordance with the applicable laws and rules in the
R.O.C. The remuneration committee is responsible for determining the form and amount of compensation for each of our directors and executive officers under our articles of incorporation and the remuneration committee charter. In addition to the
compensation approved at the annual general meeting, in the event we have net income in any fiscal year, we will distribute 0.1% of our earnings after payment of all income taxes, deduction of any past losses and allocation of 10% of our net income
for legal reserves, as remuneration to our directors pursuant to our articles of incorporation.

Equity Compensation Plans
. The
NYSE listing standards also require that a company’s stockholders must approve equity compensation plans. Under the corresponding requirements in the R.O.C. Company Act and the R.O.C. Securities Exchange Act, stockholders’ approval is
required for the distribution of employee bonuses in the form of stock, while the board of directors has authority, subject to the approval of the R.O.C. Securities and Futures Bureau, to approve employee stock option plans and to grant options to
employees pursuant to such plans and also has authority to approve share
buy-back
 programs for the purpose of selling common shares so purchased to employees and the sale of such common shares to employees
pursuant to such programs. We intend to continue to follow only the R.O.C. requirements.

ITEM 16H.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

PART III.

ITEM 17   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 18   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following is a list of the audited consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm
included in this annual report beginning on page
F-1.

Page
Consolidated Financial Statements of United Microelectronics Corporation and Subsidiaries   F-1
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and
2019   F-4
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31,
 2017, 2018 and 2019   F-5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31,
 2017, 2018 and 2019   F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
31, 2017, 2018 and 2019   F-9
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   F-11

99

Table of Contents

ITEM 19   EXHIBITS

Exhibit Number   Description of
Exhibits
1.1   Articles of Incorporation of the Company as last amended on June 15, 2011 (1)
2.1   Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement by and among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary, and the Holders and Beneficial Owners
of American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder dated as of October 21, 2009 (2)
2.2   Form of Amendment No.
1 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary, and the Holders and Beneficial Owners of American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (3)
4.1   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, Ko-Kuan Section, No.
20-22, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 6A (in Chinese with English summary translation) (4) (P)
4.2   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, third section of first phase, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8A and United Tower (in Chinese
with English summary translation) (5) (P)
4.3   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, third section of first phase, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8C (in Chinese with English
summary translation) (6) (P)
4.4   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, third section of first phase, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8D (in Chinese with English
summary translation) (7) (P)
4.5   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, third section of second phase, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8E (in Chinese with English
summary translation) (8) (P)
4.6   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, Gin-Shan section, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8F (in
Chinese with English summary translation) (9) (P)
4.7   Lease Agreement with Southern Taiwan Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Tainan Science Park, Tainan, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 12A (in Chinese with English summary translation) (10) (P)
4.8   Merger Agreement, entered into as of February
26, 2004, between United Microelectronics Corporation and SiS Microelectronics Corporation (English Translation) (11)

100

Table of Contents

Exhibit Number   Description of
Exhibits
4.9   Lease Agreement with Hsinchu Science Park Administration in relation to government-owned land located at Hsinchu Science Park, Ko-Kuan section, Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C., the site of Fab 8S (in Chinese with English summary translation) (12)
4.10   Lease Agreement with JTC Corporation in relation to land located at Pasir Ris Wafer Fab Park, Singapore, the site of Fab12i (summary) (13)
4.11   Merger Agreement, entered into as of April
29, 2009, among United Microelectronics Corporation, Infoshine Technology Limited and Best Elite International Limited (14)
*8.1   List of Significant Subsidiaries of United Microelectronics Corporation
11.1   Code of Ethics for Directors and Officers (15)
11.2   Employee Code of Conduct (16)
*12.1   Certification of our Co-president pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*12.2   Certification of our Co-president pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*12.3   Certification of our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*13.1   Certification of our Co-president pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§ 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*13.2   Certification of our Co-president pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§ 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*13.3   Certification of our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.§ 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*101.INS   XBRL Instance Document
*101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
*101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
*101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
*101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
*101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

*   Filed herewith.

(1)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-15128) filed with the Commission on April 18, 2014.

(2)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a) to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333- 162437) filed with the Commission on October 13, 2009.

(3)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 (File No. 333- 172990) filed with the Commission on April 12, 2017.

(4)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-15128) filed with the Commission on May 9, 2007.

(5)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

(6)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

(7)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

(8)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

(9)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

101

Table of Contents

(10)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on F-1 (File No. 333-12444) filed with the Commission on August 28, 2000, as amended.

(11)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 1-15128) filed with the Commission on June 17, 2004.

(12)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-15128) filed with the Commission on May 9, 2007.

(13)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 001-15128) filed with the Commission on May 9, 2007.

(14)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 6-K furnished to
the Commission on May 8, 2009.

(15)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 6-K furnished to
the Commission on March 25, 2005.

(16)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Form 6-K furnished to
the Commission on May 26, 2006.

(P)   Paper exhibits

102

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that
it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
By:   /s/ CHITUNG LIU
Name:   Chitung Liu
Title:   Director, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President

Date: April 28, 2020

103

Table of Contents

United Microelectronics Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Financial Statements for years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019

Together with Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-1

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of United Microelectronics Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Microelectronics Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2018 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019, in conformity with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated April 28, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Adoption of New Accounting Standards

As discussed in
Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and financial instruments in the year ended December 31, 2018 and its method for accounting for leases in
the year ended December 31, 2019.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that
are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

F-2

Table of Contents

Valuation for Slow-Moving Inventories
Description of the Matter   As of December 31, 2019, the Company’s net inventories amounted to NT$21,715 million. As the semiconductor industry is characterized
by rapid changes in technology, management had to evaluate and estimate a reserve for slow-moving inventories that are expected to be written-off or otherwise disposed of at a future date. Auditing the valuation for slow-moving inventories was complex due to judgement
involved in evaluating the Company’s estimation of the appropriate amount of the slow-moving inventories reserve, utilizing key inputs including historical usage, write-off activities and inventory aging.
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company’s
slow-moving inventories reserve process. For example, we tested the control over management’s review of the reserve method and the key inputs used in the valuation process. To test the slow-moving inventories reserve, our audit procedures included, amongst
others, an evaluation of the appropriateness of management’s determination of inventory aging and inventory reserve percentages by testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in such determination including as historical
usage and write-off activities. We also recalculated inventory reserve for the application of the reserve percentages to the inventory aging categories. In addition, we evaluated the adequacy of disclosures of inventories. Please refer to Notes 5
and 6 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

/s/ Ernst & Young

We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2000.

Taipei, Taiwan

Republic of China

April 28, 2020

F-3

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019

(Expressed in Thousands, Except for Par Value)

As of December 31,
Notes   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents   4, 6(1), 6(26), 6(27)   83,661,739   95,492,477   3,192,661
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, current   4, 5, 6(2), 11(7)   528,450   722,794   24,166
Contract assets, current   4, 6(18)   92,210   214,243   7,163
Notes receivable   4   118   98   3
Accounts receivable, net   4, 6(3), 6(26), 6(27)   23,735,989   25,514,883   853,055
Accounts receivable-related parties, net   4, 7   138,912   289,945   9,694
Other receivables   4   708,432   654,466   21,881
Current tax assets   4   20,856   26,220   877
Inventories, net   4, 5, 6(4), 6(26), 6(27)   18,203,119   21,714,802   726,005
Other current assets   6(18)   14,103,607   9,203,393   307,702
Total current assets   141,193,432   153,833,321   5,143,207
Non-current assets
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, noncurrent   4, 5, 6(2), 7, 11(7)   11,555,847   13,298,679   444,623
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, noncurrent   4, 5, 6(5), 11(7)   11,585,477   14,723,232   492,251
Investments accounted for under the equity method   4, 6(6), 7   7,948,413   9,564,517   319,777
Property, plant and equipment   4, 5, 6(7), 6(26), 6(27), 8   172,846,595   150,374,096   5,027,553
Right-of-use assets   4, 6(8), 6(26), 8   —   8,291,517   277,216
Intangible assets   4, 6(9), 6(26), 7   2,991,804   5,198,247   173,796
Deferred tax assets   4, 5, 6(23), 6(26)   6,795,796   7,563,357   252,871
Prepayment for equipment   661,402   217,906   7,285
Refundable deposits   8   2,757,399   2,600,733   86,951
Other noncurrent assets   8   4,261,064   596,088   19,929
Total non-current assets   221,403,797   212,428,372   7,102,252
Total assets   362,597,229   366,261,693   12,245,459
Liabilities and Equity
Current liabilities
Short-term loans   6(10), 6(25), 6(27)   13,103,808   12,015,206   401,712
Contract liabilities, current   4, 6(18)   932,371   988,115   33,036
Notes and accounts payable   6(26)   6,801,745   8,877,065   296,793
Other payables   6(26), 7   12,549,873   15,325,954   512,402
Payables on equipment   6(26)   4,008,142   3,031,184   101,343
Current tax liabilities   4   2,059,172   1,089,608   36,430
Lease liabilities, current   4, 6(8), 6(25), 6(26)   —   569,957   19,056
Current portion of long-term liabilities   4, 6(11), 6(12), 6(25), 6(27), 8, 11(7)   5,121,396   24,795,600   829,007
Other current liabilities   6(14), 6(15), 6(25), 7   5,440,345   6,262,604   209,382
Total current liabilities   50,016,852   72,955,293   2,439,161
Non-current liabilities
Contract liabilities, noncurrent   4, 6(18)   —   482,080   16,118
Bonds payable   4, 6(11), 6(25), 11(7)   38,878,947   18,687,591   624,794
Long-term loans   6(12), 6(25), 6(27), 8, 11(7)   28,204,054   29,200,299   976,272
Deferred tax liabilities   4, 5, 6(23)   1,979,509   2,221,230   74,264
Lease liabilities, noncurrent   4, 6(8), 6(25), 6(26)   —   5,461,068   182,583
Net defined benefit liabilities, noncurrent   4, 5, 6(13)   4,167,174   4,025,373   134,583
Guarantee deposits   6(25)   612,903   196,110   6,557
Other noncurrent liabilities   4, 6(14), 6(25), 9(5)   34,340,307   30,118,734   1,006,978
Total non-current liabilities   108,182,894   90,392,485   3,022,149
Total liabilities   158,199,746   163,347,778   5,461,310
Commitments and contingencies   9
Equity attributable to the parent company
Capital   4, 6(11), 6(16)
Common stock - NT$10 par value   124,243,187   117,243,187   3,919,866
Authorized: 26,000,000 thousand shares
Issued: 12,424,319 thousand shares as of December 31, 2018
Issued: 11,724,319 thousand shares as of December 31, 2019
Capital collected in advance   —   332,611   11,120
Additional paid-in capital   4, 6(11), 6(16), 6(17)
Premiums   36,278,383   34,404,110   1,150,254
Treasury stock transactions   2,749,448   3,888,150   129,995
Transactions with noncontrolling interests   572,325   587,627   19,647
Share-based payment   178,401   214,455   7,170
Stock options - conversion right   1,515,297   1,476,405   49,362
Other   8,181   13,211   441
Retained earnings   6(16), 6(26)
Legal reserve   10,865,280   11,572,579   386,913
Special reserve   —   14,513,940   485,254
Unappropriated earnings   55,416,447   37,874,428   1,266,280
Other components of equity   4, 6(26)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (5,681,389)   (8,936,550)   (298,781)
Unrealized gains or losses on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income   (8,379,834)   (2,266,311)   (75,771)
Gains or losses on hedging instruments   (2,058)   —   —
Treasury stock   4, 6(16), 6(17)   (13,832,953)   (8,413,992)   (281,310)
Total equity attributable to the parent company   203,930,715   202,503,850   6,770,440
Non-controlling interests   6(16), 6(27)   466,768   410,065   13,709
Total equity   204,397,483   202,913,915   6,784,149
Total liabilities and equity   362,597,229   366,261,693   12,245,459

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-4

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019

(Expressed in Thousands, Except for Earnings per Share)

For the years ended December 31,
Notes   2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Operating revenues   4, 6(18), 7, 12   149,284,706   151,252,571   148,201,641   4,954,919
Operating costs   4, 6(4), 6(9), 6(13), 6(17),
6(19), 7, 12   (122,226,948   )   (128,412,544   )   (126,886,669   )   (4,242,282   )
Gross profit   27,057,758   22,840,027   21,314,972   712,637
Operating expenses   4, 6(3), 6(9), 6(13), 6(17),
6(18), 6(19), 7, 12
Sales and marketing expenses   (4,233,830   )   (3,901,912   )   (3,807,610   )   (127,302   )
General and administrative expenses   (4,239,713   )   (4,940,906   )   (5,318,576   )   (177,819   )
Research and development expenses   (13,669,589   )   (13,025,139   )   (11,860,244   )   (396,531   )
Expected credit losses   —   (409,237   )   (627,159   )   (20,968   )
Subtotal   (22,143,132   )   (22,277,194   )   (21,613,589   )   (722,620   )
Net other operating income and expenses   4, 6(7), 6(14), 6(20), 12   1,653,695   5,116,884   5,182,162   173,258
Operating income   6,568,321   5,679,717   4,883,545   163,275
Non-operating income and expenses
Other income   4   875,587   1,391,376   1,705,675   57,027
Other gains and losses   4, 6(21), 6(27), 7, 12   994,092   (1,128,290   )   1,166,729   39,008
Finance costs   6(21)   (2,495,162   )   (2,851,225   )   (2,997,643   )   (100,222   )
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures   4, 6(6), 12   157,837   (616,665   )   115,329   3,856
Bargain purchase gain   4, 6(26)   —   —   171,585   5,736
Bargain purchase gain in acquisition of additional shares of equity investees   5,130   —   —   —
Exchange gain, net   4, 11   1,565,905   —   —   —
Exchange loss, net   4, 11   —   (356,993   )   (238,624   )   (7,978   )
Subtotal   1,103,389   (3,561,797   )   (76,949   )   (2,573   )
Income from continuing operations before income tax   7,671,710   2,117,920   4,806,596   160,702
Income tax benefit (expense)   4, 5, 6(23), 12   (992,481   )   1,129,877   (230,346   )   (7,701   )
Net income   6,679,229   3,247,797   4,576,250   153,001
Other comprehensive income (loss)   6(22)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans   4, 5, 6(13)   (184,186   )   (55,060   )   106,403   3,557
Unrealized gains or losses from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income   —   1,454,018   5,486,209   183,424
Gains or losses on hedging instruments which will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss   4   —   (2,572   )   —   —
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   1,221   (103,319   )   899,025   30,058
Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified subsequently   4, 5, 6(23)   31,311   (358,296   )   (457,619   )   (15,300   )
Subtotal   (151,654   )   934,771   6,034,018   201,739
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (5,975,203   )   (47,009   )   (3,277,938   )   (109,593   )
Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale financial assets   581,439   —   —   —
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   706,977   (23,966   )   15,393   515
Income tax related to items that may be reclassified subsequently   4, 5, 6(23)   23,908   (28,186   )   6,106   204
Subtotal   (4,662,879   )   (99,161   )   (3,256,439   )   (108,874   )
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   (4,814,533   )   835,610   2,777,579   92,865
Total comprehensive income   1,864,696   4,083,407   7,353,829   245,866
Net income (loss) attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   9,676,698   7,677,735   8,155,097   272,655
Non-controlling interests   (2,997,469   )   (4,429,938   )   (3,578,847   )   (119,654   )
6,679,229   3,247,797   4,576,250   153,001
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
Stockholders of the parent   4,973,766   8,617,239   10,947,889   366,028
Non-controlling interests   (3,109,070   )   (4,533,832   )   (3,594,060   )   (120,162   )
1,864,696   4,083,407   7,353,829   245,866
Earnings per share (NTD)   4, 6(24)
Earnings per share-basic   0.81   0.65   0.71   0.02
Earnings per share-diluted   0.75   0.60   0.65   0.02

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-5

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended December 31, 2017

(Expressed in Thousands)

Equity Attributable to the Parent Company
Capital   Retained Earnings   Other Components of Equity
Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Legal Reserve   Unappropriated Earnings   Exchange Differences on Translation of Foreign Operations   Unrealized Gains or Losses on Available-for-Sale Financial Assets   Treasury Stock   Total   Non-Controlling Interests   Total Equity
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
Balance as of January 1, 2017   126,243,187   41,626,106   9,070,841   43,528,660   81,553   5,127,682   (12,893,384   )   212,784,645   2,161,729   214,946,374
Appropriation and distribution of 2016 retained earnings
Legal reserve   —   —   831,566   (831,566   )   —   —   —   —   —   —
Cash dividends   —   —   —   (6,112,159   )   —   —   —   (6,112,159   )   —   (6,112,159   )
Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2017   —   —   —   9,676,698   —   —   —   9,676,698   (2,997,469   )   6,679,229
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax for the year ended December 31, 2017   —   —   —   (151,654   )   (5,770,763   )   1,219,485   —   (4,702,932   )   (111,601   )   (4,814,533   )
Total comprehensive income (loss)   —   —   —   9,525,044   (5,770,763   )   1,219,485   —   4,973,766   (3,109,070   )   1,864,696
Share of changes in net assets of associates and joint ventures accounted for using equity
method   —   (3,978   )   —   —   —   —   —   (3,978   )   —   (3,978   )
Changes in subsidiaries’ ownership   —   (134,050   )   —   (909,241   )   —   —   —   (1,043,291   )   (999,151   )   (2,042,442   )
Adjustments due to reciprocal stockholdings held by subsidiaries and associates   —   121,340   —   —   —   —   (11,176   )   110,164   —   110,164
Others   —   —   —   (2,044,957   )   —   —   —   (2,044,957   )   2,903,300   858,343
Balance as of December 31, 2017   126,243,187   41,609,418   9,902,407   43,155,781   (5,689,210   )   6,347,167   (12,904,560   )   208,664,190   956,808   209,620,998

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-6

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended December 31, 2018

(Expressed in Thousands)

Equity Attributable to the Parent Company
Capital   Retained Earnings   Other Components of Equity
Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Legal Reserve   Unappropriated Earnings   Exchange Differences on Translation of Foreign Operations   Unrealized Gains or Losses on Financial Assets
Measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income   Unrealized Gains or Losses
on Available-for-Sale Financial Assets   Gains or Losses on Hedging Instruments   Treasury Stock   Total   Non-Controlling Interests   Total Equity
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
Balance as of January 1, 2018   126,243,187   41,609,418   9,902,407   43,155,781   (5,689,210   )   —   6,347,167   —   (12,904,560   )   208,664,190   956,808   209,620,998
Impact of retroactive applications   —   —   —   17,065,856   3,088   (9,328,431   )   (6,347,167   )   —   —   1,393,346   1,597   1,394,943
Adjusted balance as of January 1,
2018   126,243,187   41,609,418   9,902,407   60,221,637   (5,686,122   )   (9,328,431   )   —   —   (12,904,560   )   210,057,536   958,405   211,015,941
Appropriation and distribution of 2017 retained
earnings
Legal reserve   —   —   962,873   (962,873   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Cash dividends   —   —   —   (8,557,023   )   —   —   —   —   —   (8,557,023   )   —   (8,557,023   )
Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31,
2018   —   —   —   7,677,735   —   —   —   —   —   7,677,735   (4,429,938   )   3,247,797
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax for the
year ended December 31, 2018   —   —   —   (22,341   )   4,733   959,170   —   (2,058   )   —   939,504   (103,894   )   835,610
Total comprehensive income (loss)   —   —   —   7,655,394   4,733   959,170   —   (2,058   )   —   8,617,239   (4,533,832   )   4,083,407
Share-based payment transaction   —   696,226   —   —   —   —   —   —   2,203,443   2,899,669   —   2,899,669
Treasury stock acquired   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (6,261,018   )   (6,261,018   )   —   (6,261,018   )
Treasury stock cancelled   (2,000,000   )   (1,129,182   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   3,129,182   —   —   —
Share of changes in net assets of associates and joint
ventures accounted for using equity method   —   10,338   —   10,573   —   (10,573   )   —   —   —   10,338   —   10,338
Disposal of subsidiaries   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (7,074   )   (7,074   )
Changes in subsidiaries’ ownership   —   39   —   (475,311   )   —   —   —   —   —   (475,272   )   (278,613   )   (753,885   )
Adjustments due to reciprocal stockholdings held by
subsidiaries and associates   —   163,839   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   163,839   —   163,839
Others   —   (48,643   )   —   (2,475,950   )   —   —   —   —   —   (2,524,593   )   4,327,882   1,803,289
Balance as of December 31, 2018   124,243,187   41,302,035   10,865,280   55,416,447   (5,681,389   )   (8,379,834   )   —   (2,058   )   (13,832,953   )   203,930,715   466,768   204,397,483

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-7

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended December 31, 2019

(Expressed in Thousands)

Equity Attributable to the Parent Company
Capital   Retained Earnings   Other Components of Equity
Common Stock   Collected in Advance   Additional Paid-in Capital   Legal Reserve   Special Reserve   Unappropriated Earnings   Exchange Differences on Translation of Foreign Operations   Unrealized Gains or Losses on Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income   Gains or Losses on Hedging Instruments   Treasury Stock   Total   Non-Controlling Interests   Total Equity
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
Balance as of January 1, 2019   124,243,187   —   41,302,035   10,865,280   —   55,416,447   (5,681,389   )   (8,379,834   )   (2,058   )   (13,832,953   )   203,930,715   466,768   204,397,483
Impact of retroactive applications   —   —   (10,427   )   —   —   —   (13,935   )   —   —   —   (24,362   )   —   (24,362   )
Adjusted balance as of January 1, 2019   124,243,187   —   41,291,608   10,865,280   —   55,416,447   (5,695,324   )   (8,379,834   )   (2,058   )   (13,832,953   )   203,906,353   466,768   204,373,121
Appropriation and distribution of 2018 retained earnings
Legal reserve   —   —   —   707,299   —   (707,299   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Special reserve   —   —   —   —   14,513,940   (14,513,940   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Cash dividends   —   —   —   —   —   (6,916,105   )   —   —   —   —   (6,916,105   )   —   (6,916,105   )
Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2019   —   —   —   —   —   8,155,097   —   —   —   —   8,155,097   (3,578,847   )   4,576,250
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax for the year ended December 31, 2019   —   —   —   —   —   84,744   (3,241,226   )   5,949,274   —   —   2,792,792   (15,213   )   2,777,579
Total comprehensive income (loss)   —   —   —   —   —   8,239,841   (3,241,226   )   5,949,274   —   —   10,947,889   (3,594,060   )   7,353,829
Share-based payment transaction   —   —   377,004   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   377,004   —   377,004
Conversion of convertible bonds   —   332,611   130,804   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   463,415   —   463,415
Treasury stock acquired   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (2,859,498   )   (2,859,498   )   —   (2,859,498   )
Treasury stock cancelled   (7,000,000   )   —   (1,387,127   )   —   —   —   —   —   —   8,387,127   —   —   —
Share of changes in net assets of associates and joint ventures accounted for using equity
method   —   —   14,123   —   —   387,654   —   (387,654   )   —   —   14,123   —   14,123
Changes in subsidiaries’ ownership   —   —   1,179   —   —   (22,280   )   —   —   —   —   (21,101   )   24,740   3,639
Adjustments due to reciprocal stockholdings held by subsidiaries and associates   —   —   140,909   —   —   —   —   —   —   (108,668   )   32,241   —   32,241
Disposal of equity instruments investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income   —   —   —   —   —   (551,903   )   —   551,903   —   —   —   —   —
Others   —   —   15,458   —   —   (3,457,987   )   —   —   2,058   —   (3,440,471   )   3,512,617   72,146
Balance as of December 31, 2019   117,243,187   332,611   40,583,958   11,572,579   14,513,940   37,874,428   (8,936,550   )   (2,266,311   )   —   (8,413,992   )   202,503,850   410,065   202,913,915

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-8

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019

(Expressed in Thousands)

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income before tax   7,671,710   2,117,920   4,806,596   160,702
Adjustments to reconcile net income before tax to net cash provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation   50,965,120   49,948,589   47,172,881   1,577,161
Amortization   2,133,726   2,100,130   2,216,654   74,111
Expected credit losses   —   409,237   627,159   20,968
Bad debt reversal   (1,752   )   —   —   —
Net (gain) loss of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss   (598,270   )   1,167,735   (1,279,931   )   (42,793   )
Interest expense   2,406,872   2,768,672   2,933,815   98,088
Interest income   (353,159   )   (789,001   )   (994,061   )   (33,235   )
Dividend income   (522,428   )   (602,375   )   (711,614   )   (23,792   )
Share-based payment   —   695,669   366,186   12,243
Share of (profit) loss of associates and joint ventures   (157,837   )   616,665   (115,329   )   (3,856   )
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment   (82,397   )   (136,743   )   (43,036   )   (1,439   )
Gain on disposal of other assets   (6,601   )   —   —   —
Loss (gain) on disposal of investments   (1,269,369   )   19,286   16,293   545
Impairment loss on financial assets   950,335   —   —   —
Impairment loss on non-financial assets   —   46,225   118,134   3,950
Exchange (gain) loss on financial assets and liabilities   (2,432,098   )   1,217,590   206,612   6,907
Bargain purchase gain in acquisition of additional shares of equity investees   (5,130   )   —   —   —
Bargain purchase gain   —   —   (171,585   )   (5,736   )
Amortization of deferred government grants   (1,469,616   )   (3,885,722   )   (4,062,148   )   (135,812   )
Income and expense adjustments   49,557,396   53,575,957   46,280,030   1,547,310
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss   520,335   789,666   (594,847   )   (19,888   )
Contract assets   —   (357,515   )   (126,340   )   (4,224   )
Notes receivable and accounts receivable   1,587,562   (1,382,668   )   439,400   14,691
Other receivables   (261,834   )   618,317   67,347   2,251
Inventories   (1,565,132   )   (46,497   )   (1,370,249   )   (45,812   )
Other current assets   (4,397,764   )   743,519   5,769,041   192,880
Contract fulfillment costs   —   (448,933   )   8,054   269
Contract liabilities   —   (3,020,517   )   69,329   2,318
Notes and accounts payable   (185,907   )   257,044   (739,066   )   (24,710   )
Other payables   727,300   (332,290   )   511,244   17,092
Other current liabilities   1,803,309   215,062   796,243   26,621
Net defined benefit liabilities   (14,562   )   (26,405   )   (35,398   )   (1,183   )
Other noncurrent liabilities   (209,250   )   —   (3,240   )   (108   )
Cash generated from operations   55,233,163   52,702,660   55,878,144   1,868,209
Interest received   329,194   666,774   973,241   32,539
Dividend received   584,612   782,157   818,691   27,372
Interest paid   (1,905,718   )   (2,221,301   )   (2,147,320   )   (71,793   )
Income tax paid   (1,766,856   )   (995,314   )   (618,608   )   (20,682   )
Net cash provided by operating activities   52,474,395   50,934,976   54,904,148   1,835,645
Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   (138,022   )   (593,563   )   (354,249   )   (11,844   )
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   18,789   1,061   229,553   7,675
Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income or loss   —   —   44,466   1,487
Acquisition of available-for-sale financial assets   (998,216   )   —   —   —
Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale financial assets   2,159,636   —   —   —
Acquisition of financial assets measured at cost   (14,419   )   —   —   —
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at cost   361   —   —   —
Acquisition of investments accounted for under the equity method   (204,280   )   (840,000   )   (730,000   )   (24,407   )
Proceeds from disposal of investments accounted for under the equity method   —   —   5,970   200
Increase in prepayment for investments   (17,200   )   —   (17,974   )   (601   )
Proceeds from capital reduction and liquidation of investments   2,101,791   61,800   32,214   1,077
Acquisition of subsidiary (net of cash acquired)   —   —   (12,800,981   )   (427,983   )
Disposal of subsidiary   —   (9,813   )   32,017   1,070
Derecognition of hedging financial assets and liabilities   —   (2,572   )   —   —
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment   (44,236,276   )   (19,590,075   )   (16,518,483   )   (552,273   )
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment   119,613   200,991   45,042   1,506
Increase in refundable deposits   (109,627   )   (1,674,984   )   (257,909   )   (8,623   )
Decrease in refundable deposits   424,706   691,807   441,013   14,745
Acquisition of intangible assets   (1,283,938   )   (838,675   )   (2,443,593   )   (81,698   )
Government grants related to assets acquisition   6,755,920   7,129,770   617,685   20,651
Increase in other noncurrent assets   (30,294   )   (36,440   )   (15,074   )   (504   )
Decrease in other noncurrent assets   35,864   1,090   8,786   294
Net cash used in investing activities   (35,415,592   )   (15,499,603   )   (31,681,517   )   (1,059,228   )

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-9

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019

(Expressed in Thousands)

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   US$
Cash flows from financing activities:
Increase in short-term loans   48,804,321   22,021,005   25,732,933   860,345
Decrease in short-term loans   (42,925,604   )   (34,309,253   )   (26,726,656   )   (893,569   )
Cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liability   —   —   (633,488   )   (21,180   )
Proceeds from bonds issued   13,700,000   —   —   —
Bonds issuance costs   (15,785   )   —   —   —
Redemption of bonds   (7,500,000   )   (7,500,000   )   (2,500,000   )   (83,584   )
Proceeds from long-term loans   12,000,708   758,500   11,449,930   382,813
Repayments of long-term loans   (7,602,596   )   (2,638,697   )   (7,572,939   )   (253,191   )
Increase in guarantee deposits   194,555   213,432   269,415   9,008
Decrease in guarantee deposits   (84,192   )   (125,301   )   (17,146   )   (573   )
Cash dividends   (6,103,195   )   (8,557,684   )   (6,911,058   )   (231,062   )
Treasury stock acquired   —   (6,148,273   )   (2,972,243   )   (99,373   )
Treasury stock sold to employees   —   2,204,000   —   —
Acquisition of non-controlling interests   (1,308,614   )   —   —   —
Change in non-controlling interests   1,994   597,385   3,388   113
Others   —   —   10,818   362
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   9,161,592   (33,484,886   )   (9,867,046   )   (329,891   )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   (2,124,804   )   36,680   (1,524,847   )   (50,981   )
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   24,095,591   1,987,167   11,830,738   395,545
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   57,578,981   81,674,572   83,661,739   2,797,116
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   81,674,572   83,661,739   95,492,477   3,192,661

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

F-10

Table of Contents

UNITED MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Expressed in Thousands of New Taiwan Dollars unless Otherwise Specified)

1.   HISTORY AND ORGANIZATION

United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) was incorporated in Republic of China (R.O.C.) in May 1980 and commenced operations in April 1982.
UMC is a full service semiconductor wafer foundry, and provides a variety of services to satisfy customer needs. UMC’s ordinary shares were publicly listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) in July 1985 and its American Depositary Shares
(ADSs) were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in September 2000.

The address of its registered office and principal place of
business is No. 3,
Li-Hsin
 Road II, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu City, Taiwan. The principal operating activities of UMC and its subsidiaries (collectively as “the Company”) are described in
Notes 4(3) and 12.

2.   DATE AND PROCEDURES OF AUTHORIZATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR ISSUE

The consolidated financial statements of the Company were approved and authorized for issue by the audit committee of the Board of Directors on
April 27, 2020.

3.   NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT UNDER INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (IFRSs)

(1)   The Company applied International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards, and
Interpretations issued, revised or amended which have been issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and become effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. Apart from the impact of the standards and
interpretations which is described below, all other standards and interpretations have no material impact on the Company’s financial position and performance.

a.   IFRS 16 “Leases” (IFRS 16)

IFRS 16 replaces IAS 17 “Leases” (IAS 17), IFRIC 4 “Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease” (IFRIC 4), SIC 15
“Operating Leases-Incentives” and SIC 27 “Evaluating the Substance of Transactions in the Legal Form of a Lease” for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019.

F-11

Table of Contents

The Company elected not to reassess whether a contract was, or contained, a lease at the
date of initial application (January 1, 2019) in accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16. The Company was permitted to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4. The Company elected
not to restate comparative information and applied the standard retrospectively only to contracts that were not completed at the date of initial application in accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16. The Company recognized the
cumulative effect of initially applying IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. As the Company only has operating leases, the impact arising from the adoption of IFRS 16 are summarized as follows:

i.   For leases that were classified as operating leases applying IAS 17, lease payments were recognized as expenses
on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Upon adoption of IFRS 16, the Company measured and recognized those leases, except for short-term or low-value asset lease exemptions, as lease liabilities at the
present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using its weighted average incremental borrowing rate of 2.64% on January 1, 2019. On a lease-by-lease basis, the right-of-use asset was measured and recognized at an amount equal to the lease liability (adjusted by the amount of any prepaid lease payments). The Company
assessed the cumulative effect at the date of initial application was primarily consisted of a decrease in other current assets amounting to NT$15 million; an increase in right-of-use assets amounting to NT$8,578 million; a decrease in other noncurrent assets amounting to NT$2,621 million; a decrease in other payables amounting
to NT$40 million; an increase in lease liabilities amounting to NT$6,006 million; a decrease in additional paid-in capital-other amounting to NT$10 million; and a decrease in other components of
equity amounting to NT$14 million.

ii.   In accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16, the Company used the following practical expedients on
a lease-by-lease basis to leases previously classified as operating leases:

(i)   Apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

(ii)   Elect to account in the same way as short-term leases to leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months
of January 1, 2019.

(iii)   Use hindsight, such as in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or terminate
the lease.

F-12

Table of Contents

iii.   The difference between the present value of operating lease commitments under IAS 17 as of December 31,
2018 discounted at the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate and lease liabilities recognized on January 1, 2019 is explained as below:

Operating lease commitments under IAS 17 as of December 31, 2018   $   7,408,369
Present value discounted at the incremental borrowing rate on January 1, 2019   $   5,997,551
Add: An extension option reasonably certain to be exercised   8,906
Lease liabilities as of January 1, 2019   $   6,006,457

(2)   The Company has not adopted the following new, revised or amended IFRSs that have been issued by the IASB but
not yet effective:

No.   The projects of Standards or Interpretations   Effective for annual periods beginning on or
after
IFRS 10 and IAS 28   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture - Amendments
to IFRS 10 and IAS 28   Subject to IASB’s announcement
IFRS 17   Insurance Contracts   January 1, 2021
IFRS 3   Definition of a Business - Amendments to IFRS 3   January 1, 2020
IAS 1 and IAS 8   Definition of Material - Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8   January 1, 2020
IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7   January 1, 2020
IAS 1   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current-Amendments to IAS 1   January 1, 2022

(3)   The potential effects of adopting the standards or interpretations issued by IASB on the Company’s
financial statements in future periods are summarized as below:

a.   IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” (IFRS 10) and IAS 28 “Investments in Associates
and Joint Ventures” (IAS 28)—Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (Amendment)

F-13

Table of Contents

The amendments address the inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 28, in
dealing with the loss of control of a subsidiary that is contributed to an associate or a joint venture. IAS 28 restricts gains and losses arising from contributions of
non-monetary
 assets to an associate or a
joint venture to the extent of the interest attributable to the other equity holders in the associate or joint venture. IFRS 10 requires full profit or loss recognition on the loss of control of a subsidiary. IAS 28 was amended so that the gain or
loss resulting from the sale or contribution of assets that constitute a business as defined in IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” (IFRS 3) between an investor and its associate or joint venture is recognized in full. IFRS 10 was also amended
so that the gain or loss resulting from the sale or contribution of a subsidiary that does not constitute a business as defined in IFRS 3 between an investor and its associate or joint venture is recognized only to the extent of the unrelated
investors’ interests in the associate or joint venture. The effective date of this amendment has been deferred indefinitely, but early adoption is allowed.

b.   IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”—Definition of a Business (Amendment)

The amendments clarify the definition of a business in IFRS 3. The amendments are intended to assist entities to
determine whether a transaction should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition.

IFRS 3 continues to adopt a
market participant’s perspective to determine whether an acquired set of activities and assets is a business. The amendments clarify the minimum requirements for a business, add guidance to help entities assess whether an acquired process is
substantive, narrow the definitions of a business and of outputs, etc.

c.   IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” (IAS 1) and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes
in Accounting Estimates and Errors”—Definition of Material (Amendment)

The main amendment is to clarify a
new definition of material. It states that “information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of
those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity.” The amendments clarify that materiality will depend on the nature or magnitude of information. An entity will need to assess whether the
information, either individually or in combination with other information, is material in the context of the financial statements.

F-14

Table of Contents

d.   IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” (IFRS 9), IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement” (IAS 39) and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” - Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendment)

The amendments include a number of exceptions, which apply to all hedging relationships that are directly affected by interest rate benchmark
reform. A hedging relationship is directly affected if the interest rate benchmark reform gives rise to uncertainties about the timing or amount of benchmark-based cash flows of the hedged item or the hedging instrument. Hence, the entity shall
apply the exceptions to all hedging relationships directly affected by the interest rate benchmark reform.

The amendments include:

i.   highly probable requirement: When determining whether a forecast transaction is highly probable, an entity
shall assume that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows are based is not altered as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform.

ii.   prospective assessments: When performing prospective assessments, an entity shall assume that the interest rate
benchmark on which the hedged item, hedged risk and/or hedging instrument are based is not altered as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform.

iii.   IAS 39 retrospective assessment: An entity is not required to undertake the IAS 39 retrospective assessment
(i.e. the actual results of the hedge are within a range of 80~125%) for hedging relationships directly affected by the interest rate benchmark reform.

iv.   separately identifiable risk components: For hedges of a non-contractually specified benchmark component of interest rate risk, an entity shall apply the separately identifiable requirement only at the inception of such hedging relationships.

The amendments also include the end of application of the exceptions requirements and the related disclosures requirements of the amendments.

e.   IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendment)

These are the amendments to paragraphs
69-76
 of IAS 1 and the
amended paragraphs related to the classification of liabilities as current or
non-current.

The
Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the aforementioned standards and interpretations listed as item e to the Company’s financial position and performance, and the related impact will be disclosed when the evaluation is
completed. The rest of the standards listed are not expected to have material impact on the Company’s financial position and performance.

F-15

Table of Contents

4.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

(1)   Statement of Compliance

The Company’s consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRSs, including International Financial Reporting
Standards, International Accounting Standards, IFRIC Interpretations and SIC Interpretations, as issued by IASB.

(2)   Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for financial instruments measured at fair value.

(3)   General Description of Reporting Entity

a.   Principles of consolidation

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition (the date on which the Company obtains control), and continue to be
consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The Company controls an entity when the Company is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
power over the entity. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies. All intra-group balances, transactions, unrealized gains and losses and
dividends resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full.

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a
change of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the stockholders of the parent and to the
non-controlling
 interests even if this
results in the
non-controlling
 interests having a deficit balance.

If the Company loses control
over a subsidiary, the Company derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, as well as any
non-controlling
 interests previously recorded by the Company. A gain or loss is recognized in profit or
loss and is calculated as the difference between: (a) the aggregate of the fair value of consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest at the date when control is lost; and (b) the previous carrying amount of the
assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any
non-controlling
 interests. Any gain or loss previously recognized in the other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or
loss or transferred directly to retained earnings if required by other IFRSs. The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the cost on initial recognition of an investment.

F-16

Table of Contents

b.   The consolidated entities as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows:

Percentage of ownership (%) as of December 31,
Investor   Subsidiary   Business nature   2018   2019
UMC   UMC GROUP (USA)   IC Sales   100.00   100.00
UMC   UNITED MICROELECTRONICS (EUROPE) B.V.   Marketing support activities   100.00   100.00
UMC   UMC CAPITAL CORP.   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   GREEN EARTH LIMITED (GE)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   TLC CAPITAL CO., LTD. (TLC)   Venture capital   100.00   100.00
UMC   UMC INVESTMENT (SAMOA) LIMITED   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   FORTUNE VENTURE CAPITAL CORP. (FORTUNE)   Consulting and planning for venture capital   100.00   100.00
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   IC Sales   100.00   100.00
UMC   UMC KOREA CO., LTD.   Marketing support activities   100.00   100.00
UMC   OMNI GLOBAL LIMITED (OMNI)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   SINO PARAGON LIMITED   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   BEST ELITE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (BE)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
UMC   UNITED SEMICONDUCTOR JAPAN CO., LTD.   Sales and manufacturing of integrated circuits   —   100.00
UMC, FORTUNE and TLC   NEXPOWER TECHNOLOGY CORP. (NEXPOWER)   Sales and manufacturing of solar power batteries   93.36   93.36
UMC and FORTUNE   WAVETEK MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION (WAVETEK)   Sales and manufacturing of integrated circuits   78.47   80.49
UMC CAPITAL CORP.   UMC CAPITAL (USA)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
TLC   SOARING CAPITAL CORP.   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
SOARING CAPITAL CORP.   UNITRUTH ADVISOR (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD.   Investment holding and advisory   100.00   100.00
GE   UNITED MICROCHIP CORPORATION   Investment holding   100.00   100.00

F-17

Table of Contents

Percentage of ownership (%) as of December 31,
Investor   Subsidiary   Business nature   2018   2019
FORTUNE   TERA ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD. (TERA ENERGY)   Energy technical services   100.00   100.00
TERA ENERGY   EVERRICH ENERGY INVESTMENT (HK) LIMITED (EVERRICH-HK)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
EVERRICH-HK   EVERRICH (SHANDONG) ENERGY CO., LTD.   Solar engineering integrated design services   100.00   100.00
OMNI   UNITED MICROTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION (NEW YORK)   Research and development   100.00   100.00
OMNI   UNITED MICROTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION (CALIFORNIA)   Research and development   100.00   100.00
OMNI   ECP VITA PTE. LTD.   Insurance   100.00   100.00
OMNI   UMC TECHNOLOGY JAPAN CO., LTD.   Semiconductor manufacturing technology development and consulting services   100.00   100.00
WAVETEK   WAVETEK MICROELECTRONICS INVESTMENT (SAMOA) LIMITED (WAVETEK-SAMOA)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
WAVETEK-SAMOA   WAVETEK MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION (USA)   Sales and marketing service   100.00   100.00
NEXPOWER   SOCIALNEX ITALIA 1 S.R.L.   Photovoltaic power plant   100.00   —
BE   INFOSHINE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (INFOSHINE)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
INFOSHINE   OAKWOOD ASSOCIATES LIMITED (OAKWOOD)   Investment holding   100.00   100.00
OAKWOOD   HEJIAN TECHNOLOGY (SUZHOU) CO., LTD. (HJ)   Sales and manufacturing of integrated circuits   98.14   98.14
HJ   UNITEDDS SEMICONDUCTOR (SHANDONG) CO., LTD.   Integrated circuits design services   100.00   100.00
UNITED MICROCHIP CORPORATION and HJ   UNITED SEMICONDUCTOR (XIAMEN) CO., LTD. (USCXM)   Sales and manufacturing of integrated circuits   65.22   65.22

F-18

Table of Contents

(4)   Business Combinations and Goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred, the identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed are measured at the acquisition date fair value. For the components of
non-controlling
 interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation, the acquirer measures at either fair value or at the
non-controlling
 interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s
identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and are classified under administrative expenses.

When the
Company acquires a business, it assesses the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
in the acquiree is remeasured at fair value as at the acquisition date through profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be
transferred by the acquirer will be recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration, which is deemed to be an asset or liability, will be recognized in accordance with IFRS 9
(before January 1, 2018: IAS 39), either in profit or loss or other comprehensive income. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, it should not be remeasured until it is finally settled within equity.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the acquisition date fair value of
the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree and the amount recognized for
non-controlling
 interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value
of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred and
non-controlling
 interests, the difference is recognized as a gain on bargain purchase.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each cash-generating unit (CGU) that is expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to
those units. Each unit or groups of units to which the goodwill is so allocated represents the lowest level within the Company at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and cannot be larger than an operating segment before
aggregation.

F-19

Table of Contents

Where goodwill forms part of a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is disposed,
the goodwill associated with the operation disposed is included in the carrying amount of the operation. Goodwill disposed in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed and the portion of the CGU retained.

(5)   Foreign Currency Transactions

The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in New Taiwan Dollars (NTD), which is also the parent company’s
functional currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Company’s entities at their respective functional currency rates
prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currency at the closing rates of exchange at the reporting date.

Non-monetary
 items measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.
Non-monetary
 items
that are measured at historical cost in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions.

All exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items are taken to profit or loss in the period
in which they arise except for the following:

a.   Exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings for an acquisition of a qualifying asset to the
extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs are included in the borrowing costs that are eligible for capitalization.

b.   Foreign currency derivatives within the scope of IFRS 9 (before January 1, 2018: IAS 39) are accounted for
based on the accounting policy for financial instruments.

c.   Exchange differences arising on a monetary item that is part of a reporting entity’s net investment in a
foreign operation are recognized initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss upon disposal of such investment.

F-20

Table of Contents

When a gain or loss on a
non-monetary
 item is
recognized in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income. When a gain or loss on a
non-monetary
 item is recognized in profit or loss,
any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.

(6)   Translation of Foreign Currency Financial Statements

The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into NTD at the closing rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date and
their income and expenses are translated at an average exchange rate for the period. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognized in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the
exchange differences relating to that foreign operation, recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the separate component of equity, is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognized.

On partial disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation that does not result in a loss of control, the proportionate share
of the cumulative amount of the exchange differences recognized in other comprehensive income is
re-attributed
 to the
non-controlling
 interests in that foreign
operation. On partial disposal of an associate or a joint venture that includes a foreign operation that does not result in a loss of significant influence or joint control, only the proportionate share of the cumulative amount of the exchange
differences recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss.

Any goodwill and any fair value adjustments to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising from the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and expressed in its functional currency.

(7)   Convenience Translation into U.S. Dollars

Translations of amounts from NTD into U.S. dollars (USD) for the reader’s convenience were calculated at the rate of USD1.00 to NTD29.91
on December 31, 2019 released by Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. No representation is made that the NTD amounts could have been, or could be, converted into USD at this rate.

F-21

Table of Contents

(8)   Current and Non-Current Distinction

An asset is classified as current when:

a.   the Company expects to realize the asset, or intends to sell or consume it, in its normal operating cycle;

b.   the Company holds the asset primarily for the purpose of trading;

c.   the Company expects to realize the asset within twelve months after the reporting period; or

d.   the asset is cash or a cash equivalent unless the asset is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.

All other assets are classified as
non-current.

A liability is classified as current when:

a.   the Company expects to settle the liability in normal operating cycle;

b.   the Company holds the liability primarily for the purpose of trading;

c.   the liability is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or

d.   the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve
months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments do not affect its classification.

All other liabilities are classified as
non-current.

(9)   Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and with maturity dates that
do not present significant risks of changes in value resulting from changes in interest rates, including time deposits with original maturities of three months or less and repurchase agreements collateralized by government bonds and corporate bonds.

(10)   Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Purchase or sale of financial assets and liabilities are recognized using trade date accounting. All financial assets are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at fair value through profit or loss, directly
attributable costs. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognized at fair value, and transaction costs are expensed in the statement of comprehensive income.

F-22

Table of Contents

Financial Assets

a.   Classification and subsequent measurement

2017

The Company
determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition. In accordance with IAS 39, financial assets of the Company are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,
available-for-sale
 financial assets,
held-to-maturity
 financial assets and notes, accounts and other receivables.

i.   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are comprised of financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated upon
initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss.

Financial assets acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the
near term, and derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge accounting are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

ii.   Available-for-sale financial
assets

Available-for-sale
 investments
are those
non-derivative
 financial assets that are designated as
available-for-sale
 or are not classified as financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss,
held-to-maturity
 financial assets, or loans and receivables.

Available-for-sale
 financial investments are subsequently
measured at fair value. Other than impairment losses which are recognized in profit or loss, subsequent measurement of
available-for-sale
 equity instrument financial
assets are recognized in other comprehensive income until the investment is derecognized, at which time the cumulative gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. If equity instrument investments do not have quoted prices in an active market and
their fair value cannot be reliably measured, then they are classified as financial assets measured at cost on the balance sheet.

F-23

Table of Contents

iii.   Held-to-maturity financial
assets

Non-derivative
 financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and
fixed maturities are classified as
held-to-maturity
 when the Company has the positive intention and ability to hold them to maturity.

After initial measurement,
held-to-maturity
 financial assets
are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less impairment. Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or transaction costs. The effective interest method amortization
and impairment, if any, is recognized in profit or loss.

iv.   Notes, accounts and other receivables

Notes and accounts receivable are creditors’ rights as a result of sales of goods or services. Other receivables are any receivable not
classified as notes and accounts receivable. Notes, accounts and other receivables are initially measured and recognized at their fair values and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less impairment losses. If
the effect of discounting is immaterial, the short term notes, accounts and other receivables are measured at their nominal amount.

2018 and 2019

The
Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition. In accordance with IFRS 9, financial assets of the Company are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income, and financial assets measured at amortized cost.

i.   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets that are not measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognized initially at fair
value and subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

F-24

Table of Contents

ii   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

At initial recognition, the Company may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair
value of an investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. When there is a disposal of such equity instrument, accumulated amounts presented in other comprehensive income are not subsequently transferred to profit or loss but are
transferred directly to the retained earnings.

The debt instruments are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if both
of the following conditions are met:

(i)   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
cash flows and selling financial assets and

(ii)   the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Subsequent changes in the fair value of such
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognized in other comprehensive income. Before derecognition, impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or
loss. When the financial assets are derecognized the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from other comprehensive income to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment.

iii.   Financial assets measured at amortized cost

The financial assets are measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalent, notes, accounts and other receivables and other
financial assets) if both of the following conditions are met.

(i)   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to
collect contractual cash flows; and

(ii)   the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Subsequent to initial recognition for financial
assets measured at amortized cost, interest income, measured by the effective interest method amortization process, and impairment losses are recognized during circulation period. Gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the financial
assets are derecognized.

F-25

Table of Contents

b.   Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset is derecognized when:

i.   the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired;

ii.   the Company has transferred assets and substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset have been
transferred; or

iii.   the Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has
transferred control of the asset.

2017

On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the consideration received or to be
received including any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is recognized in profit or loss.

If
the transferred asset is part of a larger financial asset and the part transferred qualifies for derecognition in its entirety, the Company allocates the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset between the part that continues to be
recognized and the part that is derecognized, based on the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the transfer. Any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is allocated between the part that
continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, based on the relative fair values of those parts. The difference between the carrying amount allocated to the part derecognized and the sum of the consideration received for the part
derecognized and any cumulative gain or loss allocated that had been recognized in other comprehensive income, is recognized in profit or loss.

2018 and 2019

On
derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the consideration received or to be received including any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is
recognized in profit or loss (for debt instruments) or directly in retained earnings (for equity instruments).

F-26

Table of Contents

If the transferred asset is part of a larger financial asset and the part transferred
qualifies for derecognition in its entirety, the Company allocates the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset between the part that continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, based on the relative fair values of
those parts on the date of the transfer. Any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is allocated between the part that continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, based on the relative fair
values of those parts. The difference between the carrying amount allocated to the part derecognized and the sum of the consideration received for the part derecognized and any cumulative gain or loss allocated that had been recognized in other
comprehensive income, is recognized in profit or loss or directly in retained earnings.

c.   Impairment policy

2017

The carrying
amount of a financial asset is reduced as a result of impairment, except for accounts receivable for which the carrying amount is reduced through use of an allowance account. When an account receivable is deemed to be uncollectible, it is written
off from the allowance account.

i.   Notes, accounts and other receivables

The Company first assesses at each reporting date whether objective evidence of impairment exists for notes, accounts and other receivables
that are individually significant. If there is objective evidence that an impairment loss has occurred, the amount of impairment loss is assessed individually. For notes, accounts and other receivables other than those mentioned above, the Company
groups those assets with similar credit risk characteristics and collectively assesses them for impairment. If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases, and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring
after the impairment was recognized, the previously recognized impairment loss is reversed and recognized through profit or loss. The reversal shall not result in a carrying amount of notes, accounts and other receivables that exceeds what the
amortized cost would have been had the impairment not been recognized at the date the impairment is reversed.

F-27

Table of Contents

ii.   Other financial assets

The Company assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is
impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets is deemed to be impaired if, and only if, there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more loss events that has occurred since the initial recognition of the asset (an
incurred “loss event”) and that loss event has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the individual financial asset or a group of financial assets.

For the financial assets carried at amortized cost, the amount of the impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying
amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. For equity investments classified as
available-for-sale,

objective evidence of an impairment would include a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the investment below its cost. When there is objective evidence of an impairment for
available-for-sale
 equity securities, the full amount of the losses previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss. Impairment losses recognized on equity investments
cannot be reversed through profit or loss. Any subsequent increases in their fair value after impairment are recognized in other comprehensive income.

2018 and 2019

The
Company measures, at each reporting date, an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for debt instrument investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortized cost by assessing
reasonable and supportable information including forward-looking information. Where the credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
12-month
 ECLs. Where the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to the lifetime ECLs.

For notes, accounts receivable and contract assets, the Company applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Company does
not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECLs are measured based on the Company’s historical credit loss experience and customers’ current financial condition,
adjusted for forward-looking factors, such as customers’ economic environment.

F-28

Table of Contents

Financial Liabilities

a.   Classification and subsequent measurement

2017

The Company
classifies the instrument issued as a financial liability or an equity instrument in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

i.   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Gains or losses on the subsequent measurement including interest paid are recognized in profit or loss.

ii.   Financial liabilities carried at amortized cost

Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost include interest bearing loans and borrowings that are subsequently measured using the
effective interest method after initial recognition. Gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective interest method amortization process.

Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or transaction costs.

2018 and 2019

The
Company classifies the instrument issued as a financial liability or an equity instrument in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

F-29

Table of Contents

i.   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Excluding changes in own credit risk, gains or losses on the subsequent measurement including interest paid are recognized in profit or loss.

ii.   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost include interest bearing loans and borrowings that are subsequently measured using the
effective interest method after initial recognition. Gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective interest method amortization process.

Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or transaction costs.

b.   Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing
liability are substantially modified (whether or not attributable to the financial difficulty of the debtor), such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the
difference in the respective carrying amounts and the consideration paid, including any
non-cash
 assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in profit or loss.

F-30

Table of Contents

(11)   Hedge Accounting

Cash flow hedges

The
Company manages exposures arising from foreign currency exchange risk. With the adoption of IFRS 9, the Company designates a hedging relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item with the existence of an economic relationship and
determines the hedge ratio to meet the hedge effectiveness. The Company designates certain hedging instruments to partially hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions. The separate
component of equity associated with the hedged item is adjusted to the lower of the following (in absolute amounts):

a.   the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument from inception of the hedge; and

b.   the cumulative change in fair value (present value) of the expected future cash flows on the hedged item from
inception of the hedge.

The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective
hedge is recognized in other comprehensive income, whereas the ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized directly in profit or loss. If a hedge of a forecast transaction subsequently results in the
recognition of a
non-financial
 asset or a
non-financial
 liability, the associated gains or losses that were recognized in other comprehensive income are included in the
initial cost of the asset or liability.

The Company prospectively discontinues hedge accounting only when the hedging relationship ceases
to meet the qualifying criteria; for instance when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised.

(12)   Inventories

Inventories are accounted for on a perpetual basis. Raw materials are stated at actual purchase costs, while the work in process and finished
goods are stated at standard costs and subsequently adjusted to weighted-average costs at the end of each month. The cost of work in progress and finished goods comprises raw materials, direct labor, other direct costs and related production
overheads. Allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of conversion is based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. Cost associated with underutilized capacity is expensed as incurred. Inventories are valued at the lower of
cost and net realizable value item by item. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

(13)   Investments Accounted For Under the Equity Method

The Company’s investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method other than those that meet the
criteria to be classified as
non-current
 assets held for sale.

F-31

Table of Contents

An associate is an entity over which the Company has significant influence and that is
neither a subsidiary nor a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the Company that has joint control of the arrangement has rights to the net assets of
the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement where no single party controls the arrangement on its own, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
the parties sharing control.

Any difference between the acquisition cost and the Company’s share of the net fair value of the
identifiable assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures is accounted for as follows:

a.   Any excess of the acquisition cost over the Company’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
assets and liabilities of an associate or a joint venture at the date of acquisition is recognized as goodwill and is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Amortization of goodwill is not permitted.

b.   Any excess of the Company’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of an
associate or a joint venture over the acquisition cost, after reassessing the fair value, is recognized as a gain in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint ventures are carried on the balance sheet at cost plus post acquisition
changes in the Company’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures. The Company’s share of changes in associates’ and joint ventures’ profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
recognized directly in profit or loss and other comprehensive income, respectively. Distributions received from an associate or a joint venture reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Any unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions
between the Company and the associate or the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Company’s interest in the associate or the joint venture.

Financial statements of associates and joint ventures are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company. Where necessary, adjustments
are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Company.

F-32

Table of Contents

Upon an associate’s issuance of new shares, if the Company takes up more shares than
its original proportionate holding while maintaining its significant influence over that associate, such increase would be accounted for as an acquisition of an additional equity interest in the associate. Upon an associate’s issuance of new
shares, if the Company does not take up proportionate shares and reduces its stockholding percentage while maintaining its significant influence over that associate, the Company will treat the transaction as deemed disposal and reclassify to profit
or loss the proportion of the gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest where appropriate.

The Company ceases to use the equity method upon loss of significant influence over an associate. Any difference between the carrying amount of
the investment in an associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment plus proceeds from disposal will be recognized in profit or loss. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate, the Company continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.

The Company determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investments in associates and joint ventures are
impaired. An impairment loss, being the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its carrying amount, is recognized in profit or loss in the statement of comprehensive income and forms part of the carrying
amount of the investments.

(14)   Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any, and any borrowing
costs incurred for long-term construction projects are capitalized if the recognition criteria are met. Significant renewals, improvements and major inspections meeting the recognition criteria are treated as capital expenditures, and the carrying
amounts of those replaced parts are derecognized. Maintenance and repairs are recognized in expenses as incurred. Any gain or loss arising from derecognition of the assets is recognized in other operating income and expenses.

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives. A significant part of an item of property, plant and
equipment which has a different useful life from the remainder of the item is depreciated separately.

F-33

Table of Contents

The depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values for the assets are reviewed at
each fiscal year end, and the changes from the previous estimation are recorded as changes in accounting estimates.

Except for land, which
is not depreciated, the estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:

Buildings   7~56 years
Machinery and equipment   6~9 years
Transportation equipment   5~7 years
Furniture and fixtures   1~9 years
Leasehold improvement   The shorter of lease terms or useful lives

(15)   Lease

The summary of significant accounting policies applying in 2019 is as follows:

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
exchange of consideration, and to obtain substantially all economic benefits from use of the identified asset. The Company accounts for a lease contract as a single lease and separates the lease and
non-lease

components included in the contract.

The Company as a lessor

The Company recognizes lease payments from operating leases as rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

The Company as a lessee

At the commencement date of a lease, a lessee is required to recognize

right-of-use
 assets and lease liabilities, except for short-term leases and
low-value
 asset leases.

a.   At the commencement date, lease liabilities should be recognized and measured at the present value of the lease
payments that have not been paid at that date, using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The payments comprise:

i.   fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable;

ii.   variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate;

iii.   amounts expected to be payable by the Company under residual value guarantees;

F-34

Table of Contents

iv.   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise; and

v.   payments for terminating the lease unless it is reasonably certain that early termination will not occur.

Lease liabilities are measured in subsequent periods using the effective interest method, and the interest expenses are
recognized over the lease terms. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification which is not accounted as a separate lease, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to
future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

b.   At the commencement date, the right-of-use assets should be measured at cost, which comprise:

i.   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

ii.   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date; and

iii.   any initial direct costs incurred.

Subsequent to initial recognition, the
right-of-use
 assets are
measured using cost model.
Right-of-use
 assets measured under the cost model are depreciated from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of
the
right-of-use
 assets or the end of the lease terms. Any remeasurement of the lease liabilities results in a corresponding adjustment of the
right-of-use
 assets.

The Company presents
right-of-use
 assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheets, and depreciation expenses and interest expenses are separately presented in the statements of comprehensive
income. The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with short-term leases and
low-value
 asset leases as expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.

(16)   Intangible Assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business
combination is its fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Internally generated intangible assets
which fail to meet the recognition criteria are not capitalized and the expenditures are reflected in profit or loss in the period incurred.

F-35

Table of Contents

The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over the useful lives and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that
the intangible assets may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each fiscal year. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected
pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortization period or method, as appropriate, and is treated as changes in accounting estimates.

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually, either individually or at the CGU
level. The assessment of indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite useful life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.

Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are recognized in other operating income and expenses.

Accounting policies of the Company’s intangible assets are summarized as follows:

a.   Goodwill arising from business combinations is not amortized, and is tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an event occurs or circumstances change which indicates that the goodwill is impaired, an impairment loss is recognized. Goodwill impairment
losses cannot be reversed once recognized.

b.   Software is amortized over the contract term or estimated useful life (3~6 years) on a straight-line basis.

c.   Patent and technology license fee: Upon signing of contract and obtaining the right to intellectual property,
any portion attributable to non-cancellable and mutually agreed future fixed license fees for patent and technology is discounted and recognized as an intangible asset and related liability. The cost of the
intangible asset is not revalued once determined on initial recognition, and is amortized over the useful life (5~10 years) on a straight-line basis. Interest expenses from the related liability are recognized and calculated based on the effective
interest method. Based on the timing of payments, the liability is classified as current and non-current.

F-36

Table of Contents

d.   Others are mainly the intellectual property license fees, amortized over the shorter of the contract term or
estimated useful life (3 years) of the related technology on a straight-line basis.

(17)   Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset in the scope of IAS 36 “Impairment of
Assets” (IAS 36) may be impaired. If any indication exists, the Company completes impairment testing for the CGU to which the individual assets belong. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is
considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an individual asset or a CGU is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. If circumstances indicate that previously
recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased at each reporting date, the Company
re-assesses
 the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss
is reversed only if there has been an increase in the estimated service potential of an asset which in turn increases the recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the
asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years.

A CGU, or group of CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually at the same time every year, irrespective of
whether there is any indication of impairment. Where the carrying amount of a CGU (including the carrying amount of goodwill) exceeds its recoverable amount, the CGU is considered impaired. If an impairment loss is to be recognized, it is first
allocated to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of units), then to the other assets of the unit (group of units) pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (group of units). Impairment
losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

The recognition or reversal of impairment losses is classified as other
operating income and expenses.

F-37

Table of Contents

(18)   Bonds

Convertible bonds

UMC
evaluates the terms of the convertible bonds issued to determine whether it contains both a liability and an equity component. Furthermore, UMC assesses if the economic characteristics and risks of the put and call options embedded in the
convertible bonds are closely related to the economic characteristics and risk of the host contract before separating the equity element.

For the liability component excluding the derivatives, its fair value is determined based on the effective interest rate applied at that time
by the market to instruments of comparable credit status. The liability component is classified as a financial liability measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method before the instrument is converted or settled. For the embedded
derivative that is not closely related to the host contract, it is classified as a liability component and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it qualifies as an equity component. The equity component is recognized
initially at the difference between the fair value of the compound financial instrument as a whole and the fair value of the liability component. Its carrying amount is not remeasured in the subsequent accounting periods. If the convertible bond
issued does not have an equity component, it is accounted for as a hybrid instrument in accordance with the requirements under IFRS 9 (before January 1, 2018: IAS 39).

If the convertible bondholders exercise their conversion right before maturity, UMC shall adjust the carrying amount of the liability
component. The adjusted carrying amount of the liability component at conversion and the carrying amount of equity component are credited to common stock and additional
paid-in
 capital-premiums. No gain or
loss is recognized upon bond conversion.

In addition, the liability component of convertible bonds is classified as a current liability if
within 12 months the bondholders may exercise the put right. After the put right expires, the liability component of the convertible bonds should be reclassified as a
non-current
 liability if it meets the
definition of a
non-current
 liability in all other respects.

(19)   Post-Employment Benefits

Under defined contribution pension plans, the contribution payable to the plan in exchange for the service rendered by an employee during a
period shall be recognized as an expense. The contribution payable, after deducting any amount already paid, is recognized as a liability.

F-38

Table of Contents

Under defined benefit pension plans, the net defined benefit liability (asset) shall be
recognized as the amount of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, deducting the fair value of any plan assets and adjusting for any effect of the asset ceiling. Service cost and net interest on the net defined benefit liability
(asset) are recognized as expenses in the period of service. Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset), which comprises actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling,
excluding any amounts included in net interest, is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and shall not be
reclassified to profit or loss in a subsequent period.

(20)   Government Grants

In accordance with IAS 20 “Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance”, the Company recognizes the
government grants when there is reasonable assurance that such grants will be received and the conditions attaching to them will be complied with.

An asset related government grant is recorded as deferred income and recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful
lives of the assets. An expense related government grant is recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grant is intended to compensate. A government
grant that compensates for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Company with no future related costs is recognized in profit or loss when it becomes receivable.

(21)   Treasury Stock

UMC’s own equity instruments repurchased (treasury stocks) are recognized at repurchase cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss
shall be recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of UMC’s own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration is recognized in equity.

F-39

Table of Contents

(22)   Share-Based Payment Transactions

The cost of equity-settled transactions between the Company and its employees is measured at the fair value using an appropriate pricing model
by reference to the market price of the equity instruments on the grant date.

The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized,
together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the periods in which the performance and/or service conditions are being fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date reflects the extent
to which the vesting period has passed and the Company’s best estimate of the quantity of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognized between
the beginning and the end of that period.

No expense will be recognized for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for equity-settled
transactions for which vesting is conditional upon a market or
non-vesting
 condition. These are treated as vested irrespective of whether the market or
non-vesting

condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

Where the terms of an equity-settled
transaction award are modified, the minimum expense recognized is the expense as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. An additional expense is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair
value of the share-based payment transaction, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

Where an
equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it fully vests on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized immediately. This includes any award where

non-vesting
 conditions within the control of either the entity or the employee are not met. However, if a new award substitutes for the cancelled award and is designated as a replacement award on the date that
it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award.

(23)   Revenue Recognition

2017

Revenue is
recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue can be reliably measured. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. The specific criteria
described below must also be met before revenue is recognized.

F-40

Table of Contents

Sales revenue

The Company manufactures semiconductors for creditworthy customers based on their design specifications, pursuant to manufacturing agreements
and/or purchase orders at contractual prices. The Company ships wafers mainly under the trade term, Free Carrier (FCA), through which the title and risk of loss for the wafers are transferred to the customers upon delivery to carriers approved by
the customers. Sales revenue is recognized at this point, having also fulfilled all of the following criteria pursuant to IAS 18, paragraph 14:

a.   the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the customer;

b.   neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control
over the goods sold have been retained;

c.   the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;

d.   it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and

e.   the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.

Sales revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of sales returns and
discounts, which are estimated based on customer complaints, historical experience and other known factors. Sales returns and discounts are recorded in the same period in which sales are made.

2018 and 2019

Revenue
from Contracts with Customers

The Company recognizes revenue from contracts with customers by applying the following steps of IFRS 15
“Revenue from Contracts with Customers”:

a.   identify the contract with a customer;

b.   identify the performance obligations in the contract;

c.   determine the transaction price;

d.   allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

e.   recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies its performance obligations.

F-41

Table of Contents

Revenues on the Company’s contracts with customers for the sales of wafers and joint
technology development are recognized as the Company satisfies its performance obligations to customers upon transfer of control of promised goods and services. The Company recognizes revenue at transaction price that are determined using
contractual prices reduced by sales returns and allowances which the Company estimates based on historical experience having determined that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized are not probable to occur. The Company
recognizes refund liabilities for estimated sales return and allowances based on the customer complaints, historical experience, and other known factors.

The Company recognizes accounts receivable when the Company transfers control of the goods or services to customers and has a right to an
amount of consideration that is unconditional. Such accounts receivable are short term and do not contain a significant financing component. For certain contracts that do not provide the Company unconditional rights to the consideration, and the
transfer of control of the goods or services has been satisfied, the Company recognizes contract assets and revenues.

Consideration
received from customers prior to the Company having satisfied its performance obligations are accounted for as contract liabilities which are transferred to revenue after the performance obligations are satisfied. The Company recognizes costs to
fulfill a contract when the costs relate directly to the contract, generate or enhance resources to be used to satisfy performance obligations in the future, and are expected to be recovered. The costs and revenues are recognized when the Company
satisfies its performance obligations to customers upon transfer of control of promised goods and services.

Interest income

2017

For financial assets
measured at amortized cost (including
held-to-maturity
 financial assets) and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, interest income is recorded using the
effective interest method and recognized in profit or loss.

F-42

Table of Contents

2018 and 2019

For financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income is
recorded using the effective interest method and recognized in profit or loss.

Dividends

Revenue is recognized when the Company’s right to receive the dividends is established, which is generally when stockholders approve the
dividend.

(24)   Income Tax

Income tax expense (benefit) is the aggregate amount of current income tax and deferred income tax included in the determination of profit or
loss for the period.

Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period and prior periods are measured using the tax rates and tax laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Current income tax relating to items recognized directly in other comprehensive income or equity is recognized in other comprehensive income or equity rather than profit or loss.

Undistributed earnings, calculated based on Business Entity Accounting Act are subject to a tax in accordance with the Income Tax Law of
the R.O.C. Accordingly, the undistributed tax impact is provided in the period the income is earned, assuming that no earnings are distributed. Any reduction in the liability will be recognized when the income is distributed upon the
stockholders’ approval in the subsequent year. Tax on undistributed earnings may be offset by the Company’s available tax credits carried forward, where applicable. As such, the incremental tax accrued on undistributed earnings may be
offset by a corresponding reduction in deferred income tax assets, where applicable.

Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is determined using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
carrying amounts in financial statements at the reporting date.

F-43

Table of Contents

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

a.   When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in
a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;

b.   In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits, to
the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the carryforward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilized, except:

a.   Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;

b.   In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be
utilized.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when
the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would
follow the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is not recognized in profit
or loss but rather in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Deferred tax assets are reassessed and recognized at each reporting date. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognized to the extent
that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and
liabilities offset each other, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities, and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

F-44

Table of Contents

Tax benefits acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for
separate recognition at the acquisition date, might be realized and recognized subsequently as follows:

a.   Acquired deferred tax benefits recognized within the measurement period that result from new information about
facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date shall be applied to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill related to that acquisition. If the carrying amount of that goodwill is nil, any remaining deferred tax benefits shall be
recognized in profit or loss;

b.   All other acquired deferred tax benefits realized shall be recognized in profit or loss, other comprehensive
income or equity.

The Company has considered whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept the uncertain
tax treatments used in its income tax filings. If the Company concludes that it is probable that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the Company determines the taxable profit, tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax
credits or tax rates consistently with the tax treatments used or planned to be used in its income tax filings. If it is not probable that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the Company makes estimates using either the
most likely amount or the expected value of the tax treatment, depending on which method the Company expects to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty. The Company reassesses a judgement or estimate if the facts and circumstance change.

(25)   Earnings per Share

Earnings per share is computed according to IAS 33 “Earnings per Share”. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the current reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by taking basic earnings per share into consideration plus additional ordinary shares that would have been
outstanding if the dilutive share equivalents had been issued. Net income is also adjusted for interest and other income or expenses derived from any underlying dilutive share equivalents. The weighted-average of outstanding shares is adjusted
retroactively for stock dividends and employee stock compensation issues.

F-45

Table of Contents

5.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities, the accompanying disclosures and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. However, uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a
material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.

The key assumptions concerning the future
and other key sources of estimating uncertainty at the reporting date that would have a significant risk for a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities within the next fiscal year are discussed below.

The Company bases its assumptions and estimates on information available when the consolidated financial statements were prepared. Existing
circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

(1)   The Fair Value of Level 3 Financial Instruments

Where the fair values of the Level 3 financial assets recorded on the balance sheet cannot be derived from active markets, they are
determined by the application of an appropriate valuation method which was mainly the market approach. The valuation of these financial assets involves significant judgment in the selection of comparable companies or equity transaction prices and
the application of assumptions such as discounts for lack of marketability and valuation multiples, etc. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of the financial assets. Please refer to Note 11 for more
details.

(2)   Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value item by item. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Please refer to Note 6(4). Costs of completion include direct labor and overhead, including depreciation and maintenance of
production equipment, indirect labor costs, indirect material costs, supplies, utilities and royalties that is expected to be incurred at normal production level. The Company estimates normal production level taking into account loss of capacity
resulting from planned maintenance, based on historical experience and current production capacity.

F-46

Table of Contents

(3)   Post-Employment Benefits

Defined benefit costs and the present value of the defined benefit obligation for a pension plan are determined using the projected unit credit
method. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions, which include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increase rate, mortality rate, etc., and may differ from actual developments in the future. In determining the
appropriate discount rate, management considers the interest rates of the government bonds extrapolated from maturity corresponding to the expected duration of the defined benefit obligation. As for the rate of future salary increase, management
takes account of past experiences, comparisons within the industry and the geographical region, inflation and the discount rate. Due to the complexity of the actuarial valuation and its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly
sensitive to changes in these assumptions. The assumptions used are disclosed in Note 6(13).

(4)   Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment

At each reporting date or whenever events indicate that the asset’s value has declined or significant changes in the market with an
adverse effect have taken place, the Company assesses whether there is an indication that an asset in the scope of IAS 36 may be impaired. If any indication exists, the Company completes impairment testing for the CGU to which the individual assets
belong. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an individual asset or CGU is the higher of fair value
less costs of disposal and its value in use. The fair value less costs of disposal is based on best information available to reflect the amount that an entity could obtain from the disposal of the asset in an orderly transaction between market
participants, after deducting the costs of disposal. The value in use is measured at the net present value of the future cash flows the entity expects to derive from the asset or CGU. Cash flow projection involves subjective judgments and estimates
which include the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, capacity that generates future cash flows, capacity of physical output, potential fluctuations of economic cycle in the industry and the Company’s operating situation.

F-47

Table of Contents

(5)   Income Tax

Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of complex tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing of future
taxable income. The Company establishes provisions, based on reasonable estimates, for possible consequences of audits by the tax authorities of the respective countries in which it operates. The amount of such provisions is based on various
factors, such as experience of previous tax audits and different interpretations of tax regulations made by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority. Such differences of interpretation may arise on a wide variety of issues depending on
the conditions prevailing in the respective domicile of the Company.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all carryforward of unused tax
losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available or there are sufficient taxable temporary differences against which the unused tax losses, unused tax credits or
deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The amount of deferred tax assets determined to be recognized is based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits and taxable temporary differences. Please refer to Note 6(23) for
more details on unrecognized deferred tax assets.

6.   CONTENTS OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTS

(1)   Cash and Cash Equivalents

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Cash on hand and petty cash   $   6,091   $   6,074
Checking and savings accounts   25,021,265   26,384,925
Time deposits   49,139,549   59,966,481
Repurchase agreements collateralized by government bonds and corporate notes   9,494,834   9,134,997
Total   $   83,661,739   $   95,492,477

F-48

Table of Contents

(2)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss
Common stocks   $   6,814,915   $   8,381,085
Preferred stocks   2,998,228   3,299,419
Funds   2,030,688   2,195,524
Convertible Bonds   236,905   145,445
Forward contracts   3,561   —
Option   —   —
Total   $   12,084,297   $   14,021,473
Current   $   528,450   $   722,794
Noncurrent   11,555,847   13,298,679
Total   $   12,084,297   $   14,021,473

The Company had a call option of a joint venture agreement between FUJITSU SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED (FSL) and
UMC, which was measured at fair value and the change in the fair value was recorded in profit or loss. On June 29, 2018, the Board of Directors of UMC resolved to exercise the call option and completed the acquisition on October 1, 2019.
Please refer to Note 6(26).

(3)   Accounts Receivable, Net

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Accounts receivable   $   23,784,141   $   26,136,293
Less: loss allowance   (48,152   )   (621,410   )
Net   $   23,735,989   $   25,514,883

F-49

Table of Contents

Aging analysis of accounts receivable, net:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Neither past due nor impaired   $   18,271,304   $   21,924,797
Past due but not impaired:
£ 30 days   3,407,690   2,364,311
31 to 60 days   739,054   204,791
61 to 90 days   545,366   85,131
91 to 120 days   365,007   138,788
³ 121 days   407,568   797,065
Subtotal   5,464,685   3,590,086
Total   $   23,735,989   $   25,514,883

Movement of loss allowance for accounts receivable:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Beginning balance   $   39,578   $   48,152
Net charge for the period   8,574   573,258
Ending balance   $   48,152   $   621,410

The collection periods for third party domestic sales and third party overseas sales were
month-end
 30~60 days and net 30~60 days, respectively.

An impairment analysis is performed at each
reporting date to measure expected credit losses (ECLs) of accounts receivable. For receivable past due within 60 days, including not past due, the Company estimates a provision rate to calculate ECLs. A provision rate is determined based on the
Company’s historical credit loss experience and customers’ current financial condition, adjusted for forward-looking factors, such as customers’ economic environment. For the receivable past due over 60 days, the Company applies the
aforementioned provision rate and also individually assesses whether to recognize additional expected credit losses by considering customer’s operating situation and debt-paying ability.

F-50

Table of Contents

(4)   Inventories, Net

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Raw materials   $   3,766,056   $   5,102,571
Supplies and spare parts   3,133,737   3,548,376
Work in process   10,034,488   11,309,718
Finished goods   1,268,838   1,754,137
Total   $   18,203,119   $   21,714,802

a.   For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, the Company recognized NT$118,252 million,
NT$123,795 million and NT$122,999 million, respectively, in operating costs, of which NT$2,256 million, NT$1,698 million and NT$820 million in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, were related to write-down of inventories.

b.   None of the aforementioned inventories were pledged.

(5)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income, Non-Current

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Equity instruments
Common stocks   $   11,401,451   $   14,547,738
Preferred stocks   184,026   175,494
Total   $   11,585,477   $   14,723,232

F-51

Table of Contents

The fair value of each investment in equity instrument to be measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income is as follows:

As of December 31,
Type of securities   Name of securities   2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Common stock   SILICON INTEGRATED SYSTEMS CORP.   1,032,930   961,898
Common stock   UNIMICRON HOLDING LIMITED   561,261   795,795
Common stock   MIE FUJITSU SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED   2,220,103   —
Common stock   UNIMICRON TECHNOLOGY CORP.   4,373,833   8,237,712
Common stock   ITE TECH. INC.   424,383   616,333
Common stock   NOVATEK MICROELECTRONICS CORP.   2,335,131   3,601,365
Common stock   SHIN-ETSU HANDOTAI TAIWAN CO., LTD.   453,810   334,635
Preferred stock   MTIC HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.   184,026   175,494

a.   These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are accounted
for as fair value through other comprehensive income.

b.   Amounts recognized in profit or loss and other comprehensive income in relation to the financial assets at fair
value through other comprehensive income are listed below:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Dividend income recognized in profit or loss
Held at end of period   $   268,406   $   365,052
Derecognized during the period   —   —
Total   $   268,406   $   365,052

F-52

Table of Contents

c.   In consideration of the Company’s investment strategy, the Company disposed and derecognized partial
equity instrument investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Details on derecognition of such investments for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follow:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Fair value on the date of sale   $   —   $   2,348,454
Cumulative gains (losses) reclassified to retained earnings due to derecognition   $   —   $   (551,903   )

(6)   Investments Accounted For Under the Equity Method

a.   Details of investments accounted for under the equity method are as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
Investee companies   Amount   Percentage of ownership or voting rights   Amount   Percentage of ownership or voting rights
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Listed companies
CLIENTRON CORP.   $   249,663   22.39   $   276,515   21.90
FARADAY TECHNOLOGY CORP. (FARADAY) (Note A)   1,483,111   13.78   1,473,028   13.78
Unlisted companies
MTIC HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.   3,026   45.44   18,157   45.44
WINAICO IMMOBILIEN GMBH (Note B)   —   44.78   —   44.78
PURIUMFIL INC.   —   —   7,164   44.45
UNITECH CAPITAL INC.   568,005   42.00   642,660   42.00
TRIKNIGHT CAPITAL CORPORATION   1,520,575   40.00   2,281,631   40.00
HSUN CHIEH INVESTMENT CO., LTD.   1,608,551   36.49   1,686,502   36.49
YANN YUAN INVESTMENT CO., LTD.   2,032,013   30.87   2,761,821   30.87
HSUN CHIEH CAPITAL CORP.   161,319   30.00   122,060   30.00
VSENSE CO., LTD.   31,544   26.89   592   25.90
UNITED LED CORPORATION HONG KONG LIMITED   167,953   25.14   121,973   25.14
TRANSLINK CAPITAL PARTNERS I, L.P. (Note C)   120,440   10.38   172,414   10.38
WINAICO SOLAR PROJEKT 1 GMBH (Note B)   —   50.00   —   —
YUNG LI INVESTMENTS, INC.   2,213   45.16   —   —
Total   $   7,948,413   $   9,564,517

F-53

Table of Contents

Note A:   Beginning from June 2015, the Company accounts for its investment in FARADAY as an associate given the fact
that the Company obtained the ability to exercise significant influence over FARADAY through representation on its Board of Directors.

Note B:   WINAICO SOLAR PROJEKT 1 GMBH and WINAICO IMMOBILIEN GMBH are joint ventures to the Company.

Note C:   The Company follows international accounting practices in equity accounting for limited partnerships and uses
the equity method to account for these investees.

The carrying amount of investments accounted for using the equity
method for which there are published price quotations amounted to NT$1,733 million and NT$1,750 million, as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The fair value of these investments were NT$1,621 million and
NT$2,244 million, as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

None of the aforementioned associates and joint ventures were
pledged.

F-54

Table of Contents

b.   Financial information of associates and joint ventures:

There is no individually significant associate or joint venture for the Company. For individually immaterial associates and joint ventures,
the following tables summarize the amount recognized by the Company at its share of those associates and joint ventures separately. When an associate or a joint venture is a foreign operation, and the functional currency of the foreign entity is
different from the Company, an exchange difference arising from translation of the foreign entity will be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Such exchange differences recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) in the financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were NT$45 million, NT$(16) million and NT$(9) million, respectively, which were not included in the following table.

i.   The aggregate amount of the Company’s share of all its individually immaterial associates that are
accounted for using the equity method was as follows:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Profit (loss) from continuing operations   $   77,589   $   (616,665   )   $   115,329
Post-tax profit from discontinued operations   80,248   —   —
Other comprehensive income (loss)   526,773   (82,871   )   873,308
Total comprehensive income (loss)   $   684,610   $   (699,536   )   $   988,637

ii.   The aggregate amount of the Company’s share of all its individually immaterial joint ventures that are
accounted for using the equity method were all nil for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

F-55

Table of Contents

(7)   Property, Plant and Equipment

2018

Cost:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Transportation equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Leasehold improvement   Construction in progress and equipment awaiting inspection   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2018   $   1,314,402   $   38,073,660   $   826,268,919   $   75,782   $   7,675,798   $   52,557   $   20,761,439   $   894,222,557
Additions   —   —   —   —   —   —   17,579,689   17,579,689
Disposals   —   (64,878   )   (2,330,437   )   (18,363   )   (40,199   )   —   —   (2,453,877   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   (224,895   )   —   (6,515   )   (2,226   )   —   (233,636   )
Transfers and reclassifications   —   375,854   27,447,023   8,884   433,665   2,049   (27,693,591   )   573,884
Exchange effect   —   (78,334   )   2,527,895   52   (5,848   )   1,069   (96,774   )   2,348,060
As of December 31, 2018   $   1,314,402   $   38,306,302   $   853,688,505   $   66,355   $   8,056,901   $   53,449   $   10,550,763   $   912,036,677

Accumulated Depreciation and Impairment:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Transportation equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Leasehold improvement   Construction in progress and equipment awaiting inspection   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2018   $   —   $   16,960,853   $   665,771,857   $   57,031   $   5,636,982   $   48,204   $   5,949   $   688,480,876
Depreciation   —   1,535,409   47,871,174   6,080   533,628   2,298   —   49,948,589
Disposals   —   (57,812   )   (2,286,359   )   (17,963   )   (25,467   )   —   —   (2,387,601   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   (180,843   )   —   (5,264   )   (2,014   )   —   (188,121   )
Transfers and reclassifications   —   297   (3,164   )   —   2,867   —   —   —
Exchange effect   —   26,497   3,302,523   286   5,941   1,092   —   3,336,339
As of December 31, 2018   $   —   $   18,465,244   $   714,475,188   $   45,434   $   6,148,687   $   49,580   $   5,949   $   739,190,082
Net carrying amount:
As of December 31, 2018   $   1,314,402   $   19,841,058   $   139,213,317   $   20,921   $   1,908,214   $   3,869   $   10,544,814   $   172,846,595

F-56

Table of Contents

2019

a.
Assets Used by the Company (Note):

Cost:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Transportation equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Leasehold improvement   Construction in progress and equipment awaiting inspection   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   861,487   $   35,681,733   $   853,481,220   $   66,355   $   6,736,916   $   53,449   $   10,550,763   $   907,431,923
Additions   —   —   —   —   —   —   14,579,988   14,579,988
Disposals   —   (4,637   )   (8,122,361   )   (3,563   )   (196,487   )   (6,180   )   (27,758   )   (8,360,986   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   (161,781   )   —   —   —   —   (161,781   )
Acquisition of a subsidiary   871,700   3,087,585   6,704,236   9   54,978   8,372   739,663   11,466,543
Transfers and reclassifications   —   211,285   20,723,346   3,557   285,891   11,712   (20,179,970   )   1,055,821
Exchange effect   (41,064   )   (538,378   )   (7,077,088   )   (449   )   (39,174   )   (1,470   )   (79,170   )   (7,776,793   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   1,692,123   $   38,437,588   $   865,547,572   $   65,909   $   6,842,124   $   65,883   $   5,583,516   $   918,234,715

Accumulated Depreciation and Impairment:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Transportation equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Leasehold improvement   Construction in progress and equipment awaiting inspection   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   —   $   17,549,256   $   714,286,307   $   45,434   $   5,112,684   $   49,580   $   5,949   $   737,049,210
Depreciation   —   1,542,864   44,307,925   6,105   488,216   2,441   —   46,347,551
Impairment loss   —   —   84,974   —   —   —   —   84,974
Disposals   —   (4,624   )   (8,105,713   )   (3,563   )   (195,766   )   (5,371   )   (5,949   )   (8,320,986   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   (127,455   )   —   —   —   —   (127,455   )
Transfers and reclassifications   —   —   66,682   —   (325   )   514   —   66,871
Exchange effect   —   (136,976   )   (4,789,755   )   (182   )   (21,375   )   (1,017   )   —   (4,949,305   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   —   $   18,950,520   $   745,722,965   $   47,794   $   5,383,434   $   46,147   $   —   $   770,150,860
Net carrying amount:
As of December 31, 2019   $   1,692,123   $   19,487,068   $   119,824,607   $   18,115   $   1,458,690   $   19,736   $   5,583,516   $   148,083,855

F-57

Table of Contents

b.
Assets Subject to Operating Leases (Note):

Cost:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   452,915   $   2,624,569   $   207,285   $   1,319,985   $   4,604,754
Disposals   —   (623   )   —   (317   )   (940   )
Acquisition of a subsidiary   7,051   24,024   —   —   31,075
Transfers and reclassifications   —   —   (81,872   )   3,213   (78,659   )
Exchange effect   (331   )   (10,699   )   —   (7,701   )   (18,731   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   459,635   $   2,637,271   $   125,413   $   1,315,180   $   4,537,499

Accumulated Depreciation and Impairment:

Land   Buildings   Machinery and equipment   Furniture and fixtures   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   —   $   915,988   $   188,881   $   1,036,003   $   2,140,872
Depreciation   —   106,250   3,827   70,708   180,785
Disposals   —   (334   )   —   (317   )   (651   )
Transfers and reclassifications   —   —   (67,295   )   10   (67,285   )
Exchange effect   —   (2,868   )   —   (3,595   )   (6,463   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   —   $   1,019,036   $   125,413   $   1,102,809   $   2,247,258
Net carrying amount:
As of December 31, 2019   $   459,635   $   1,618,235   $   —   $   212,371   $   2,290,241

Note:   The Company adopted IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16.

F-58

Table of Contents

In 2017 and 2018, the Company determined that the recoverable amounts based on the fair
value less costs of disposal were higher than the carrying amounts of the CGUs and therefore there was no impairment recognized.

In the
second quarter of 2019, the Company reclassified SOCIALNEX ITALIA 1 S.R.L (SOCIALNEX), a subsidiary, as a disposal group held for sale. As such, the Company performed an impairment test on the CGU composed of property, plant and equipment before
reclassifying the CGU as a single disposal group held for sale. The Company, determined the recoverable amount of the CGU based on the net selling price which was categorized to Level 3 and the impairment test revealed the recoverable amount of
the CGU to be less than its carrying amount. Thus, the Company recorded in the other operating income and expenses an impairment loss of NT$85 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, on the CGU to be disposed of from the new business
segment. The Company disposed SOCIALNEX in November 2019.

Please refer to Note 8 for property, plant and equipment pledged as collateral.

(8)   Leases

The Company leases various properties, such as land (including land use right), buildings, machinery and equipment, transportation equipment
and other equipment with lease terms of 1 to 30 years, except for the land use rights with lease term of 50 years. Most lease contracts of land located in R.O.C state that lease payments will be adjusted based on the announced land value. The
Company does not have purchase options of leased land at the end of the lease terms.

a.   The Company as a lessee

(a)   Right-of-use Assets

As of December 31, 2019
NT$
(In Thousands)
Land (including land use right)   $   5,700,136
Buildings   473,558
Machinery and equipment   2,092,924
Transportation equipment   12,019
Other equipment   12,880
Net   $   8,291,517

Note:   The Company adopted IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16.

F-59

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2019
NT$
Depreciation   (In Thousands)
Land (including land use right)   $   366,827
Buildings   87,572
Machinery and equipment   180,115
Transportation equipment   6,001
Other equipment   4,030
Total   $   644,545

i.   For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company’s addition to right-of-use assets amounted to NT$264 million.

ii.   Please refer to Note 8 for right-of-use assets pledged as collateral.

(b)   Lease Liabilities

As of December 31, 2019
NT$
(In Thousands)
Current   $   569,957
Noncurrent   5,461,068
Total   $   6,031,025

Note:   The Company adopted IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16.

F-60

Table of Contents

Please refer to Note 6(21) for the interest expenses on the lease liabilities.

b.   The Company as a lessor

The Company entered into leases on certain property, plant and equipment which are classified as operating leases as they did not transfer
substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying assets. The main contracts are to lease the dormitory to the employees with cancellation clauses. Please refer to Note 6(7) for relevant disclosure of property,
plant and equipment for operating leases under IFRS 16.

(9)   Intangible Assets

2018

Cost
:

Goodwill   Software   Patents and technology license fees   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2018   $   15,188   $   1,080,726   $   4,687,751   $   3,565,705   $   9,349,370
Additions   —   —   214,278   612,253   826,531
Write-off   —   (422,591   )   (179,418   )   (987,841   )   (1,589,850   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   (176   )   —   —   —   (176   )
Reclassifications   —   474,127   —   —   474,127
Exchange effect   —   (6,458   )   (210,982   )   (1   )   (217,441   )
As of December 31, 2018   $   15,012   $   1,125,804   $   4,511,629   $   3,190,116   $   8,842,561

F-61

Table of Contents

Accumulated Amortization and Impairment
:

Goodwill   Software   Patents and technology license fees   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2018   $   —   $   670,014   $   2,585,190   $   2,306,657   $   5,561,861
Amortization   —   357,624   468,296   1,086,882   1,912,802
Write-off   —   (422,591   )   (179,418   )   (987,841   )   (1,589,850   )
Exchange effect   —   (3,398   )   (30,657   )   (1   )   (34,056   )
As of December 31, 2018   $   —   $   601,649   $   2,843,411   $   2,405,697   $   5,850,757
Net carrying amount:
As of December 31, 2018   $   15,012   $   524,155   $   1,668,218   $   784,419   $   2,991,804

2019

Cost:

Goodwill   Software   Patents and technology license fees   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   15,012   $   1,125,804   $   4,511,629   $   3,190,116   $   8,842,561
Additions   —   1,666,599   806,915   851,679   3,325,193
Write-off   —   (383,745   )   (953,128   )   (638,815   )   (1,975,688   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   —   (93   )   (93   )
Acquisition of a subsidiary   —   964,903   198,181   155,670   1,318,754
Reclassifications   —   53,661   —   —   53,661
Exchange effect   —   (80,074   )   (380,092   )   (10,551   )   (470,717   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   15,012   $   3,347,148   $   4,183,505   $   3,548,006   $   11,093,671

Accumulated Amortization and Impairment
:

Goodwill   Software   Patents and technology license fees   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   —   $   601,649   $   2,843,411   $   2,405,697   $   5,850,757
Amortization   —   760,010   531,790   874,810   2,166,610
Impairment loss   7,398   —   —   —   7,398
Write-off   —   (383,745   )   (953,128   )   (638,815   )   (1,975,688   )
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   —   —   (93   )   (93   )
Reclassifications   —   414   —   —   414
Exchange effect   —   (27,152   )   (122,850   )   (3,972   )   (153,974   )
As of December 31, 2019   $   7,398   $   951,176   $   2,299,223   $   2,637,627   $   5,895,424
Net carrying amount:
As of December 31, 2019   $   7,614   $   2,395,972   $   1,884,282   $   910,379   $   5,198,247

F-62

Table of Contents

The amortization amounts of intangible assets are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Operating costs   $   758,050   $   827,596
Operating expenses   $   1,154,752   $   1,339,014

(10)   Short-Term Loans

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Unsecured bank loans   $   7,780,552   $   8,080,200
Unsecured other loans   5,323,256   3,935,006
Total   $   13,103,808   $   12,015,206

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
Interest rates applied   0.00%~4.35%   0.00%~4.55%   0.00%~4.55%

The Company’s unused short-term lines of credit amounted to NT$77,658 million and
NT$64,169 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

F-63

Table of Contents

(11)   Bonds Payable

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Unsecured domestic bonds payable   $   23,700,000   $   21,200,000
Unsecured convertible bonds payable   18,196,332   17,729,293
Less: Discounts on bonds payable   (518,150   )   (147,877   )
Total   41,378,182   38,781,416
Less: Current portion   (2,499,235   )   (20,093,825   )
Net   $   38,878,947   $   18,687,591

a.   UMC issued domestic unsecured corporate bonds. The terms and conditions of the bonds were as follows:

Term   Issuance date   Issued amount   Coupon rate   Repayment
Seven-year   In early June 2012   NT$2,500 million   1.63%   Interest was paid annually and the principal was fully repaid in June 2019.
Five-year   In mid-March 2013   NT$7,500 million   1.35%   Interest was paid annually and the principal was fully repaid in March 2018.
Seven-year   In mid-March 2013   NT$2,500 million   1.50%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in March 2020 upon maturity.
Seven-year   In mid-June 2014   NT$2,000 million   1.70%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in June 2021 upon maturity.
Ten-year   In mid-June 2014   NT$3,000 million   1.95%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in June 2024 upon maturity.
Five-year   In late March 2017   NT$6,200 million   1.15%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in March 2022 upon maturity.
Seven-year   In late March 2017   NT$2,100 million   1.43%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in March 2024 upon maturity.
Five-year   In early October 2017   NT$2,000 million   0.94%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in October 2022 upon maturity.
Seven-year   In early October 2017   NT$3,400 million   1.13%   Interest will be paid annually and the principal will be repayable in October 2024 upon maturity.

F-64

Table of Contents

b.   On May 18, 2015, UMC issued SGX-ST listed currency linked zero
coupon convertible bonds. The terms and conditions of the bonds were as follows:

i.   Issue Amount: US$600 million

ii.   Period: May 18, 2015 ~ May 18, 2020 (Maturity date)

iii.   Redemption:

(i)   UMC may redeem the bonds, in whole or in part, after 3 years of the issuance and prior to the maturity date, at
the principal amount of the bonds with an interest calculated at the rate of -0.25% per annum (the Early Redemption Amount) if the closing price of the ordinary shares of UMC on the TWSE, for a period of 20
out of 30 consecutive trading days, the last of which occurs not more than 5 days prior to the date upon which notice of such redemption is published, is at least 125% of the conversion price. The Early Redemption Price will be converted into NTD
based on the Fixed Exchange Rate (NTD 30.708=USD 1.00), and this fixed NTD amount will be converted using the prevailing rate at the time of redemption for payment in USD.

(ii)   UMC may redeem the bonds, in whole, but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount if at least 90% in
principal amount of the bonds has already been converted, redeemed or repurchased and cancelled.

(iii)   UMC may redeem all, but not part, of the bonds, at the Early Redemption Amount at any time, in the event of
certain changes in the R.O.C.’s tax rules which would require UMC to gross up for payments of principal, or to gross up for payments of interest or premium.

(iv)   All or any portion of the bonds will be redeemable at Early Redemption Amount at the option of bondholders on
May 18, 2018 at 99.25% of the principal amount.

(v)   Bondholders have the right to require UMC to redeem all of the bonds at the Early Redemption Amount if
UMC’s ordinary shares cease to be listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.

F-65

Table of Contents

(vi)   In the event that a change of control as defined in the indenture of the bonds occurs to UMC, the bondholders
shall have the right to require UMC to redeem the bonds, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount.

iv.   Terms of Conversion:

(i)   Underlying Securities: Ordinary shares of UMC

(ii)   Conversion Period: The bonds are convertible at any time on or after June 28, 2015 and prior to May 8, 2020,
into UMC ordinary shares; provided, however, that if the exercise date falls within 5 business days from the beginning of, and during, any closed period, the right of the converting holder of the bonds to vote with respect to the shares it receives
will be subject to certain restrictions.

(iii)   Conversion Price and Adjustment: The conversion price was originally NT$17.50 per share. The conversion price
will be subject to adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events set out in the indenture. The conversion price was NT$14.2179 per share on December 31, 2019.

v.   Redemption on the Maturity Date: On the maturity date, UMC will redeem the bonds at 98.76% of the principal
amount unless, prior to such date:

(i)   UMC shall have redeemed the bonds at the option of UMC, or the bonds shall have been redeemed at option of the
bondholder;

(ii)   The bondholders shall have exercised the conversion right before maturity; or

(iii)   The bonds shall have been redeemed or repurchased by UMC and cancelled.

In accordance with IAS 32 “Financial Instruments: Presentation”, the value of the conversion right of the convertible bonds was
determined at issuance and recognized in additional
paid-in
 capital-stock options amounting to NT$1,894 million, after reduction of issuance costs amounting to NT$9 million. The effective interest
rate on the liability component of the convertible bonds was determined to be 2.03%.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, certain
bondholders had converted the outstanding principal amount of the convertible bonds totaling US$15 million into 33 million shares, of which capital increase share registration procedures have not been completed and were classified as
capital collected in advance.

F-66

Table of Contents

(12)   Long-Term Loans

a.   Details of long-term loans as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:

As of December 31,
Lenders   2018   2019   Redemption
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Secured Long-Term Loan from Mega International Commercial Bank (1)   $   6,013   $   3,827   Effective July 3, 2017 to July 5, 2021. Interest-only payment for the first year.
Principal is repaid in 17 quarterly payments with monthly interest payments.
Secured Long-Term Loan from Mega International Commercial Bank (2)   —   10,380   Effective October 24, 2019 to October 24, 2024. Interest-only payment for the first
year. Principal is repaid in 17 quarterly payments with monthly interest payments.
Secured Long-Term Loan from Taiwan Cooperative Bank (1)   3,006   1,288   Effective August 10, 2015 to August 10, 2020. Interest-only payment for the first year.
Principal is repaid in 17 quarterly payments with monthly interest payments.
Secured Long-Term Loan from Taiwan Cooperative Bank (2)   83,243   71,351   Effective October 19, 2015 to October 19, 2025. Interest-only payment for the first
year. Principal is repaid in 37 quarterly payments with monthly interest payments.
Secured Long-Term Loan from Taiwan Cooperative Bank (3)   —   29,896   Repayable monthly from May 31, 2019 to May 31, 2023 with monthly interest
payments.
Secured Syndicated Loans from China Development Bank and 6 others   28,987,895   26,892,457   Effective October 20, 2016 to October 20, 2024. Interest-only payment for the first and
the second year. Principal is repaid in 13 semi-annual payments with semi-annual interest payments.
Unsecured Syndicated Loans from Bank of Taiwan and 7 others   747,900   —   Repayable semi-annually from February 6, 2017 to February 6, 2020 with monthly interest
payments.
Unsecured Long-Term Loan from Bank of Taiwan   1,000,000   —   Repayable quarterly from March 23, 2019 to December 23, 2021 with monthly interest
payments.
Unsecured Long-Term Loan from CTBC Bank   —   747,900   Effective January 10, 2019 to September 30, 2021. Interest-only payment for the first
and nine months. Principal is repaid in full at the end of the term with monthly interest payments.
Unsecured Long-Term Loan from ICBC Bank   —   1,744,975   Repayable semi-annually from March 10, 2020 to September 9, 2021 with quarterly interest
payments.
Unsecured Revolving Loan from Mega International Commercial Bank (Note A)   —   2,000,000   Repayable semi-annually from October 16, 2020 to April 16, 2022 with monthly interest
payments.
Unsecured Revolving Loan from Chang Hwa Commercial Bank (Note B)   —   2,400,000   Repayable quarterly from January 26, 2021 to October 26, 2022 with monthly interest
payments.
Subtotal   30,828,057   33,902,074
Less: Administrative expenses from syndicated loans   (1,842   )   —
Less: Current portion   (2,622,161   )   (4,701,775   )
Total   $   28,204,054   $   29,200,299

F-67

Table of Contents

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
Interest rates applied   0.99%~4.66%   0.99%~5.56%   0.55%~5.56%

Note A:   UMC entered into a 5-year loan agreement with Mega International
Commercial Bank, effective from October 17, 2016. The agreement offered UMC a revolving line of credit of NT$3 billion. This line of credit will be reduced starting from the end of the two years and six months after the first use and every six
months thereafter, with a total of six adjustments. The expiration date of the agreement is April 16, 2022. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the unused line of credit were NT$3 billion and NT$0.5 billion, respectively.

Note B:   UMC entered into a 5-year loan agreement with Chang Hwa Commercial
Bank, effective from November 2, 2016. The agreement offered UMC a revolving line of credit of NT$3 billion. This line of credit will be reduced starting from the end of the third year after the first use and every three months thereafter,
with a total of nine adjustments. The expiration date of the agreement is October 27, 2022. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the unused line of credit were NT$3 billion and NT$0.6 billion, respectively.

F-68

Table of Contents

b.   Please refer to Note 8 for property, plant and equipment pledged as collateral for long- term loans.

c.   In 2014, UMC resolved to provide endorsement for NEXPOWER’s syndicated loan from banks including Bank of
Taiwan. The maximum balance for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were both NT$2,448 million. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the actual amount provided were both NT$748 million.

d.   In 2016, HJ resolved to provide endorsement for USCXM’s syndicated loan from banks including China
Development Bank. The maximum balance for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were NT$9,021 million and NT$8,832 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the actual amount provided were
NT$4,219 million and NT$3,914 million, respectively.

e.   In 2017, UMC resolved to provide endorsement for USCXM’s syndicated loan from banks including China
Development Bank. The maximum balance for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were US$503 million and US$464 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the actual amount provided were NT$14,766 million
and $13,696 million, respectively.

(13)   Post-Employment Benefits

a.   Defined contribution plan

The employee pension plan under the Labor Pension Act of the R.O.C. is a defined contribution plan. Pursuant to the plan, UMC and its domestic
subsidiaries make monthly contributions of 6% based on each individual employee’s salary or wage to employees’ pension accounts. Pension benefits for employees of the Singapore branch and subsidiaries overseas are provided in accordance
with the local regulations. Total pension expenses of NT$1,256 million, NT$1,339 million and NT$1,369 million are contributed by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

F-69

Table of Contents

b.   Defined benefit plan

The employee pension plan mandated by the Labor Standards Act of the R.O.C. is a defined benefit plan. The pension benefits are disbursed
based on the units of service years and average monthly salary prior to retirement according to the Labor Standards Act. Two units per year are awarded for the first 15 years of services while one unit per year is awarded after the completion of the
15th year and the total units will not exceed 45 units. The Company contributes an amount equivalent to 2% of the employees’ total salaries and wages on a monthly basis to the pension fund deposited with the Bank of Taiwan under the name of a
pension fund supervisory committee. The pension fund is managed by the government’s designated authorities and therefore is not included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018
and 2019, total pension expenses of NT$80 million, NT$69 million and NT$59 million, respectively, were recognized by the Company.

i.   Movements in present value of defined benefit obligation during the year:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Defined benefit obligation at beginning of year   $   (5,671,058   )   $   (5,620,509   )
Items recognized as profit or loss:
Service cost   (24,477   )   (21,043   )
Interest cost   (61,247   )   (51,146   )
Subtotal   (85,724   )   (72,189   )
Remeasurements recognized in other comprehensive income (loss):
Arising from changes in financial assumptions   (91,350   )   (114,976   )
Experience adjustments   (5,907   )   180,095
Subtotal   (97,257   )   65,119
Benefits paid   233,530   216,510
Defined benefit obligation at end of year   $   (5,620,509   )   $   (5,411,069   )

F-70

Table of Contents

ii.   Movements in fair value of plan assets during the year:

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Beginning balance of fair value of plan assets   $   1,532,539   $   1,453,335
Items recognized as profit or loss:
Interest income on plan assets   16,552   13,225
Contribution by employer   95,577   94,362
Benefits paid   (233,530   )   (216,510   )
Remeasurements recognized in other comprehensive income (loss):
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest income   42,197   41,284
Fair value of plan assets at end of year   $   1,453,335   $   1,385,696

The actual returns on plan assets of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were
NT$59 million and NT$55 million, respectively.

iii.   The defined benefit plan recognized on the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Present value of the defined benefit obligation   $   (5,620,509   )   $   (5,411,069   )
Fair value of plan assets   1,453,335   1,385,696
Funded status   (4,167,174   )   (4,025,373   )
Net defined benefit liabilities, noncurrent recognized on the consolidated balance sheets   $   (4,167,174   )   $   (4,025,373   )

iv.   The major categories of plan assets as a percentage of the fair value of the total plan assets are as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
Cash   17   %   21   %
Equity instruments   51   %   45   %
Debt instruments   24   %   24   %
Others   8   %   10   %

F-71

Table of Contents

Employee pension fund is deposited under a trust administered by the Bank of Taiwan. The
overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on historical trend and actuaries’ expectations on the assets’ returns in the market over the obligation period. Furthermore, the utilization of the fund is determined by the
labor pension fund supervisory committee, which also guarantees the minimum earnings to be no less than the earnings attainable from interest rates offered by local banks for
two-year
 time deposits.

v.   The principal underlying actuarial assumptions are as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
Discount rate   0.91   %   0.67   %
Rate of future salary increase   3.50   %   3.50   %

vi.   Expected future benefit payments are as follows:

Year   As of December 31, 2019
NT$ (In Thousands)
2020   $   230,468
2021   252,969
2022   298,483
2023   328,958
2024   377,022
2025 and thereafter   4,263,427
Total   $   5,751,327

The Company expects to make pension fund contribution of NT$93 million in 2020. The weighted-average
durations of the defined benefit obligation are 10 years and 9 years as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

F-72

Table of Contents

vii.   Sensitivity analysis:

As of December 31, 2018
Discount rate   Rate of future salary increase
0.5% increase   0.5% decrease   0.5% increase   0.5% decrease
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Decrease (increase) in defined benefit obligation   $   262,909   $   (281,037   )   $   (244,120   )   $   231,751

As of December 31, 2019
Discount rate   Rate of future salary increase
0.5% increase   0.5% decrease   0.5% increase   0.5% decrease
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Decrease (increase) in defined benefit obligation   $   235,666   $   (251,131   )   $   (215,694   )   $   205,388

The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the net
defined benefit obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period.

(14)   Deferred Government Grants

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Beginning balance   $   14,595,546   $   17,480,904
Arising during the period   7,129,770   617,685
Recorded in profit or loss:
Other operating income   (3,885,722   )   (4,062,148   )
Exchange effect   (358,690   )   (484,888   )
Ending balance   $   17,480,904   $   13,551,553
Current   $   3,832,124   $   3,780,579
Noncurrent   13,648,780   9,770,974
Total   $   17,480,904   $   13,551,553

F-73

Table of Contents

The significant government grants related to equipment acquisitions received by the Company
are amortized as income over the useful lives of related equipment, and recorded in the net other operating income and expenses.

(15)   Refund Liabilities (classified under other current liabilities)

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$ (In Thousands)   NT$ (In Thousands)
Refund liabilities   $   1,213,476   $   2,078,075

(16)   Equity

a.   Capital stock:

i.   UMC had 26,000 million common shares authorized to be issued as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, of
which 12,424 million shares and 11,724 million shares were issued as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, each at a par value of NT$10.

ii.   UMC had 143 million and 138 million ADSs, which were traded on the NYSE as of December 31, 2018
and 2019, respectively. The total number of common shares of UMC represented by all issued ADSs were 717 million shares and 692 million shares as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. One ADS represents five common shares.

iii.   On August 27, 2018, UMC cancelled 200 million shares of treasury stock, which were repurchased during
the period from March 12 to May 4, 2018 for the purpose of maintaining UMC’s credit and its stockholders’ rights and interests.

iv.   On March 11, 2019, UMC cancelled 300 million shares of treasury stock, which were repurchased during the
period from November 7, 2018 to January 4, 2019 for the purpose of maintaining UMC’s credit and its stockholders’ rights and interests.

v.   On June 28, 2019, UMC cancelled 400 million shares of treasury stock, which were repurchased during the
period from May 13 to June 13, 2016 for the purpose of transferring to employees, and repurchased during the period from April 26 to June 13, 2019 for the purpose of maintaining UMC’s credit and its stockholders’ rights
and interests.

F-74

Table of Contents

vi.   Please refer to Note 6(11) for the Company’s conversion of overseas unsecured convertible bonds into
ordinary shares of UMC for the year ended December 31, 2019.

b.   Treasury stock:

i.   UMC carried out a treasury stock program and repurchased its shares from the centralized securities exchange
market. The purpose for the repurchase and changes in treasury stock during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2018

(In thousands of shares)

Purpose   As of January 1, 2018   Increase   Decrease   As of December 31, 2018
For transfer to employees   400,000   —   200,000   200,000
To maintain UMC’s credit and its stockholders’ rights and interests   —   480,000   200,000   280,000
400,000   480,000   400,000   480,000

For the year ended December 31, 2019

(In thousands of shares)

Purpose   As of January 1, 2019   Increase   Decrease   As of December 31, 2019
For transfer to employees   200,000   —   200,000   —
To maintain UMC’s credit and its stockholders’ rights and interests   280,000   220,000   500,000   —
480,000   220,000   700,000   —

F-75

Table of Contents

ii.   According to the Securities and Exchange Law of the R.O.C., the total shares of treasury stock shall not exceed
10% of UMC’s issued stock, and the total purchase amount shall not exceed the sum of the retained earnings, additional paid-in capital-premiums and realized additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the treasury stock held by UMC did not exceed the threshold.

iii.   In compliance with Securities and Exchange Law of the R.O.C., treasury stock held by the parent company should
not be pledged, nor should it be entitled to voting rights or receiving dividends. Stock held by subsidiaries and associates is treated as treasury stock. According to the Company Act of R.O.C., these subsidiaries have the same rights as other
stockholders except for subscription to new stock issuance and voting rights.

iv.   As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, UMC’s subsidiary, FORTUNE VENTURE CAPITAL CORP. (FORTUNE), held
16 million shares of UMC’s stock, while UMC’s associate, HSUN CHIEH INVESTMENT CO., LTD. (HSUN CHIEH), held 441 million shares of UMC’s stock and UMC’s associate, YANN YUAN INVESTMENT CO., LTD. (YANN YUAN), respectively
held 172 million shares and 200 million shares of UMC’s stock. HSUN CHIEH measured UMC’s stock as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss while FORTUNE and YANN YUAN measured UMC’s stock as financial assets at
fair value through other comprehensive income. The closing prices of UMC’s stock on December 31, 2018 and 2019 were NT$11.25 and NT$16.45, respectively.

F-76

Table of Contents

c.   Retained earnings and dividend policies:

According to UMC’s Articles of Incorporation, current year’s earnings, if any, shall be distributed in the following order :

i.   Payment of taxes.

ii.   Making up loss for preceding years.

iii.   Setting aside 10% for legal reserve, except for when accumulated legal reserve has reached UMC’s paid-in capital.

iv.   Appropriating or reversing special reserve by government officials or other regulations.

v.   The remaining, plus the previous year’s unappropriated earnings, shall be distributed according to the
distribution plan proposed by the Board of Directors according to the dividend policy and submitted to the stockholders’ meeting for approval.

Because UMC conducts business in a capital intensive industry and continues to operate in its growth phase, the dividend policy of UMC shall
be determined pursuant to factors such as the investment environment, its funding requirements, domestic and overseas competitive landscape and its capital expenditure forecast, as well as stockholders’ interest, balancing dividends and
UMC’s long-term financial planning. The Board of Directors shall propose the distribution plan and submit it to the stockholders’ meeting every year. The distribution of stockholders’ dividend shall be allocated as cash dividend in
the range of 20% to 100%, and stock dividend in the range of 0% to 80%.

According to the regulations of Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Commission (FSC), UMC is required to appropriate a special reserve in the amount equal to the sum of debit elements under equity, such as unrealized loss on financial instruments and debit balance of exchange differences on translation of foreign
operations, at every
year-end.
 Such special reserve is prohibited from distribution. However, if any of the debit elements is reversed, the special reserve in the amount equal to the reversal may be released
for earnings distribution or offsetting accumulated deficits.

The distribution of earnings for 2018 was approved by the
stockholders’ meeting held on June 12, 2019, while the distribution of earnings for 2019 was approved by the Board of Directors’ meeting on April 27, 2020. The details of distribution are as follows:

Appropriation of earnings (in thousand NT dollars)   Cash dividend per share (NT dollars)
2018   2019   2018   2019
Legal reserve   $   707,299   $   963,947
Special reserve   14,513,940   (3,491,626   )
Cash dividends   6,916,105   9,765,155   $   0.58   $   0.75

F-77

Table of Contents

The aforementioned 2018 distribution approved by stockholders’ meeting was consistent
with the resolutions of meeting of Board of Directors held on March 6, 2019.

The cash dividend per share for 2018 was adjusted to
NT$0.58989396 per share according to the resolution of the Board of Directors’ meeting on June 19, 2019. The adjustment was made for the decrease in outstanding common shares due to the share repurchase program.

The appropriation of the 2019 unappropriated retained earnings has not yet been approved by the stockholder’s meeting as of the reporting
date. Information relevant to the Board of Directors’ meeting recommendations and stockholders’ meeting approval can be obtained from the “Market Observation Post System” on the website of the TWSE.

Please refer to Note 6(19) for information on the employees and directors’ compensation.

d.   Non-controlling interests:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Beginning balance   $   2,161,729   $   956,808   $   466,768
Impact of retroactive applications of IFRS 15   —   1,597   —
Adjusted balance as of January 1   2,161,729   958,405   466,768
Attributable to non-controlling interests:
Net loss   (2,997,469   )   (4,429,938   )   (3,578,847   )
Other comprehensive income (loss)   (111,601   )   (103,894   )   (15,213   )
Changes in subsidiaries’ ownership   (999,151   )   (278,613   )   24,740
Disposal of a subsidiary   —   (7,074   )   —
Derecognition of the non-controlling interests   2,903,300   4,327,882   3,512,617
Ending balance   $   956,808   $   466,768   $   410,065

F-78

Table of Contents

(17)   Share-Based Payment

In order to attract, retain talents and reward the employees for their productivity and loyalty, the Company carried out a compensation plan to
offer 200 million shares of treasury stock to employees in August 2018. The compensation cost for the shared-based payment was measured at fair value, having recognized in expense the difference between the closing quoted market price of the
shares at the grant date and the cash received from employees. The closing quoted market price of the Company’s shares on the grant date was NT$16.95 per share. For the stocks vested on the date of grant, the Company recognized the entire
compensation cost on the grant date, whereas for the stocks with requisite service conditions to vest at the end of one or
two-years
 from the date of grant, the Company recognizes the compensation cost on a
straight-line basis over the period in which the services conditions are fulfilled, together with a corresponding increase in equity. As such, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, total compensation cost of NT$696 million and
NT$366 million, respectively, were recognized by the Company.

(18)   Operating Revenues

a.   Disaggregation of revenue

2017

i.   Operating Revenues

For the year ended December 31, 2017
NT$
(In Thousands)
Net sales
Sale of goods   $   142,957,544
Other operating revenues
Royalty   6,817
Mask tooling   3,334,844
Others   2,985,501
Operating revenues   $   149,284,706

F-79

Table of Contents

ii.   By geography

For the year ended December 31, 2017
NT$
(In Thousands)
Taiwan   $   48,952,219
Singapore   30,798,270
China (includes Hong Kong)   18,971,866
Japan   4,694,277
USA   18,208,227
Europe   14,329,730
Others   13,330,117
Total   $   149,284,706

2018 and 2019

i.   By product

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Wafer   $   142,550,304   $   142,625,019
Others   8,702,267   5,576,622
Total   $   151,252,571   $   148,201,641

F-80

Table of Contents

ii.   By operating segments

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Revenue from contracts with customers   $   151,023,932   $   247,929   $   151,271,861   $   (19,290   )   $   151,252,571
The timing of revenue recognition:
At a point in time   $   146,247,350   $   247,929   $   146,495,279   $   (19,290   )   $   146,475,989
Over time   4,776,582   —   4,776,582   —   4,776,582
Total   $   151,023,932   $   247,929   $   151,271,861   $   (19,290   )   $   151,252,571

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Revenue from contracts with customers   $   148,123,306   $   78,335   $   148,201,641   $   —   $   148,201,641
The timing of revenue recognition:
At a point in time   $   146,978,700   $   78,335   $   147,057,035   $   —   $   147,057,035
Over time   1,144,606   —   1,144,606   —   1,144,606
Total   $   148,123,306   $   78,335   $   148,201,641   $   —   $   148,201,641

iii.   By geography

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Taiwan   Singapore   China (includes Hong Kong)   Japan   USA   Europe   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Revenue from contracts with customers   $   55,092,681   $   24,820,196   $   18,504,881   $   5,896,313   $   23,555,105   $   12,527,894   $   10,855,501   $   151,252,571
The timing of revenue recognition:
At a point in time   $   54,963,771   $   24,791,908   $   14,889,672   $   5,889,277   $   23,536,756   $   11,551,052   $   10,853,553   $   146,475,989
Over time   128,910   28,288   3,615,209   7,036   18,349   976,842   1,948   4,776,582
Total   $   55,092,681   $   24,820,196   $   18,504,881   $   5,896,313   $   23,555,105   $   12,527,894   $   10,855,501   $   151,252,571

F-81

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Taiwan   Singapore   China (includes Hong Kong)   Japan   USA   Europe   Others   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Revenue from contracts with customers   $   53,966,435   $   23,979,343   $   19,115,188   $   9,855,772   $   19,957,615   $   6,900,339   $   14,426,949   $   148,201,641
The timing of revenue recognition:
At a point in time   $   53,905,377   $   23,976,786   $   18,987,848   $   9,684,186   $   19,946,286   $   6,138,812   $   14,417,740   $   147,057,035
Over time   61,058   2,557   127,340   171,586   11,329   761,527   9,209   1,144,606
Total   $   53,966,435   $   23,979,343   $   19,115,188   $   9,855,772   $   19,957,615   $   6,900,339   $   14,426,949   $   148,201,641

Note A:   The Company adopted IFRS 15 on January 1, 2018. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 15.

Note B:   The geographic breakdown of the Company’s operating revenues was based on the location of the
Company’s customers.

b.   Contract balances

i.   Contract assets, current

As of January 1,   As of December 31,
2018   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Sales of goods and services   $   129,042   $   486,184   $   599,491
Less: Loss allowance   —   (393,974   )   (385,248   )
Net   $   129,042   $   92,210   $   214,243

F-82

Table of Contents

The loss allowance was assessed by the Company primarily at an amount equal to lifetime
expected credit losses. The loss allowance was mainly resulted from the indictment filed by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) against UMC related to the joint technology development agreement. Please refer to Note 9(6).

ii.   Contract liabilities

As of January 1,   As of December 31,
2018   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Sales of goods and services   $   3,951,414   $   932,371   $   1,470,195
Current   $   3,951,414   $   932,371   $   988,115
Noncurrent   —   —   482,080
Total   $   3,951,414   $   932,371   $   1,470,195

The movement of contract liabilities is mainly caused by the timing difference of the satisfaction of a
performance of obligation and the consideration received from customers.

The Company recognized NT$3,815 million and
NT$616 million, respectively, in revenues from the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period as performance obligations were satisfied for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.

c.   The Company’s transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations amounted to
NT$3,148 million and NT$2,987 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The Company will recognize revenue as the Company satisfies its performance obligations over time that aligns with progress toward completion of a
contract in the future. As of the report date, the progress cannot be reliably estimated primarily due to the suspension as disclosed in Note 9(6). The estimate of the transaction price does not include any estimated amounts of variable
consideration that are constrained.

F-83

Table of Contents

d.   Asset recognized from costs to fulfill a contract with customer

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recognized costs to fulfill engineering and service contracts eligible for capitalization
as other current assets which amounted to NT$567 million and NT$560 million, respectively. Subsequently, the Company will expense from costs to fulfill a contract to operating costs when the related obligations are satisfied.

(19)   Operating Costs and Expenses

The Company’s employee benefit, depreciation and amortization expenses are summarized as follows:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
Operating costs   Operating expenses   Total   Operating costs   Operating expenses   Total   Operating costs   Operating expenses   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Employee benefit expenses
Salaries   $   16,676,560   $   7,045,487   $   23,722,047   $   17,694,175   $   7,780,063   $   25,474,238   $   17,109,432   $   7,712,792   $   24,822,224
Labor and health insurance   878,576   376,523   1,255,099   882,671   376,556   1,259,227   911,037   395,571   1,306,608
Pension   1,008,121   327,454   1,335,575   1,065,176   342,565   1,407,741   1,066,877   361,281   1,428,158
Other employee benefit expenses   259,701   118,422   378,123   289,395   111,734   401,129   303,358   124,631   427,989
Depreciation   47,820,812   3,003,855   50,824,667   47,086,993   2,689,314   49,776,307   45,068,673   1,841,954   46,910,627
Amortization   911,563   1,222,163   2,133,726   880,967   1,219,163   2,100,130   848,214   1,368,440   2,216,654

According to UMC’s Articles of Incorporation, the employees and directors’ compensation shall
be distributed in the following order:

UMC shall allocate no less than 5% of profit as employees’ compensation and no more than 0.1%
of profit as directors’ compensation for each profitable fiscal year after offsetting any cumulative losses. The aforementioned employees’ compensation will be distributed in shares or cash. The employees of UMC’s subsidiaries who
fulfill specific requirements stipulated by the Board of Directors may be granted such compensation. Directors may only receive compensation in cash. UMC may, by a resolution adopted by a majority vote at a meeting of the Board of Directors attended
by
two-thirds
 of the total number of directors, distribute the aforementioned employees and directors’ compensation and report to the stockholders’ meeting for such distribution.

F-84

Table of Contents

The Company recognizes the employees and directors’ compensation in the profit or loss
during the periods when earned for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019. The Board of Directors estimates the amount by taking into consideration the Articles of Incorporation, government regulations and industry averages. If the
Board of Directors resolves to distribute employee compensation through stock, the number of stock distributed is calculated based on total employee compensation divided by the closing price of the day before the Board of Directors meeting. If the
Board of Directors subsequently modifies the estimates significantly, the Company will recognize the change as an adjustment in the profit or loss in the subsequent period.

The distributions of employees and directors’ compensation for 2017 and 2018 were reported to the stockholders’ meeting on June 12,
2018 and June 12, 2019, respectively, while the distributions of employees and directors’ compensation for 2019 were approved through the Board of Directors meeting on February 26, 2020. The details of distribution are as follows:

2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Employees’ compensation – Cash   $   1,032,324   $   1,400,835   $   1,132,952
Directors’ compensation   11,452   7,624   10,259

The aforementioned employees and directors’ compensation for 2017 and 2018 reported during the
stockholders’ meeting were consistent with the resolutions of the Board of Directors meeting held on March 7, 2018 and March 6, 2019, respectively.

Information relevant to the aforementioned employees and directors’ compensation can be obtained from the “Market Observation Post
System” on the website of the TWSE.

(20)   Net Other Operating Income and Expenses

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Rental income from property   $   160,119   $   199,505   $   200,351
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment   82,397   136,743   43,036
Government grants   1,710,176   5,220,746   5,366,907
Impairment loss
Property, plant and equipment   —   —   (84,974   )
Goodwill   —   —   (7,398   )
Others   (298,997   )   (440,110   )   (335,760   )
Total   $   1,653,695   $   5,116,884   $   5,182,162

F-85

Table of Contents

(21)   Non-Operating Income and Expenses

a.   Other gains and losses

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Gain (loss) on valuation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss   $   598,270   $   (1,167,735   )   $   1,279,931
Impairment loss
Investments accounted for under the equity method   —   (46,225   )   (25,762   )
Available-for-sale financial assets, noncurrent   (664,948   )   —   —
Financial assets measured at cost, noncurrent   (285,387   )   —   —
Gain (loss) on disposal of investments   1,269,369   (19,286   )   (16,293   )
Others   76,788   104,956   (71,147   )
Total   $   994,092   $   (1,128,290   )   $   1,166,729

F-86

Table of Contents

b.   Finance costs

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Interest expenses
Bonds payable   $   763,124   $   710,663   $   672,902
Bank loans   1,563,590   1,782,544   1,808,633
Lease liabilities (Note)   —   —   178,112
Others   80,158   275,465   274,168
Financial expenses   88,290   82,553   63,828
Total   $   2,495,162   $   2,851,225   $   2,997,643

Note:   The Company adopted IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16.

(22)   Components of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

For the year ended December 31, 2017
Arising during the period   Reclassification adjustments during the period   Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax   Income tax effect   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans   $   (184,186   )   $   —   $   (184,186   )   $   31,311   $   (152,875   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   1,221   —   1,221   —   1,221
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (5,975,203   )   —   (5,975,203   )   59,838   (5,915,365   )
Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale financial assets   1,224,344   (642,905   )   581,439   100,059   681,498
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   604,675   102,302   706,977   (135,989   )   570,988
Total other comprehensive income (loss)   $   (4,329,149   )   $   (540,603   )   $   (4,869,752   )   $   55,219   $   (4,814,533   )

F-87

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Arising during the period   Reclassification adjustments during the period   Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax   Income tax effect   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans   $   (55,060   )   $   —   $   (55,060   )   $   32,647   $   (22,413   )
Unrealized gains or losses from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income   1,454,018   —   1,454,018   (419,198   )   1,034,820
Gains or losses on hedging instruments which will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss   (2,572   )   —   (2,572   )   514   (2,058   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   (103,319   )   —   (103,319   )   27,741   (75,578   )
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (47,417   )   408   (47,009   )   (28,845   )   (75,854   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   (11,069   )   (12,897   )   (23,966   )   659   (23,307   )
Total other comprehensive income (loss)   $   1,234,581   $   (12,489   )   $   1,222,092   $   (386,482   )   $   835,610

F-88

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Arising during the period   Reclassification adjustments during the period   Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax   Income tax effect   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans   $   106,403   $   —   $   106,403   $   (21,281   )   $   85,122
Unrealized gains or losses from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income   5,486,209   —   5,486,209   (394,695   )   5,091,514
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   899,025   —   899,025   (41,643   )   857,382
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (3,292,023   )   14,085   (3,277,938   )   14,949   (3,262,989   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   8,799   6,594   15,393   (8,843   )   6,550
Total other comprehensive income (loss)   $   3,208,413   $   20,679   $   3,229,092   $   (451,513   )   $   2,777,579

F-89

Table of Contents

(23)   Income Tax

a.   The major components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were as
follows:

i.   Income tax expense (benefit) recorded in profit or loss

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Current income tax expense (benefit):
Current income tax charge   $   2,467,004   $   (264,909   )   $   772,795
Adjustments in respect of current income tax of prior periods   (364,951   )   (899,219   )   (1,033,780   )
Deferred income tax expense (benefit):
Deferred income tax related to origination and reversal of temporary differences   (1,033,142   )   1,350,028   465,530
Deferred income tax related to recognition and derecognition of tax losses and unused tax
credits   (424,608   )   (335,367   )   231,971
Deferred income tax related to changes in tax rates   12,477   (842,123   )   —
Adjustment of prior year’s deferred income tax   9,233   (2,744   )   121,189
Deferred income tax arising from write-down or reversal of write-down of deferred tax
assets   326,468   (135,543   )   (327,359   )
Income tax expense (benefit) recorded in profit or loss   $   992,481   $   (1,129,877   )   $   230,346

ii.   Income tax related to components of other comprehensive income (loss)

(i)   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans   $   31,311   $   11,012   $   (21,281   )
Unrealized gains or losses from equity instruments investments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income   —   (24,969   )   (394,695   )
Gains or losses on hedging instruments which will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss   —   514   —
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   —   18,045   (41,643   )
Deferred income tax related to changes in tax rates   —   (362,898   )   —
Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   $   31,311   $   (358,296   )   $   (457,619   )

F-90

Table of Contents

(ii)   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   $   59,838   $   (24,339   )   $   14,949
Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale financial assets   100,059   —   —
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates and joint ventures which may be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   (135,989   )   1,847   (8,843   )
Deferred income tax related to changes in tax rates   —   (5,694   )   —
Income tax related to items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   $   23,908   $   (28,186   )   $   6,106

iii.   Deferred income tax charged directly to equity

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Adjustments of changes in net assets of associates and joint ventures accounted for using equity
method   $   227   $   (414   )   $   (532   )
Reversal of temporary difference arising from initial recognition of the equity component of the
compound financial instrument   —   —   (45   )
Gains or losses on hedging instruments which will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss   —   —   (514   )
Deferred income tax related to changes in tax rates   —   (57,140   )   —
Income tax recognized directly to equity   $   227   $   (57,554   )   $   (1,091   )

F-91

Table of Contents

b.   A reconciliation between income tax expense and income before tax at UMC’s applicable tax rate was as
follows:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Income before tax   $   7,671,710   $   2,117,920   $   4,806,596
At UMC’s statutory income tax rate   1,304,191   423,584   961,319
Adjustments in respect of current income tax of prior periods   (364,951   )   (899,219   )   (1,033,780   )
Net changes in loss carry-forward and investment tax credits   564,742   2,239,058   2,387,922
Adjustment of deferred tax assets/liabilities for write-downs/reversals and different
jurisdictional tax rates   330,228   49,625   (169,568   )
Tax effect of non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses:
Tax exempt income   (1,549,018   )   (451,589   )   (1,778,820   )
Investment gain   (639,979   )   (886,546   )   (270,610   )
Dividend income   (83,154   )   (112,810   )   (139,093   )
Others   259,590   140,278   110,991
Basic tax   33,207   —   3,215
Estimated income tax on unappropriated earnings   38,069   (849,328   )   150,401
Deferred income tax related to changes in tax rates   12,477   (842,123   )   —
Effect of different tax rates applicable to UMC and its subsidiaries   (21,615   )   (118,404   )   (102,608   )
Taxes withheld in other jurisdictions   868,106   48,291   19,749
Others   240,588   129,306   91,228
Income tax expense (benefit) recorded in profit or loss   $   992,481   $   (1,129,877   )   $   230,346

F-92

Table of Contents

c.   Significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Deferred income tax assets
Depreciation   $   1,930,388   $   1,658,688
Loss carry-forward   502,331   1,310,300
Pension   825,792   800,734
Refund liabilities   232,854   339,185
Allowance for inventory valuation losses   416,270   628,725
Investment loss   748,983   486,537
Unrealized profit on intercompany sales   1,703,942   1,568,645
Investment tax credits   336,869   —
Others   98,367   770,543
Total deferred income tax assets   6,795,796   7,563,357
Deferred income tax liabilities
Unrealized exchange gain   (535,595   )   (565,175   )
Depreciation   (440,524   )   (550,772   )
Investment gain   (513,322   )   (702,547   )
Convertible bond option   (139,693   )   (69,484   )
Amortizable assets   (342,607   )   (321,459   )
Others   (7,768   )   (11,793   )
Total deferred income tax liabilities   (1,979,509   )   (2,221,230   )
Net deferred income tax assets   $   4,816,287   $   5,342,127

F-93

Table of Contents

d.   Movement of deferred tax

For the years ended December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Balance as of January 1   $   3,788,906   $   4,816,287
Impact of retroactive applications of IFRS 15, IFRS 9 and IFRS 16   1,515,238   93
Adjusted balance as of January 1   5,304,144   4,816,380
Acquisition from business combinations   —   1,542,895
Amounts recognized in profit or loss during the period   (34,251   )   (491,331   )
Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income   (386,482   )   (451,513   )
Amounts recognized in equity   (57,554   )   (1,091   )
Exchange adjustments   (9,570   )   (73,213   )
Balance as of December 31   $   4,816,287   $   5,342,127

e.   The Company is subject to taxation in Taiwan and other foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2019,
income tax returns of UMC and its subsidiaries in Taiwan have been examined by the tax authorities through 2017, while in other foreign jurisdictions, relevant tax authorities have completed the examination through 2012. There is an uncertain tax
position that the outcome of the income tax returns of certain companies within the Company may not be accepted by the tax authorities of the respective countries of operations. For the recognition and measurement of deferred income tax and current
income tax which involved significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions, please refer to Note 5(5).

F-94

Table of Contents

f.   UMC was granted income tax exemption for several periods with respect to income derived from the expansion of
operations. The income tax exemption will expire on December 31, 2020.

g.   The information of the unused tax loss carry-forward for which no deferred income tax assets have been
recognized was as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Expiry period
1-5 years   $   27,072,604   $   38,708,327
6-10 years   10,799,310   9,588,002
more than 10 years   5,043   —
Total   $   37,876,957   $   48,296,329

h.   As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, deductible temporary differences for which no deferred income tax assets
have been recognized amounted to NT$5,971 million and NT$2,770 million, respectively.

i.   As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the taxable temporary differences of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities
associated with investments in subsidiaries amounted to NT$11,036 million and NT$11,389 million, respectively.

j.   According to the amendments to the R.O.C. Income Tax Act, effective from 2018, the corporate income tax rate is
raised from 17% to 20%, and the 10% undistributed earnings tax is lowered to 5%.

F-95

Table of Contents

(24)   Earnings Per Share

a.   Earnings per share-basic

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Net income attributable to the parent company   $   9,676,698   $   7,677,735   $   8,155,097
Weighted-average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share (thousand shares)   11,994,760   11,889,723   11,565,068
Earnings per share-basic (NTD)   $   0.81   $   0.65   $   0.71

b.   Earnings per share-diluted

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Net income attributable to the parent company   $   9,676,698   $   7,677,735   $   8,155,097
Effect of dilution
Unsecured convertible bonds   288,091   283,349   289,121
Income attributable to stockholders of the parent   $   9,964,789   $   7,961,084   $   8,444,218
Weighted-average number of common stocks for basic earnings per share (thousand shares)   11,994,760   11,889,723   11,565,068
Effect of dilution
Employees’ compensation   83,981   137,511   90,047
Unsecured convertible bonds   1,193,935   1,243,599   1,295,729
Weighted-average number of common stocks after dilution (thousand shares)   13,272,676   13,270,833   12,950,844
Earnings per share-diluted (NTD)   $   0.75   $   0.60   $   0.65

F-96

Table of Contents

(25)   Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities

For the year ended December 31, 2018

As of December 31, 2017   Cash Flows   Non-cash changes   As of December 31, 2018
Items   Foreign exchange   Others (Note A)
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Short-term loans   $   25,445,540   $   (12,288,248   )   $   (292,466   )   $   238,982   $   13,103,808
Long-term loans (current portion included)   32,165,336   (1,880,197   )   556,777   (15,701   )   30,826,215
Bonds payable (current portion included)   48,517,631   (7,500,000   )   —   360,551   41,378,182
Guarantee deposits (current portion included)   564,576   88,131   13,086   —   665,793
Other financial liabilities-noncurrent (Note B)   20,486,119   —   (456,551   )   380,787   20,410,355
For the year ended
December 31, 2019
Non-cash changes
Items   As of December 31, 2018   Cash Flows   Foreign exchange   Others (Note A)   As of December 31, 2019
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Short-term loans   $   13,103,808   $   (993,723   )   $   (368,507   )   $   273,628   $   12,015,206
Long-term loans (current portion included)   30,826,215   3,876,991   (802,975   )   1,843   33,902,074
Bonds payable (current portion included)   41,378,182   (2,500,000   )   —   (96,766   )   38,781,416
Guarantee deposits (current portion included)   665,793   252,269   (2,021   )   (619,347   )   296,694
Lease liabilities   6,006,457   (633,488   )   (78,432   )   736,488 (Note C   )   6,031,025
Other financial liabilities-noncurrent (Note B)   20,410,355   —   (698,127   )   381,213   20,093,441

Note A: Other
non-cash
 changes mainly consisted of discount
amortization measured by the effective interest method.

Note B: Please refer to Note 9(5) for more details on other financial
liabilities-noncurrent.

Note C: Including the impact from acquisition of a subsidiary.

F-97

Table of Contents

(26)   Business Combinations

UNITED SEMICONDUCTOR JAPAN CO., LTD. (USJC)

The Company exercised the call option of a joint venture agreement between FUJI SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED (FSL) to acquire 84.1% ownership interest
in MIE FUJITSU SEMICONDUCTOR LIMITED (MIFS) for JPY 54.4 billion on October 1, 2019. The Company previously held 15.9% of ownership interest in MIFS. MIFS became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and was renamed as USJC upon
completion of the acquisition. USJC is a 300mm fab in Japan that is currently manufacturing 90nm, 65nm and 40nm products. The fab fits the Company’s specialty technology focus and long-term growth projections. USJC will increase the
Company’s foundry market share, provide business synergies and benefit from economies of scale while broadening the Company’s comprehensive specialty and logic technologies to serve Japanese and international customers.

NT$
(In Thousands)
Consideration Transferred:
Cash   $   15,711,370
Fair value of previously held equity interest immediately before acquisition   2,303,988
Gains or losses on hedging instruments   2,572
Total   $   18,017,930
Cash flows analysis of acquisition:
Cash Consideration   $   15,711,370
Net cash acquired from the subsidiary   (2,910,389   )
Net cash outflows from acquisition   $   12,800,981

F-98

Table of Contents

The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of USJC as of the date of
acquisition were:

Fair value recognized on the acquisition date
NT$
(In Thousands)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   $   2,910,389
Accounts receivable   3,561,827
Inventories   2,428,616
Property, plant and equipment   11,497,618
Right-of-use assets   479,547
Intangible assets   1,318,754
Deferred tax assets   1,563,553
Others   230,431
23,990,735
Liabilities
Accounts payable   (3,170,323   )
Other payables and payables on equipment   (1,962,119   )
Lease liabilities   (479,547   )
Others   (189,231   )
(5,801,220   )
Total identifiable net assets   $   18,189,515
Gain on bargain purchase:
Consideration transferred   $   18,017,930
Less: Fair value of identifiable net assets   (18,189,515   )
Bargain purchase gain   $   (171,585   )

The fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was in excess of the aggregate
consideration transferred and the previously held ownership interest of 15.9% in USJC at the acquisition date, and the difference was recognized as bargain purchase gain. The previously held ownership interest of 15.9% in USJC was previously
accounted for as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
non-current.
 It was subsequently remeasured at fair value with the consideration for a minority interest discount on the
acquisition date resulting in the bargain purchase gain. Upon the acquisition, the Company recognized a loss on disposal of NT375 million and the accumulated unrealized losses on the previously held ownership interest was reclassified from
other comprehensive income to retained earnings.

Upon the acquisition, USJC contributed NT$4,277 million of operating revenues and
NT$305 million to profit before tax from continuing operations of the Company, respectively. If the combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, operating revenues from the continuing operations would have been
NT$160,767 million and the profit before tax from continuing operations for the Company would have been NT$5,606 million, respectively.

F-99

Table of Contents

(27)   Deconsolidation of Subsidiaries

UNISTARS CORP. (UNISTARS)

As UMC’s subsidiary disposed of all of its shares of UNISTARS in December 2018, the Company lost control of UNISTARS, derecognizing the
relevant assets and liabilities of UNISTARS at the date when the control is lost.

a.   Derecognized assets and liabilities mainly consisted of:

NT$
(In Thousands)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   $   14,430
Notes and accounts receivable   18,239
Inventories   46,717
Property, plant and equipment   45,515
Others   2,365
127,266
Liabilities
Short-term loans   (34,313   )
Payables   (29,309   )
Current portion of long-term liabilities   (11,899   )
Long-term loans   (5,502   )
Others   (2,872   )
(83,895   )
Net assets of the subsidiary deconsolidated   $   43,371

b.   Consideration received and loss recognized from the transaction:

NT$
(In Thousands)
Cash received   $   4,617
Less: Net assets of the subsidiary deconsolidated   (43,371   )
Add: Non-controlling interests   7,074
Less: Goodwill   (176   )
Loss on disposal of subsidiary   $   (31,856   )

F-100

Table of Contents

Loss on disposal of subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2018 was recognized as
other gains and losses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

c.   Analysis of net cash outflow arising from deconsolidation of the subsidiary:

NT$
(In Thousands)
Cash received   $   4,617
Net cash of subsidiary derecognized   (14,430   )
Net cash outflow from deconsolidation   $   (9,813   )

F-101

Table of Contents

7.   SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

a.   Significant intercompany transactions between consolidated entities were as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2017

Entity   Counterparty   Transactions (Note A)
Account   Amount   Terms (Note B)
NT$
(In Thousands)
UMC   UMC-USA   Sales   $   59,968,172   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   6,737,723   —
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   4,212,523   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   659,488   —
UMC   USCXM   Sales   998,899 (Note C   )   Net 30 days
UMC   USCXM   Accounts receivable   4,790,930   —
UMC   USCXM   Loan receivable   3,924,360   —
HJ   UMC-USA   Sales   214,147   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   35,498   —
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   223,740   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   43,332   —
USCXM   UMC-USA   Sales   241,220   Net 60 days
USCXM   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   141,272   —

F-102

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2018

Entity   Counterparty   Transactions (Note A)
Account   Amount   Terms (Note B)
NT$
(In Thousands)
UMC   UMC-USA   Sales   $   57,107,585   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   7,312,272   —
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   4,159,637   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   905,048   —
UMC   USCXM   Sales   1,356,567 (Note C   )   Net 30 days
UMC   USCXM   Accounts receivable   48,163   —
USCXM   UMC-USA   Sales   698,988   Net 60 days
USCXM   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   120,678   —
HJ   UMC-USA   Sales   307,471   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   35,161   —
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   272,218   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   61,971   —

For the year ended December 31, 2019

Entity   Counterparty   Transactions (Note A)
Account   Amount   Terms (Note B)
NT$
(In Thousands)
UMC   UMC-USA   Sales   $   47,736,335   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   5,937,706   —
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   3,933,964   Net 60 days
UMC   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   608,622   —
UMC   USCXM   Sales   1,209,310 (Note C   )   Net 30 days
UMC   USCXM   Accounts receivable   31,334   —
UMC   USCXM   Loan receivable   1,201,200   —
USCXM   UMC-USA   Sales   745,226   Net 60 days
USCXM   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   33,242   —
HJ   UMC-USA   Sales   152,012   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC-USA   Accounts receivable   21,138   —
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Sales   250,736   Net 60 days
HJ   UMC GROUP JAPAN   Accounts receivable   51,150   —

F-103

Table of Contents

Note A:   The significant intercompany transactions listed above include downstream transactions.

Note B:   The sales price to the above related parties was determined through mutual agreement in reference to market
conditions.

Note C:   UMC authorized technology licenses to its subsidiary, USCXM, in the amount of US$0.35 billion, which was
recognized as deferred revenue to be realized over time.

b.   Significant transactions between the Company and other related parties were as follows:

(i)   Name and Relationship of Related Parties

Name of related parties   Relationship with the Company
FARADAY TECHNOLOGY CORP. and its Subsidiaries   Associate
HSUN CHIEH CAPITAL CORP.   Associate
TRIKNIGHT CAPITAL CORPORATION   Associate
HSUN CHIEH INVESTMENT CO., LTD.   Associate
JINING SUNRICH SOLARENERGY CORPORATION   Joint venture’s subsidiary
SILICON INTEGRATED SYSTEMS CORP.   The Company’s director
PHOTRONICS DNP MASK CORPORATION   Other related parties
UNITEDVISION SEMICONDUCTOR CO., LTD.   Other related parties
UNISTARS CORPORATION   Other related parties
UPI SEMICONDUCTOR CORP.   Other related parties
CHUAN-FANG ZHUAN   Subsidiary’s director

F-104

Table of Contents

(ii)   Operating revenues

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Associates   $   1,357,720   $   1,291,398   $   1,532,339
Joint ventures   12,465   4,277   —
Others   30,417   27,881   45,523
Total   $   1,400,602   $   1,323,556   $   1,577,862

(iii)   Accounts receivable, net

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Associates   $   134,646   $   278,702
Others   4,266   11,243
Total   $   138,912   $   289,945

The sales price to the above related parties was determined through mutual agreement in reference to market
conditions. The collection period for domestic sales to related parties was
month-end
 30~60 days, while the collection period for overseas sales was net 30~60 days.

(iv)   Refund liabilities (classified under other current liabilities)

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Associates   $   1,287   $   7,880
Others   71   48
Total   $   1,358   $   7,928

F-105

Table of Contents

(v)   Significant asset transactions

Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – noncurrent

For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018: None.

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Trading Volume (In thousands of shares)   Transaction underlying   Purchase price
NT$
(In Thousands)
Associates   500   Stock of MATERIALS ANALYSIS TECHNOLOGY INC.   $   32,923
Associates   1,900   Stock of GEAR RADIO LTD.   37,211
Total   $   70,134

Acquisition of investments accounted for under the equity method

For the year ended December 31, 2017: None.

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Trading Volume (In thousands of shares)   Transaction underlying   Purchase price
NT$
(In Thousands)
Associates   84,000   Stock   $   840,000

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Trading Volume (In thousands of shares)   Transaction underlying   Purchase price
NT$
(In Thousands)
Associates   72,000   Stock   $   720,000

Acquisition of intangible assets

Purchase price
For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Associates   $   322,808   $   200,610   $   339,463

F-106

Table of Contents

Disposal of subsidiary

For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2019: None.

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Trading Volume (In thousands of shares)   Transaction underlying   Proceeds   Disposal (loss) gain
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Others   46,168   Stock of UNISTARS CORPORATION   $   4,617   $   (31,856   )

Disposal of financial assets

For the year ended December 31, 2017
Trading Volume (In thousands of shares)   Transaction underlying   Proceeds   Disposal (loss) gain
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Others   6,489   Stock of ASIA PACIFIC MICROSYSTEMS, INC.   $   50,745   $   (13,753   )

For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019: None.

(vi)   Others

Mask expenditure

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Others   $   994,710   $   1,750,088   $   2,346,263

Other payables of mask expenditure

As of December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Others   $   580,789   $   571,036   $   683,892

F-107

Table of Contents

c.   Key management personnel compensation

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Short-term employee benefits   $   271,554   $   387,294   $   271,135
Post-employment benefits   3,478   4,660   2,406
Termination benefits   6,957   —   3,415
Share-based payment   68   293,857   62,203
Others   294   435   578
Total   $   282,351   $   686,246   $   339,737

F-108

Table of Contents

8.   ASSETS PLEDGED AS COLLATERAL

The following table lists assets of the Company pledged as collateral:

As of December 31,
2018   2019   Party to which asset(s) was pledged   Purpose of pledge
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Refundable Deposits (Bank deposit and Time deposit)   $   961,198   $   811,035   Customs   Customs duty guarantee
Refundable Deposits (Time deposit)   237,358   348,117   Science Park Administration   Collateral for land lease
Refundable Deposits (Time deposit)   19,579   19,510   Science Park Administration   Collateral for dormitory lease
Refundable Deposits (Time deposit)   37,084   41,785   Liquefied Natural Gas Business Division, CPC Corporation, Taiwan   Energy resources guarantee
Refundable Deposits (Time deposit)   1,000,000   1,000,000   Bank of China   Bank performance guarantee
Buildings   5,823,938   5,381,590   Taiwan Cooperative Bank and Secured Syndicated Loans from China Development Bank and 6
others   Collateral for long-term loans
Machinery and equipment   25,762,086   19,029,077   Taiwan Cooperative Bank, Mega International Commercial Bank and Secured Syndicated Loans from
China Development Bank and 6 others   Collateral for long-term loans
Right-of-use assets   —   292,120   Secured Syndicated Loans from China Development Bank and 6 others   Collateral for long-term loans
Other noncurrent assets   309,108   —   Secured Syndicated Loans from China Development Bank and 6 others   Collateral for long-term loans
Total   $   34,150,351   $   26,923,234

F-109

Table of Contents

9.   SIGNIFICANT CONTINGENCIES AND UNRECOGNIZED CONTRACT COMMITMENTS

(1)   As of December 31, 2019, amounts available under unused letters of credit for importing machinery and
equipment were NT$0.1 billion.

(2)   As of December 31, 2019, the Company entrusted financial institutes to open performance guarantee, mainly
related to the litigations and customs tax guarantee, amounting to NT$1.7 billion.

(3)   The Company entered into several patent license agreements and development contracts of intellectual property
for a total contract amount of approximately NT$10.8 billion. As of December 31, 2019, the portion of royalties and development fees not yet recognized was NT$1.4 billion.

(4)   The Company entered into several construction contracts for the expansion of its operations. As of
December 31, 2019, these construction contracts amounted to approximately NT$2.0 billion and the portion of the contracts not yet recognized was approximately NT$0.4 billion.

(5)   The Board of Directors of UMC resolved in October 2014 to participate in a 3-way agreement with Xiamen Municipal People’s Government and FUJIAN ELECTRONIC & INFORMATION GROUP to form a company which will focus on 12’’ wafer foundry services. As of
December 31, 2019, the Company obtained R.O.C. government authority’s approval for the investment and invested RMB¥8.3 billion in USCXM, representing ownership interest of 65.22%. Furthermore, based on the agreement, UMC
recognized a financial liability in other noncurrent liabilities for the purchase from the other investors of their investments in USCXM at their original investment cost plus interest totally amounting to RMB¥4.9 billion, beginning from
the seventh year (2022) following the last instalment payment made by the other investors. Accordingly, the Company recognizes non-controlling interests as required by IFRS 10 during the reporting period.
At the end of each reporting period, the Company recognizes a financial liability for its commitment to the other investors in accordance with IFRS 9, at the same time derecognizing the non-controlling interests. Any difference between the financial liability and the non-controlling interests balance is recognized in equity.

(6)   On August 31, 2017, the Taichung District Prosecutors Office indicted UMC based on the Trade Secret Act of
R.O.C., alleging that employees of UMC misappropriated the trade secrets of MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC. (“MICRON”). On December 5, 2017, MICRON filed a civil action with similar cause against UMC with the United States District Court,
Northern District of California. MICRON claimed entitlement to the actual damages, treble damages and relevant fees and requested the court to issue an order that enjoins UMC from using its trade secrets in question. UMC has appointed counsels to
prepare answers against these charges. Currently the civil complaint has been stayed by the court and the criminal proceeding is ongoing.

On January 12, 2018, UMC filed three patent infringement actions with the Fuzhou Intermediate People’s Court against, among others,
MICRON (XI’AN) CO., LTD. and MICRON (SHANGHAI) TRADING CO., LTD., requesting the court to order the defendants to stop manufacturing, processing, importing, selling, and committing to sell the products deploying the infringing patents in
questions, and also to destroy all inventories and related molds and tools. On July 3, 2018, the Fuzhou Intermediate People’s Court granted preliminary injunction against the aforementioned two defendants, holding that the two defendants
must immediately cease to manufacture, sell, and import products that infringe the patent rights of UMC. The court has approved withdrawal of one of the patent infringement actions on our motion while the other two actions are still on trial.

F-110

Table of Contents

On November 1, 2018, the Department of Justice of the United States (“DOJ”)
unsealed an indictment against UMC, FUJIAN JINHUA INTEGRATED CIRCUIT CO., LTD. (“JINHUA”), and three individuals, including one current employee and two former employees of UMC, alleging that UMC and others conspired to steal trade secrets
of MICRON, and used that information to develop technology that was subsequently transferred to JINHUA. On the same day, the DOJ filed a civil complaint enjoining the aforementioned defendants from exporting to the United States any products
containing DRAM manufactured by UMC or JINHUA and preventing the defendants from transferring the trade secrets to anyone else. UMC has appointed counsels to prepare answers against these charges. Besides, UMC has suspended the joint technology
development activities with JINHUA. Currently the civil complaint has been stayed by the court and the criminal proceeding is ongoing. Given these litigations are still in the preliminary stages, UMC cannot assess the legal proceeding and probable
outcome or impact.

(7)   On March 14, 2019, a putative class action styled Meyer v. United Microelectronics Corporation and several
executives, was filed under Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The court appointed a lead plaintiff and approved lead
plaintiff counsel on May 23, 2019. On September 27, 2019, UMC received the service of plaintiffs’ amended complaint and appointed counsels to prepare the relevant procedures. Currently the mediation process is ongoing. The Company
does not expect material financial impact resulting from this claim.

10.   SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

(1)   Recently the emergence and wide spread of COVID-19 has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the
temporary closure of stores and facilities in most part of the world where the Company and the Company’s customers operate. If such outbreak continues or worsens, it may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and
operating results for 2020 as we have significant operations in China, Taiwan and the Asia Pacific region. Because of the significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak, the extent of the business and the related financial impact cannot
be predicted at this time.

(2)   On February 11, 2020, the Board of Directors of HJ resolved to participate in the capital injection of
USCXM in stages for a total investment amount of RMB¥3.5 billion.

F-111

Table of Contents

11.   FINANCIAL RISK AND FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES

(1)   Categories of financial instruments

As of December 31,
Financial Assets   2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   $   12,084,297   $   14,021,473
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   11,585,477   14,723,232
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Cash and cash equivalents (excludes cash on hand)   83,655,648   95,486,403
Receivables   24,583,451   26,459,392
Refundable deposits   2,757,399   2,600,733
Other financial assets   2,320,037   2,353,066
Total   $   136,986,309   $   155,644,299

As of December 31,
Financial Liabilities   2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Short-term loans   $   13,103,808   $   12,015,206
Payables   23,559,548   27,433,065
Guarantee deposits (current portion included)   665,793   296,694
Bonds payable (current portion included)   41,378,182   38,781,416
Long-term loans (current portion included)   30,826,215   33,902,074
Lease liabilities (Note)   —   6,031,025
Other financial liabilities   20,523,099   20,093,441
Total   $   130,056,645   $   138,552,921

Note:   The Company adopted IFRS 16 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected not to restate prior periods in
accordance with the transition provision in IFRS 16.

(2)   Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Company’s risk management objectives are to manage the market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk related to its operating
activities. The Company identifies, measures and manages the aforementioned risks based on policy and risk preference.

The Company has
established appropriate policies, procedures and internal controls for financial risk management. Before entering into significant financial activities, approval process by the Board of Directors and Audit Committee must be carried out based on
related protocols and internal control procedures. The Company complies with its financial risk management policies at all times.

F-112

Table of Contents

(3)   Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
Market risks comprise currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk (such as equity price risk).

Foreign currency risk

The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities
(when revenue or expense is denominated in a different currency from the Company’s functional currency) and the Company’s net investments in foreign subsidiaries.

The Company applies natural hedges on the foreign currency risk arising from purchases or sales, and utilizes spot or forward exchange
contracts to manage foreign currency risk and the net effect of the risks related to monetary financial assets and liabilities is minor. The notional amounts of the foreign currency contracts are the same as the amount of the hedged items. In
principle, the Company does not carry out any forward exchange contracts for uncertain commitments. The Company designates certain forward currency contracts as cash flow hedges to hedge its exposure to foreign currency exchange risk associated with
certain highly probable forecast transactions. On the basis of assessment, the Company expects that the value of forward currency exchange contracts and the value of the hedged transactions will change systematically in opposite directions for given
changes in foreign exchange rates. Hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships mainly arises from the counterparties’ credit risk, impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instruments and hedged items. No other sources of
ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships. Furthermore, as net investments in foreign subsidiaries are for strategic purposes, they are not hedged by the Company.

Certain forward exchange contracts designated by the Company to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risks associated with the purchase of
additional shares of USJC in JPY, amounting to JPY 23 billion, expired prior to December 31, 2018. The cash flow hedge reserve in other components of equity, amounting to NT$(3) million, was recognized as consideration for the ownership
interest of 84.1% in USJC on October 1, 2019. Please refer to Note 6(26).

The foreign currency sensitivity analysis of the possible
change in foreign exchange rates on the Company’s profit is performed on significant monetary items denominated in foreign currencies as of the end of the reporting period. When NTD strengthens/weakens against USD by 10%, the profit for the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 decreases/increases by NT$1,330 million, NT$1,367 million and NT$1,009 million, respectively. When RMB strengthens/weakens against USD by 10%, the profit for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 increases/decreases by NT$4,011 million, NT$2,624 million and NT$2,200 million, respectively.

F-113

Table of Contents

Interest rate risk

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk arising from borrowing at floating interest rates. All of the Company’s bonds have fixed
interest rates and are measured at amortized cost. As such, changes in interest rates would not affect the future cash flows. On the other hand, as the interest rates of the Company’s short-term and long-term bank loans are floating, changes in
interest rates would affect the future cash flows but not the fair value. Please refer to Note 6(10), 6(11) and 6(12) for the range of interest rates of the Company’s bonds and bank loans.

At the reporting dates, a change of 10 basis points of interest rate in a reporting period could cause the profit for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 to decrease/increase by NT$58 million, NT$44 million and NT$46 million, respectively.

Equity price risk

The
Company’s listed and unlisted equity securities are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future performance of equity markets. The Company’s equity investments are classified as financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

The sensitivity analysis for the equity
instruments is based on the change in fair value as of the reporting date. A change of 5% in the price of the aforementioned financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of listed companies could increase/decrease the Company’s profit
for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 by NT$33 million, NT$171 million and NT$252 million, respectively. A change of 5% in the price of the aforementioned financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income of listed companies could increase/decrease the Company’s other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 by NT$408 million and NT$671 million, respectively. A change of 5% in the price of the
aforementioned
available-for-sale
 financial instruments could increase/decrease the Company’s other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2017
by NT$979 million.

(4)   Credit risk management

The Company only trades with approved and creditworthy third parties. Where the Company trades with third parties which have less credit, it
will request collateral from them. It is the Company’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, notes and accounts receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing
basis to decrease the Company’s exposure to credit risk.

F-114

Table of Contents

The Company mitigates the credit risks from financial institutions by limiting its counter
parties to only reputable domestic or international financial institutions with good credit standing and spreading its holdings among various financial institutions. The Company’s exposure to credit risk arising from the default of
counter-parties is limited to the carrying amount of these instruments.

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, accounts receivable from
the top ten customers represent 54% and 44% of the total accounts receivable of the Company, respectively. The credit concentration risk of other accounts receivable is insignificant.

(5)   Liquidity risk management

The Company’s objectives are to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of cash and cash
equivalents, bank loans, bonds and lease.

The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities
based on the contractual undiscounted payments and contractual maturity:

As of December 31, 2018
Less than 1 year   2 to 3 years   4 to 5 years   > 5 years   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Short-term loans   $   13,171,811   $   —   $   —   $   —   $   13,171,811
Payables   23,088,071   199,788   —   —   23,287,859
Guarantee deposits   52,890   154,787   15,385   442,731   665,793
Bonds payable   3,000,855   23,187,913   8,484,393   8,563,021   43,236,182
Long-term loans   4,036,260   10,997,829   17,209,849   4,765,719   37,009,657
Other financial liabilities   112,744   —   17,477,984   4,369,730   21,960,458
Total   $   43,462,631   $   34,540,317   $   43,187,611   $   18,141,201   $   139,331,760

F-115

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2019
Less than 1 year   2 to 3 years   4 to 5 years   > 5 years   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Short-term loans   $   12,211,621   $   —   $   —   $   —   $   12,211,621
Payables   26,998,325   198,862   —   —   27,197,187
Guarantee deposits   100,584   97,108   —   99,002   296,694
Bonds payable   20,659,607   10,590,265   8,689,971   —   39,939,843
Long-term loans   6,104,795   19,631,931   13,097,986   12,000   38,846,712
Lease liabilities   740,939   1,413,978   1,180,955   3,792,192   7,128,064
Other financial liabilities   —   12,668,287   8,445,826   —   21,114,113
Total   $   66,815,871   $   44,600,431   $   31,414,738   $   3,903,194   $   146,734,234

(6)   Foreign currency risk management

UMC entered into forward exchange contracts for hedging the exchange rate risk arising from the net monetary assets or liabilities denominated
in foreign currency. The details of forward exchange contracts entered into by UMC are summarized as follows:

As of
December
 31, 2018

Type   Notional Amount   Contract Period
Forward exchange contracts   Sell USD 28 million   December 10, 2018~ January 7, 2019

As of December
 31, 2019

None.

(7)   Fair value measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of
a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

F-116

Table of Contents

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a
non-financial
 asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use
the asset in its highest and best use.

The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within the fair value
hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

•   Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

•   Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement is directly or indirectly observable;

•   Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement is unobservable.

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring
basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by
re-assessing
 categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

F-117

Table of Contents

a.   Assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis:

As of December 31, 2018
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Financial assets:
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, current   $   493,481   $   34,969   $   —   $   528,450
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, noncurrent   3,612,243   44,597   7,899,007   11,555,847
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, noncurrent   8,166,277   —   3,419,200   11,585,477

As of December 31, 2019
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Financial assets:
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, current   $   668,476   $   —   $   54,318   $   722,794
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, noncurrent   4,737,027   340,255   8,221,397   13,298,679
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, noncurrent   13,417,308   —   1,305,924   14,723,232

Fair values of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income that are categorized into Level 1 are based on the quoted market prices in active markets. If there is no active market, the Company estimates the fair value by using the valuation techniques (income approach
and market approach) in consideration of cash flow forecast, recent fund raising activities, valuation of similar companies, individual company’s development, market conditions and other economic indicators. If there are restrictions on the
sale or transfer of a financial asset, which are a characteristic of the asset, the fair value of the asset will be determined based on similar but unrestricted financial assets’ quoted market price with appropriate discounts for the
restrictions. To measure fair values, if the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable, then the financial assets are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, otherwise
as Level 3.

F-118

Table of Contents

During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, there were no significant transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements.

Reconciliations for fair value measurement in Level 3 fair value
hierarchy were as follows:

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Common stock   Preferred stock   Funds   Option   Total   Common stock   Preferred stock   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2018   $   3,832,537   $   2,994,294   $   1,183,940   $   31,605   $   8,042,376   $   3,350,694   $   233,326   $   3,584,020
Recognized in profit (loss)   (3,356   )   (394,931   )   69,827   (31,605   )   (360,065   )   —   —   —
Recognized in other comprehensive loss   —   —   —   —   —   (115,520   )   (49,300   )   (164,820   )
Acquisition   140,338   630,626   577,347   —   1,348,311   —   —   —
Disposal   (468,337   )   (310,025   )   —   —   (778,362   )   —   —   —
Return of capital   (22,954   )   —   —   —   (22,954   )   —   —   —
Transfer to Level 3   22,050   —   —   —   22,050   —   —   —
Transfer out of Level 3   (442,138   )   —   —   —   (442,138   )   —   —   —
Exchange effect   19,551   51,564   18,674   —   89,789   —   —   —
As of December 31, 2018   $   3,077,691   $   2,971,528   $   1,849,788   $   —   $   7,899,007   $   3,235,174   $   184,026   $   3,419,200

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Common stock   Preferred stock   Funds   Convertible bonds   Total   Common stock   Preferred stock   Total
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
As of January 1, 2019   $   3,077,691   $   2,971,528   $   1,849,788   $   —   $   7,899,007   $   3,235,174   $   184,026   $   3,419,200
Recognized in profit (loss)   (272,299   )   273,047   (14,024   )   6,145   (7,131   )   —   —   —
Recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)   —   —   —   —   —   199,244   (8,532   )   190,712
Acquisition   159,476   396,890   204,082   51,956   812,404   —   —   —
Disposal   (1,475   )   (328,371   )   —   —   (329,846   )   (2,303,988   )   —   (2,303,988   )
Return of capital   (14,954   )   —   —   —   (14,954   )   —   —   —
Transfer to Level 3   —   —   —   49,706   49,706   —   —   —
Transfer out of Level 3   (53,300   )   —   —   —   (53,300   )   —   —   —
Exchange effect   (14,451   )   (33,800   )   (28,821   )   (3,099   )   (80,171   )   —   —   —
As of December 31, 2019   $   2,880,688   $   3,279,294   $   2,011,025   $   104,708   $   8,275,715   $   1,130,430   $   175,494   $   1,305,924

F-119

Table of Contents

The Company’s policy to recognize the transfer into and out of fair value hierarchy
levels is based on the event or changes in circumstances that caused the transfer.

The total losses of NT$286 million,
NT$203 million and NT$113 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, were included in profit or loss that is attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those financial assets without quoted
market prices held at the end of the reporting period.

Significant unobservable inputs of fair value measurement in Level 3 fair
value hierarchy were as follow:

As of December 31, 2018
Category of equity securities   Valuation technique   Significant unobservable inputs   Quantitative information   Interrelationship between inputs and fair value   Sensitivity analysis of interrelationship between inputs and fair value
Unlisted stock   Market Approach   Discount for lack of marketability   15%~50%   The greater degree of lack of marketability, the lower the estimated fair value is
determined.   A change of 5% in the discount for lack of marketability of the aforementioned fair values of
unlisted stocks could decrease/increase the Company’s profit (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2018 by NT$309 million and by NT$241 million, respectively.

F-120

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2019
Category of equity securities   Valuation technique   Significant unobservable inputs   Quantitative information   Interrelationship between inputs and fair value   Sensitivity analysis of interrelationship between inputs and
fair value
Unlisted stock   Market Approach   Discount for lack of marketability   0%~50%   The greater degree of lack of marketability, the lower the estimated fair value is
determined.   A change of 5% in the discount for lack of marketability of the aforementioned fair values of
unlisted stocks could decrease/increase the Company’s profit (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2019 by NT$267 million and NT$191 million, respectively, and decrease/increase the Company’s other comprehensive income
(loss) for the year ended December 31, 2019 by NT$87 million.

b.   Assets and liabilities not recorded at fair value but for which fair value is disclosed:

The fair value of bonds payable is estimated by the market price or using a valuation model. The model uses market-based observable inputs
including share price, volatility, credit spread and risk-free interest rates. The fair value of long-term loans is determined using discounted cash flow model, based on the Company’s current incremental borrowing rates of similar loans.

The fair values of the Company’s short-term financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, refundable deposits,
other financial assets-current, short-term loans, payables and guarantee deposits approximate their carrying amount due to their maturities within one year.

F-121

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2018

Fair value measurements during reporting period using
Items   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Carrying amount
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Bonds payables (current portion included)   $   41,714,368   $   23,929,019   $   17,785,349   $   —   $   41,378,182
Long-term loans (current portion included)   30,826,215   —   30,826,215   —   30,826,215

As of December 31, 2019

Fair value measurements during reporting period using
Items   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Carrying amount
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Bonds payables (current portion included)   $   39,571,920   $   21,347,047   $   18,224,873   $   —   $   38,781,416
Long-term loans (current portion included)   33,902,074   —   33,902,074   —   33,902,074

12.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

(1)   The Company determined its operating segments based on business activities with discrete financial information
regularly reported through the Company’s internal reporting protocols to the Company’s chief operating decision maker. The Company is organized into business units based on its products and services. As of December 31, 2019, the
Company had the following segments: wafer fabrication and new business. There were no material differences between the accounting policies described in Note 4 and those applied by the operating segments. The primary operating activity of the wafer
fabrication segment is the manufacture of chips to the design specifications of our customers by using our own proprietary processes and techniques. The Company maintains a diversified customer base across industries, including communication,
consumer electronics, computer, memory and others, while continuing to focus on manufacturing for high growth, large volume applications, including networking, telecommunications, internet, multimedia, PCs and graphics. New business segment
primarily includes researching, developing, manufacturing, and providing solar energy.

F-122

Table of Contents

Reportable segment information for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019
were as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2017
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination (Note)   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Operating revenues from external customers   $   148,939,836   $   344,870   $   149,284,706   $   —   $   149,284,706
Operating revenues from sales among intersegments   —   13,600   13,600   (13,600   )   —
Segment net income (loss), net of tax   6,728,620   (665,895   )   6,062,725   616,504   6,679,229
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment   44,229,488   6,788   44,236,276   —   44,236,276
Depreciation   50,737,240   227,880   50,965,120   —   50,965,120
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures   (258,959   )   (32,619   )   (291,578   )   449,415   157,837
Income tax expense (benefit)   1,167,154   3   1,167,157   (174,676   )   992,481
Impairment loss   632,207   318,128   950,335   —   950,335

F-123

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2018
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination (Note)   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Operating revenues from external customers   $   151,023,932   $   228,639   $   151,252,571   $   —   $   151,252,571
Operating revenues from sales among intersegments   —   19,290   19,290   (19,290   )   —
Segment net income (loss), net of tax   2,688,331   (602,809   )   2,085,522   1,162,275   3,247,797
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment   19,589,770   305   19,590,075   —   19,590,075
Depreciation   49,777,242   171,347   49,948,589   —   49,948,589
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures   (1,201,986   )   (23,245   )   (1,225,231   )   608,566   (616,665   )
Income tax expense (benefit)   (456,058   )   (2,595   )   (458,653   )   (671,224   )   (1,129,877   )
Impairment loss   46,225   —   46,225   —   46,225

F-124

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2019
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination (Note)   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Operating revenues from external customers   $   148,123,306   $   78,335   $   148,201,641   $   —   $   148,201,641
Segment net income (loss), net of tax   6,156,681   (442,365   )   5,714,316   (1,138,066   )   4,576,250
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment   16,518,483   —   16,518,483   —   16,518,483
Acquisition of intangible assets   2,443,593   —   2,443,593   —   2,443,593
Cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liability   614,845   18,643   633,488   —   633,488
Depreciation   47,038,876   134,005   47,172,881   —   47,172,881
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures   733,044   —   733,044   (617,715   )   115,329
Income tax expense (benefit)   (414,104   )   20,974   (393,130   )   623,476   230,346
Impairment loss   33,160   84,974   118,134   —   118,134

As of December 31, 2018
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination (Note)   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Segment assets   $   363,529,040   $   1,263,368   $   364,792,408   $   (2,195,179   )   $   362,597,229
Segment liabilities   $   157,000,054   $   1,068,722   $   158,068,776   $   130,970   $   158,199,746

F-125

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2019
Wafer Fabrication   New Business   Subtotal   Adjustment and Elimination (Note)   Consolidated
NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Segment assets   $   369,189,983   $   924,149   $   370,114,132   $   (3,852,439   )   $   366,261,693
Segment liabilities   $   161,955,970   $   1,157,878   $   163,113,848   $   233,930   $   163,347,778

Note:   The adjustments primarily consisted of intragroup elimination entries and GAAP difference adjustments.

(2)   Geographic information

Non-current
 assets

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Taiwan   $   90,046,190   $   73,481,714
Singapore   16,881,746   15,191,880
China (includes Hong Kong)   73,627,957   63,622,327
USA   31,919   70,498
Europe   155,489   24,383
Japan   232   12,265,769
Others   —   3,309
Total   $   180,743,533   $   164,659,880

Non-current
 assets include property, plant and equipment,
right-of-use
 assets, intangible assets, prepayment for equipment and other noncurrent assets.

F-126

Table of Contents

(3)   Major customers

Individual customers accounting for at least 10% of operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were as
follows:

For the years ended December 31,
2017   2018   2019
NT$   NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Customer A from wafer fabrication segment   $   15,632,722   $   15,357,470   $   17,576,293

13.   CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios
to support its business and maximize the stockholders’ value. The Company also ensures its ability to operate continuously to provide returns to stockholders and the interests of other related parties, while maintaining the optimal capital
structure to reduce costs of capital.

To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to
stockholders, return capital to stockholders, issue new shares or dispose assets to redeem liabilities.

Similar to its peers, the Company
monitors its capital based on debt to capital ratio. The ratio is calculated as the Company’s net debt divided by its total capital. The net debt is derived by taking the total liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets minus cash and cash
equivalents. The total capital consists of total equity (including capital, additional
paid-in
 capital, retained earnings, other components of equity and
non-controlling

interests) plus net debt.

The Company’s strategy, which is unchanged for the reporting periods, is to maintain a reasonable ratio in
order to raise capital with reasonable cost. The debt to capital ratios as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows:

As of December 31,
2018   2019
NT$   NT$
(In Thousands)   (In Thousands)
Total liabilities   $   158,199,746   $   163,347,778
Less: Cash and cash equivalents   (83,661,739   )   (95,492,477   )
Net debt   74,538,007   67,855,301
Total equity   204,397,483   202,913,915
Total capital   $   278,935,490   $   270,769,216
Debt to capital ratios   26.72%   25.06%

F-127
