Annual Report
2022
ACN 146 287 809
Contents

Chairman’s Letter                                                            2
Chief Executive Officer’s Letter                                             4
Project Overview                                                             6
ESG in Focus                                                                 11
Tenement Schedule                                                            21
Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement                                 23
Competent Person Statements                                                 27
Directors’ Report                                                            31
Financial Report                                                             61
ASX Additional Information                                                  109
Corporate Information                                                       111




This Annual Report covers Core Lithium Ltd (“Core”, the “Parent” or the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to as “the Group”.
The financial report is presented in the Australian dollars.

The open pit mining and crushing plant and equipment shown in the photos
and images in this report are not assets of the Company.

Core is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia.
Its registered office and principal place of business is:

Core Lithium Ltd
Level 5, 149 Flinders Street
ADELAIDE South Australia 5000
Australia’s
Newest
Lithium
Producer
Developing one of Australia’s most
capital-efficient and lowest-cost
spodumene lithium projects; the Finniss
Lithium Project, located near Darwin
Port in the Northern Territory, Australia.




                   Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   1
           Chairman’s Letter

                                         Dear Shareholder,

                                         Financial Year 2022 has been a pivotal year for Core, marked by
                                         the transformation from mineral explorer to early-stage project
                                         developer to our pending status as Australia’s next lithium
                                         producer. Following the completion of a Definitive Feasibility
                                         Study (DFS) for the Finniss project in July 2021, Core successfully
                                         equity funded the Finniss Lithium Project (Finniss or Project). With
                                         this funding in place, the Core board made the Final Investment
                                         Decision (FID) to proceed with construction of the Project. We
                                         are achieving each milestone and are on track to achieve the first
                                         production from Project by the end of the year.

           The progress on site at Finniss has been remarkable, with mining well underway and the
           commencement of construction of the crushing and dense media separation facilities.
           Importantly, we have been able to achieve this progress despite the impact of the ongoing
           COVID-19 pandemic and against the backdrop of an increasingly competitive market in the
           Australian mining industry, which has made accessing labour, services and equipment an
           increasing challenge across the resources sector. Despite our progress at Finniss, Financial Year
           2022 has been a challenging year with the ongoing effects of COVID-19. We continue to monitor
           and manage potential COVID-19 implications for the Finniss construction and other activities.

           Throughout the year, Core has anticipated, navigated and responded to the Company’s
           challenges as we seek to become Australia’s next lithium producer. Operating safely has been
           essential to the success of our business. We are committed to the health, safety and welfare of
           employees, contractors and visitors to ensure we provide a safe workplace.

           We are pleased to have begun constructing the Finniss Project, which capitalises on our mining
           expertise and the Project’s unique position to support the growing global demand for electric
           vehicle battery materials. The Finniss lithium project will make a crucial contribution to global
           efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

           The performance of the Company and the Project will continue to be subject to international
           commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, competitive factors and seasonal outcomes.
           The Company will focus on continuing its strong performance, developing the Project and
           investigating capacity expansion opportunities at Finniss.

           The DFS and recent Reserve and Resource upgrades showed that Finniss has the potential to
           support a 12-year mine life with plenty of exploration upside. It should also be remembered
           that our 10.6Mt lithium Ore Reserve Estimate grading 1.3% Li2O has been estimated using a
           US$1,250/t CIF China 6% spodumene price, which is over $4,000/t lower than current realised
           spot price.

           While Core’s performance over a particular year is important – and it is fair to say that this is
           the principal focus of market commentators and company analysts – it is frankly not what
           drives your Board and management team. Instead, we are focused on the long term. Short-
           term performance is invariably affected by events outside the Company’s control, such as the
           COVID-19 pandemic and high inflation. Long-term corporate success requires the Company to
           invest in growth activities.

           In parallel with the Finniss construction activity, Core aims to grow the inventory and mine
           life at Finniss. We believe this two-pronged strategy will maximise the creation of shareholder
           value, particularly as it will enable us to leverage the infrastructure we will have in place. We are
           pursuing an aggressive exploration campaign at and around Finniss to help grow the inventory
           and extend mine life.

           In addition, over the coming year, we expect to make significant progress towards establishing
           new mining areas at Finniss and maintaining an active exploration program across our
           tenement portfolio. We hold over 500km2 square kilometres of tenure prospective for lithium


2   Core Lithium Chairman’s Letter
and have significant areas of prospective pegmatites within that area. Very little exploration
work has been undertaken outside the old workings, and we have started targeting and drilling
in several areas. We are very conscious that a new lithium discovery within trucking distance of
the processing facilities would generate significant value for the company. Regionally more than
20 priority targets have been identified and will be explored aggressively in the coming year.

We look forward to undertaking an extensive infill and extensional drilling program at BP33,
Ah Hoys, Carlton and Hang Gong over the next 12 months to allow further updates to the
current resource and, in due course, completion of further reserve updates. We are excited
about the long-term potential of the Project to host a long-life mining operation.

We have successfully attracted experienced and proven management, development, and
operations teams given the Project’s proximity to Darwin. The quality of our people allows
Core to build and operate the Project efficiently and cost-effectively, which should generate
significant shareholder value in the years to come. I want to thank all Core management, staff
and contractors for what has been achieved in a short time to date and look forward to their
effort to see the Project successfully developed and brought into production.

Last month the Board appointed Gareth Manderson as the Chief Executive Officer to oversee
the growth of the Company and its projects. Gareth has 28 years’ experience in the mining and
minerals sector and joins Core after having served in various leadership and technical roles
within mining giant Rio Tinto for more than 22 years.

As we look ahead to the coming financial year, Core occupies a relatively unique growth space
in the Australian lithium sector as a near-term producer with a high-grade lithium resource
and infrastructure advantages at Finniss. We will continue to focus on company growth and
shareholder value creation.

I want to acknowledge again the efforts of our team members for their contribution during
a very demanding year. The results delivered in the last year could not have been achieved
without the Senior Management Team going above and beyond regularly. The team has
reorganised the business to support the development and growth of Finniss. All this was
achieved while safely managing the many complexities and challenges associated with the
COVID-19 environment. This is a strong endorsement of the capabilities of Core’s senior team.
I also want to sincerely thank all Core employees for their efforts across the year. We greatly
appreciate the continued commitment and endeavours of the team at Core and the support
of our customers and suppliers. Finally, I would like to thank my fellow Board Members for their
commitment and dedication to making this great company what it is today. Again, I must say
how genuinely pleased I am with how the Board and Management have responded to the last
year’s challenges.

We know the future will continue to present challenges, but I am confident that Core’s best
years lie ahead. I am confident that the considerable amount of hard work being put in
across the business will ultimately be reflected in a re-rating of our share price as we start
production at Finniss and embark on this next exciting chapter of our journey as an Australian
lithium producer.




Greg English
Chairman
Core Lithium Ltd




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022         3
           Chief Executive Officer’s Letter

                                        Dear Shareholder,

                                        It is a privilege to be joining the Core Lithium team at this point
                                        in the development of the business. We are rapidly completing
                                        construction, moving to operations and beginning to think about
                                        the next steps of growth for the business.

                                        I have been impressed by what the Core team have achieved
                                        to date, and the support we have received from shareholders,
                                        customers, suppliers, contractors and the Federal and
                                        Northern Territory Governments.

           The approach to establish a minimum viable project, and in parallel complete the exploration
           work that has underpinned an extension to the mine life, is a credit to the organisation and its
           people. This approach leads to early cash flow and opens up further opportunities as the initial
           operations are established. It is also an indicator of what is possible for an Australian company
           operating in Australia, and in this case specifically the Northern Territory.

           It has also been quite encouraging hearing from the stakeholders that I have met during my
           initial meetings in the Northern Territory, of the support and mutual respect generated through
           the engagement process as the project has developed.

           Core Lithium enjoys great support from our customers with significant offtake secured in the
           initial years of operations and strong interest for currently uncontracted volumes. The global
           decarbonisation objective continues to support the electrification of vehicles and other
           emissions reduction technologies that are driving demand for lithium. This demand coupled
           with continued constrained supply leads to favourable market conditions for our products.
           Essentially the project is moving to production at what appears to be the right time in the
           commodity cycle.

           Working together inside and outside the business the Core Lithium team will continue to build
           an inclusive culture that supports strong safety, operational and financial performance. We will
           also work closely and in partnership with our contractors, suppliers and stakeholders. In this way
           we will build our ESG credentials, contribute to the global transition to a low carbon future and
           in doing so build a great long term business for our shareholders and the communities where
           we operate.




           Gareth Manderson
           Chief Executive Officer
           Core Lithium Ltd




4   Core Lithium Chief Executive Officer’s Letter
Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   5
          Project Overview

          Finniss Lithium Project
          Northern Territory
          100% CXO owned

          Core’s Finniss Lithium Project is                close to a population centre capable of
          one of Australia’s most capital                  providing the workforce for the Project and
          efficient lithium projects                       within easy trucking distance by sealed road
          supported by one of the most                     to the East Arm Port – Australia’s nearest
          efficient logistics chains of any                port to Asia.
          lithium project in Australia
                                                           Key project highlights:
          Company activities in the 2022 financial         – Completion of a DFS in July 2021,
          year were primarily focused on developing
          the board-approved and Finniss Lithium           – $150 million equity raised to fund the
          Project near Darwin in the Northern Territory.     commencement of construction at Finniss
          Development activities and early mining            without the need for debt funding,
          are progressing well, and Core is on track to    – Final Investment Decision (FID) at Finniss
          export first spodumene concentrate in the          followed soon after funding was secured
          first half of the 2023 calendar year.              to commence construction,

          The Finniss Lithium Project is supported         – Construction underway at Finniss and
          by one of the best logistics chains of any         on track for export of first spodumene
          Australian lithium project. The Project has        concentrate in the first half of 2023,
          substantial infrastructure advantages, being




6   Core Lithium Project Overview
– About 80% of spodumene concentrate           – Mining activities at Grants Stage 1
  secured via binding offtake agreements         commenced,
  including a binding offtake with Jiangxi     – Obtained environmental approval for
  Ganfeng Lithium Co., Ltd (Ganfeng),            BP33 underground mine and mine
  the world’s largest lithium producer by        management plan in final approvals stage,
  production capacity.
                                               – Inorganic growth evidenced by a strong
– Increase in high-grade 18.9Mt at               investment in new prospects including six
  1.32% Li2O Mineral Resource and 10.6Mt         highly prospective exploration and mining
  Ore Reserves with an average grade of          leases near the Finniss project, and
  1.3% Li2O supporting a 12-year Life of
  Mine (LOM),                                  – Organic growth exploration success
                                                 which resulted in an increase in Mineral
– Commenced construction of simple               Resources and Ore Reserve and ultimately
  DMS process,                                   extended mine life to 12 years.
– Key contracts awarded including Lucas
  TCS as mining contract, CSI Mining
  Services (CSI) for crushing and screening.
  Primero who are constructing the Dense
  Media Separation (DMS) plant,




                                                        Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   7
          Project Overview continued


          Finniss Lithium Project
          Shortly after FID announcement on 30 September 2021, Core awarded the mining services
          contract to Lucas TCS (Lucas) for the provision of open pit mining and associated civil works,
          and the EPC Contract for the construction of the DMS Plant to Primero Group (Primero).

          Core commenced recruitment of a project management team in the lead up to the Finniss
          FID. Mobilisation and construction activity at Finniss commenced in October with road
          access works, site establishment and construction of communications, fuel and water supply
          infrastructure.

          Mining and Water Infrastructure
          Lucas’ scope of work covered the mining of the Grants open pit Mine and construction of other
          key earthworks infrastructure including clear and grub, topsoil management, pads, roads,
          dumps, dams, bunds and water controls and open pit mining (load and haul plus drill and blast).

          Lucas mobilised a small scraper and ancillary fleet from early October 2021 to undertake an
          early works program primarily to start construction of some key earthworks hardstands, the
          construction of a sealed entrance intersection and new slip lane, the establishment of the
          Erosion and Sediment Control Plan (ESCP) Stage 1 and, start the pre-strip of the Grants open pit.

          The limited scope early works program occurred over the wet season. Specifically, key works
          undertaken included the following key milestones:
          – Completion of the Site to Cox Peninsula Road sealed T-junction and slip lane for the quad
            road train,
          – Completion of a 7km submerged pipeline and associated pipeline route and the installation
            of a temporary pump at Observation Hill Dam,
          – Clearing and grubbing, and topsoil removal and relocation activities,
          – Establishment of the staged topsoil dump,
          – Establishment of the western and eastern inundation bund,
          – Completion of ESCP stage 1 earthworks infrastructure including sediment basin 2 and linked
            temporary drainage networks,
          – Establishment of the mining laydown area, workshop, and temporary fuel facility, and
          – Establishment of the site access, primary and secondary road networks.

          Start of mining pre-strip of Grants Stage 1 open pit commenced with a combination of scrapers
          and dozers. Establishment of the Waste Rock Dump, ROM Pad and Tailings Storage Facility
          footprint was also advanced. Stage 2 of the Grant’s open pit also commenced including
          the selective mining used for dams, road and hardstand capping and explosives magazine
          construction.

          Clearing and grubbing and topsoil removal and relocation activities continued when ground
          conditions were suitably dried out including the Tailings Storage Facility (TSF) footprint,
          explosives magazine compound, and sediment basin 5. Stage 2 ESCP started including
          the construction of sediment basin 1 and completion of sediment basin 2 and remaining
          inundation bund.

          While early activities were affected by a longer-than-anticipated wet season and materially
          higher rainfall, Core has since ramped up activities with the onset of the dry season, and the
          arrival of the mining fleet including excavators to site.




8   Core Lithium Project Overview
Crushing and Process Plant Construction
Primero’s scope includes project management, engineering and detailed design, equipment
and materials procurement, DMS plant construction, quality assurance and construction
verification, and ore commissioning on receipt of first ore.

Earthworks for the DMS plant have been undertaken, and Primero has commenced
construction of the DMS Plant. DMS structural steel was sourced from Shanghai and, due to
COVID-19 restrictions in Shanghai, delays were experienced with the manufacture and delivery
of the structural steel, however Primero has now successfully facilitated the export of the steel,
and installation has commenced.

In May 2022, Core awarded the Finniss Crushing Services Agreement to CSI Mining Services
(CSI). CSI has crushed arguably more spodumene than any other contractor on the globe. Run
of mine ore will be stockpiled prior to feeding into the CSI crusher circuit. The crushed ore will
then be stockpiled before being processed by the DMS plant to make spodumene concentrate
for export. Primero and CSI arrived onsite in May 2022 and June 2022 respectively.

BP33
Environmental approval of the BP33 Underground Mine was another significant milestone and
represented the completion of the Environmental Impact Assessment Process for the proposed
underground mine. The final stage of the approvals process is submission to, and approval of,
a Mining Management Plan (MMP) for the Department of Industry, Tourism and Trade (DITT).
Based on previous experience, Core anticipates that a successful review of the MMP by DITT
could result in a Mining Authorisation for BP33 Underground Mine being provided in the second
half of calendar year 2022.

Core is delighted to be transitioning from developer to the operator of Australia’s next lithium
mine. Development activities are progressing well, and Core is on track to bring Finniss online
by the end of the 2022 calendar year.




                                                             Core Lithium Annual Report 2022         9
           Project Overview continued


           Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
           Core’s systematic and highly successful Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve growth and
           exploration drilling programs in calendar year 2021 led to significant increases to the Finniss
           Project mine life, extending it to 12 years.

           An updated Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve statement (released 12 July 2022 – “Significant
           Increase to Finniss Lithium Project Mineral Resource & Ore Reserves”) was the culmination of
           results from drilling at Finniss undertaken in the 2021 drilling calendar year.

           Table 1. Mineral Resource summary for the Finniss Lithium Project

                                                                        Tonnes            Li2O               Li2O
            Resource Category                                              (Mt)            (%)                 (t)

            Finniss Measured                                               5.60            1.46         82,000

            Finniss Indicated                                              7.69            1.35        103,800

            Finniss Inferred                                               5.57             1.12        62,400

            Total                                                         18.86            1.32       248,200



           The Finniss Mineral Resource increased by 28% to 18.9Mt at 1.32% Li2O.

           Importantly, the higher confidence Measured and Indicated categories increased by 61%,
           bringing the total Measured and Indicated categories to about 70% of the Mineral Resource.

           Estimates for all existing Mineral Resources were updated, as well as the addition of a maiden
           Mineral Resource at the Ah Hoy prospect. Updated Mineral Resource estimates for BP33,
           Carlton, Hang Gong and Lees included additional drilling and re-interpretation. The Sandras
           Mineral Resource estimate represents a re-interpretation and classification of existing data,
           while the estimates for Grants and Booths represent a rereporting of the existing models at the
           lower cut-off grade. All Mineral Resource estimates were reported at a 0.5% Li2O cut-off.

           Table 2. Ore Reserve summary for the Finniss Lithium Project

                                                                        Tonnes            Li2O               Li2O
            Ore Reserve Category                                           (Mt)            (%)               (kt)*

            Finniss Proved                                                  5.5             1.4              74.8

            Finniss Probable                                                 5.1            1.3              68.3

            Total                                                          10.6             1.3          143.0
           * Columns may not total exactly due to rounding


           The Finniss Ore Reserve estimate increased by 43% to 10.6Mt at 1.3% Li2O. This represents a 70%
           increase at BP33 and a 106% increase at Carlton from drilling in the 2021 calendar year.

           The Company’s Ore Reserves are all lithium Ore Reserves located at the Finniss Lithium Project
           in the Northern Territory. The Ore Reserves have increased from 5.7Mt at 1.3% Li2O to 7.4Mt at
           1.3% Li2O as announced by Core on 26 July 2021 as “Stage 1 DFS and Updated Ore Reserves.”




10   Core Lithium Project Overview
ESG in Focus

Core is committed to responsible and sustainable mining. We’re raising our
ambition to be a company that makes a positive contribution to the world
both through our products and our practices.
In 2021-2022, Core formalised its commitment to uphold environmental, social and governance
(ESG) standards across all its activities. We set a goal to conduct low-impact operations
with openness and integrity, while providing a safe and rewarding working environment for
employees, a positive legacy for local communities, and value for our shareholders.

Lithium has a fundamental role to play in shaping the global energy future - a key mineral in the
technological transition ahead. No matter which decarbonisation pathway the world embarks
on, battery energy storage will be key. Batteries are expected to account for 95 percent of
lithium demand by 20301 as the demand for electric vehicles escalates at an exponential rate.
Indeed, the International Energy Agency (IEA) says that around two billion EVs will need to be
on the road by 2050, if the world is to reach net zero2.

At the same time, the mining industry, long thought of as a contributor to environmental and
social problems, is now being valued as a solution. Core will embrace this new role as we begin
to incorporate ESG into all facets of our operations.


Our Journey
As Core prepares for its first export of lithium by the end of the 2022 calendar year, we are ideally
placed to establish a reputation as a supplier of sustainably and ethically sourced minerals.
Preliminary work on ESG aspects of our company has progressed alongside our efforts to take
the Finniss project from exploration to operation. Our ESG priorities are evolving and being
developed in consultation with Core’s customers, the communities in which we operate, and
our own employees.

In 2021-2022, we actively engaged with our stakeholders as we commenced construction at
the Finniss Project. We have prioritised environmental protection and compliance from the
outset, employing a team of Core staff and specialist consultants to establish environmental
management policies and procedures, and to monitor and report on our performance against
our commitments and regulatory requirements.

At the corporate level, in 2021-2022 we have embarked on our journey to establishing an
ESG framework for our company. We have conducted an ESG materiality assessment and
undertaken a review of how our peers are performing in relation to ESG. We have investigated
a range of ESG standards that can support Core in fulfilling its ESG ambitions whilst providing
appropriate avenues for future ESG disclosures.

In 2022-2023, we expect to further evolve down this pathway, complete with a consideration of
goals, targets, progress, and disclosures set within an ESG framework.


Material Issues
Core is committed to actively managing the impacts of its operations. Through a
comprehensive process that mapped both internal and external stakeholder perspectives
against several international and sector specific ESG standards, we’ve identified ten topics as
a focus of our ESG efforts at a project level for this year.

1.   “Lithium mining: How new production technologies could fuel the global EV revolution”, McKinsey & Company, 12 April, 2022
2.   “Net zero by 2050: A roadmap for the global energy sector”, International Energy Agency, Oct 2021



                                                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                   11
           ESG in Focus continued


                                              GHG Emissions

                                              Biodiversity

                                              Environmental Compliance

                                              Water and Effluents Management
              Environmental
                                              Waste and Hazardous Materials Management

                                              Occupational Health and Safety

                                              Non-discrimination and Equal Opportunity

                                              Local Community Impacts and Engagement

                     Social                   Human Rights, Rights of Indigenous Peoples




                                              Corporate Governance

                Governance



           Our Progress
           GHG Emissions
           Core engaged global environmental and sustainability consultants ERM Global to assess
           greenhouse gas emissions from the Finniss Project operations. The assessment evaluated
           Finniss across an estimated mine life of 7.5 years in accordance with the Australian
           Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting scheme. It projected Scope 1 and
           Scope 2 emissions associated with all operations at the mine (land clearing, fuel consumption,
           electricity usage and blasting) as well as Scope 3 emissions from the transport of products and
           consumables, business travel and employee commutes.

           Finniss Project emissions were benchmarked against other lithium mines in Australia.
           This assessment showed that the annual average emission intensity of the Finniss project
           (0.26 t CO2-e per tonne of spodumene concentrate) is aligned with the intensity at the other
           facilities. Of note is that the Finniss had the lowest CO2-e emissions from the transport of lithium
           compared to all other Australian lithium projects with annual transport (scope 3) emissions
           estimated at 7,620 tonnes of CO2-e per3, which is 20%-50% less than our peers transport
           emissions. The Finniss mining operation is located 88 km from the Darwin Port which is a
           relatively short distance between the site, Port of Darwin and existing customers in Asia.

           In 2023, we will disclose Scope 1 and 2 from across our whole company. We will do this through
           a range of activities. The Finniss Project will undergo revegetation as part of its development
           and rehabilitation strategy, restoring the carbon sequestration functions of the natural
           environment and we are considering options related to renewable energy generation and
           utilisation of electric vehicles. Where possible and practicable, we will identify and implement
           energy efficiency measures.




           3.	Scope 3 transport emissions intensity was calculated for the transportation of 167,015 tpa of spodumene concentrate, which was
               the expected average production from the Finniss Project at the time of the estimate. The estimate includes both the trucking
               and shipping of the product.



12   Core Lithium ESG in Focus
Biodiversity
One of Australia’s greatest assets is its biodiversity. Before undertaking any operations in an
area, our team of specialist consultants undertake extensive studies spanning ecology, heritage,
soils and land capability, waste rock characterisation, surface and groundwater, rehabilitation
and mine closure. This is to ensure we understand our environmental risks and can put in
place measures to ensure that we maintain the environmental values in areas surrounding
where we mine.

When designing the Finniss Project, Core has focused on minimising offsite impacts to
terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems. A combination of open cut and underground mining
has reduced our overall site footprint. Additional mines in the project area could share site
infrastructure to increase efficiency and minimise environmental disturbances where possible.

Before commencing works at Finniss Project, Core had already begun planning revegetation
and rehabilitation works for the mine’s end-of-life. We have an approved Mine Closure Plan
that will be revised and updated as our mine develops. We practice progressive landform
rehabilitation to ensure sites are returned to stable and self-sustaining ecosystems once mining
is finished, in accordance with the commitments made in our approved Mine Closure Plans.

We will continue to study and monitor the natural environment to ensure the preservation of
endemic biodiversity values in the areas we operate in.

Environmental Compliance
A major focus of the 2022 financial year was progressing environmental impact assessments
for Finniss operations. In ensuring that we maintained the strictest standards of environmental
compliance we obtained authority from the Northern Territory Environmental Protection
Authority to commence operations. Our comprehensive processes in producing an
Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) were a key part of the approval process.

Water and Effluents Management
Core looks to recycle water dewatered from pits and tailings. We have a surface water
extraction licence in place for harvesting water from an existing mine dam constructed in
the 1980’s, Observation Hill Dam. Core does not extract groundwater from bores for use in
mining production. We will seek to continually improve our water use efficiency and water
management to reduce our demand on external water sources and will monitor and report our
water use in accordance with our licence conditions.

Our mine water management systems are designed by experts taking local climatic extremes
into account. Our systems are designed to minimise discharges and ensure water quality
meet accepted water quality guidelines for the protection of aquatic ecosystems, recreational
and aesthetic values of waterways downstream of where we mine. Core is implementing an
extensive water quality monitoring program, the results of which are reported annually in
accordance with our Mining Authorisations.

Waste and Hazardous Materials Management
Core use a combination of open pit and underground mining techniques to extract the
spodumene. Where we can, we use underground mining as it means a reduction in waste
relative to open pit mining, and a reduced footprint. We are exploring ways to recover more
lithium from tailing materials, which would further reduce waste.

We have implemented an extensive waste rock characterisation program, that has involved
laboratory analysis of many hundreds of samples to detect the presence of acid forming
materials, or other materials that require special management. We have established long-term
kinetic testing programs to assess how the waste rock will react to environmental conditions
when placed in a waste rock dumps. We will continue to test materials as we mine and use this
information to ensure our waste rock is well managed. Our aim is to reduce the risk of offsite
impact or long-term legacy from our waste rock dumps.


                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       13
          ESG in Focus continued


          Occupational Health and Safety
          Safety is a core value of for the Company and we act on the principle that all accidents are
          preventable.

          We work safely and ensure our colleagues do the same. Our Health and Safety Policy details our
          commitment to safety, to working safely in good mental and physical health, and to travelling
          safely to and from work.

          The Core safety management process is based on risk management standards and processes
          including risk and hazard identification, assessment of consequences, and likelihood of impacts.

          Our aim is to reduce risk of significant safety events across our operations.

          During Financial Year 2022 a whistleblower complaint from an employee was reported
          and investigated. Most of the issues raised were unsubstantiated. However, instances of
          unprofessional conduct and a breach of the Company’s code of conduct were substantiated
          and corrective action taken, including additional training, monitoring and awareness raising on
          Core’s expectations of respectful behaviours in the workplace. We will continue to encourage
          reporting and we are committed to taking action. We put the needs of anyone impacted by this
          behaviour at the forefront of our processes and we are committed to validating, caring for and
          supporting anyone in our business who is affected by this behaviour.

          Non-discrimination and Equal Opportunity
          At Core, understanding a diverse workforce helps us to perform at our best. Employees with
          diverse backgrounds and experiences, provide us with new perspectives that allow us to
          innovate. To protect this quality, Core is developing its processes and policies around non-
          discrimination and equal opportunity.

          Increasing diversity over time, not just across our workforce, but also in our leadership positions,
          including the Executive and the Board is front of mind.

          Local Community Impacts and Engagement
          Core aims to give back through employment opportunities, sourcing locally where possible and
          contributing to community initiatives.

          We train and employ members of the local community. As Core does not depend on a ‘fly-in/
          fly-out’ employment arrangement, most employees live in the local area, therefore we have a
          special interest in community investment. Core is proud to be a part of the Darwin community
          and over 80% of our staff at Finniss are Darwin residents.

          Our goal is to maintain support for our local community by creating additional local jobs
          throughout production in addition to the more than 200 jobs already at Finniss.

          Human Rights, Rights of Indigenous Peoples
          We operate on the lands of the Larrakia People, the traditional owners of the Darwin region.
          We actively seek opportunities to consult with the indigenous people of the area through:
          – The Kenbi Rangers
          – Ironbark Aboriginal Corporation
          – Larrakia Nation Aboriginal Corporation
          – Northern Land Council
          – NT Indigenous Business Network
          – Indigenous Women in Mining Resources Association

          Through engagement, we can work together to address local issues, create training
          opportunities, and provide employment.



14   Core Lithium ESG in Focus
Corporate Governance
The Board has adopted the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s “Corporate Governance
Principles and Recommendations - 4th Edition” (ASX Recommendations). The Board continually
monitors and reviews its existing and required policies, charters, and procedures with a view to
ensuring its compliance with the ASX Recommendations to the extent deemed appropriate for
the size of the Company and its operations as an explorer and project developer.

A summary of the Company’s ongoing corporate governance practices is set out annually in the
Company’s Corporate Governance Statement and can be found on the Company’s website at
www.corelithium.com.au/corporate-governance.




                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022     15
           ESG in Focus continued


           Lithium Offtake Agreements
           The Company has continued to receive considerable
           attention from global lithium players interested in
           securing lithium concentrate offtake. This includes
           companies based in the United States, Europe,
           China, South Korea and Japan.

           Offtake Agreements will account for a large
           proportion of production over the first four years
           of production, underpinning the Finniss Lithium
           Projects production profile and enabling Core
           to fast-track development and construction of
           the Finniss Lithium Project during the year.

           In August 2021, Core signed a Binding Offtake and
           share subscription agreement with a subsidiary
           of Jiangxi Ganfeng Lithium Co., Ltd (Ganfeng), the
           world’s largest lithium producer by production
           capacity, for 75,000 tonnes per annum over 4 years.
           In addition, Ganfeng invested A$34 million via
           equity placement into Core at a 10% premium to
           the 10-day VWAP.

           The offtake agreement with Ganfeng, together
           with Core’s existing offtake agreement with
           Yahua, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shenzhen
           stock exchange listed Sichuan Yahua Industrial
           Group Co., Ltd (Yahua). for 75ktpa over four years,
           brings total sales under offtake to about 80%
           of the Finniss Lithium Projects production being
           contracted over the first four years.

           In March 2022, Core and Tesla executed a binding
           term sheet for the supply of 110ktpa of lithium
           spodumene concentrate for four years from Finniss.
           The Term Sheet is subject to both parties completing
           negotiations and the execution of a definitive
           product purchase agreement by 27 August 2022
           which was extended to 26 October 2022.




16   Core Lithium ESG in Focus
Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   17
          ESG in Focus continued


          Focus on Growth
          Core is heavily invested in further growth at the Finniss Lithium Project, and in the Northern Territory.

          Finniss Lithium Project
          Northern Territory
          Drilling programs in the 2021 calendar year have
          resulted in an increase in Mineral Resources and
          mine life extension along with the identification
          of new discoveries. The exploration and drill results
          demonstrate the significant potential to further
          expand and define additional lithium resources
          at the Finniss Lithium Project.

          The growth potential of the Finniss Lithium Project
          was enhanced with the acquisition of 6 Mining
          Licences over historical pegmatite workings.
          Initial drilling results at some of these prospects
          were highly encouraging.

          In addition, a new area of interest has been
          identified in the Penfolds and Sues areas, which
          included a maiden RC drilling intercept and follow
          up exploration activity is in progress.

          Core also believes it has achieved a breakthrough
          in geophysical exploration for pegmatites,
          following a successful trial of Ambient Noise Tomography at BP33. Core is planning further work
          to target blind pegmatite bodies at the Finniss Lithium Project in 2023.

          Early in the reporting period, Core was awarded $6 million from the Federal Government for
          the Modern Manufacturing Initiative (MMI) to assess the feasibility of a lithium chemical plant
          in Darwin and early stage testwork, and feasibility activities are underway. This is a highly
          encouraging early step in Core’s path to assessing the longer-term potential of the Finniss Project.




18   Core Lithium ESG in Focus
Other Projects
Shoobridge Lithium Project
Northern Territory
100% CXO owned

Core acquired the Shoobridge Lithium Project in April 2022. Shoobridge is located about 80km
south-southeast of Finniss near Darwin in the Northern Territory. The Project is located in
Pine Creek Orogen and lies within the Tipperary pegmatite district, including the Shoobridge
pegmatite field and the Plateau Point pegmatite field. Shoobridge pegmatites are considered
analogous to those in the Bynoe pegmatite district and complementary to Core’s lithium
portfolio. Core will be the first company to explore and drill these prospective, potentially
lithium-rich pegmatite systems for lithium mineralisation.

Anningie and Barrow Creek Lithium Projects
Northern Territory
100% CXO owned

Core’s Anningie and Barrow Creek Lithium Projects encompass five exploration licences
covering approximately 2,000km2 in and around the Anningie and Barrow Creek Tin Tantalum
Pegmatite fields in the north Arunta Region of the NT, which are considered highly prospective
for lithium. Core have completed reconnaissance exploration to date, confirming the lithium
potential of these pegmatite fields.

SA Zinc Projects
South Australia
100% CXO owned

Core’s Yerelina Zinc Project, covers a total area of 500km2 in northern South Australia.
The Yerelina Project has the potential to host large stratiform deposits in association with the
known calcareous and reef limestone host facies within the Tapley Hill Formation. Historically,
high grade silver-lead-zinc mineralisation was mined, but no systematic modern exploration
had been undertaken prior to Core’s involvement. Core’s previous drilling at the Great Gladstone
and Big Hill Prospects intersected mineralised carbonate-sulfide breccias, pointing towards
discovery of a new sediment hosted zinc system.

Core’s Mt Freeling Base Metals Project is a northern extension to the Yerelina Project in Northern
South Australia, covering three tenements over 1,000km2. The Project hosts a geological setting
similar to that of Yerelina, but includes Upper Adelaidean and Cambrian sequences. The area
also holds numerous historic base metals workings and prospects; however, very little historical
base metals exploration has been undertaken as the focus on the area has predominately been
on uranium, manganese and diamonds.

Jervois Domain Project
Northern Territory
100% CXO owned

Core’s Jervois Domain project covers three exploration licences in the central Northern
Territory. Drilling from previous reporting periods confirmed the 20km Big-J target zone has
the geology, geophysics and indications of near-surface copper mineralisation consistent with
KGL Resources’ neighbouring Jervois Copper Project on a larger exploration scale.




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022      19
          ESG in Focus continued


          Blueys and inkheart Lead/Silver Project
          Northern Territory
          100% CXO owned

          Core’s Blueys and Inkheart Lead/Silver Project sits within the Bitter Springs Formation and
          covers five exploration licences in the central Northern Territory. The mineralised zones at
          Inkheart are open to the north east, at depth and potentially to the south west. The near-surface
          silver and lead mineralisation at the Blueys Silver Prospect is believed to be enhanced by
          supergene processes with the majority of high-grade mineralisation at the base of oxidation of
          the Bitter Spring Formation sediments.

          Core believes there is potential for further mineralisation over a much larger area within the
          target Bitter Springs Formation geology. This reinforces the tenement-wide and regional
          potential of the Bitter Springs Formation for the discovery of economic precious and
          base‑metal deposits.

          Bynoe Gold Project
          Northern Territory
          100% CXO owned

          The Bynoe Gold Project is located within Core’s flagship Finniss Lithium Project in the Northern
          Territory. Numerous gold targets been generated from early-stage exploration activities and
          Core believes it is well positioned in terms of tenure, easy access, local expertise and gold
          prospectivity to progress the gold exploration potential at both the Bynoe and nearby Adelaide
          River Gold projects.

          Gold-focused activities completed since the start of 2021 have included increasing the number
          of samples in the Finniss Project’s geochemical database by over 25,600. Interpretation of the
          results suggest that the gold mineralisation at Finniss is of a style closely comparable with that
          seen at gold deposits in the Pine Creek Orogen, a gold district with past production and current
          reserves totaling in excess of 18 million ounces.

          Fitton Uranium Project
          South Australia
          100% CXO owned

          Core’s 100% owned Fitton Project is located in a proven world-class uranium mining region,
          500km north of Adelaide in South Australia and is located within 25km of three uranium mines
          – Beverley, Beverly North and Four Mile. As previously reported, Core has made an outstanding
          discovery of shallow, high-grade uranium.

          Napperby Uranium Project
          Northern Territory
          100% CXO owned

          Napperby is an advanced uranium project in the central Northern Territory with an Inferred
          Mineral Resource comprises 9.54Mt at 382ppm U3O 8 for 8.03Mlb of contained U3O 8 at 200ppm
          – U3O 8 cut-off. Only a quarter of the known mineralised area defined by Uranerz in the 1980’s
          at Napperby has been drilled to sufficient density to estimate a Mineral Resource. The larger
          mineralised area (25km x 5km) surrounding, and adjacent to, the deposit has strong potential to
          be converted to a Mineral Resource.




20   Core Lithium ESG in Focus
Tenement
Schedule
as at 30 June 2022




Northern Territory

Tenement Number      Tenement Name                Status              Equity

EL 26848             Walanbanba                   Granted              100%

EL 28029             White Range East             Granted              100%

EL 28136             Blueys                       Granted              100%

EL 29347             Yambla                       Granted              100%

EL 29389             Mt George                    Granted              100%

EL 29580             Jervois East                 Granted              100%

EL 29581             Jervois West                 Granted              100%

EL 29698             Finniss                      Granted              100%

EL 29699             Bynoe                        Granted              100%

EL 30012             Bynoe                        Granted              100%

EL 30015             Bynoe                        Granted              100%

EL 30669             Ross River                   Granted              100%

EL 30793             McLeish                      Granted              100%

EL 31058             Barrow Creek                 Granted              100%

EL 31126             Zola                         Granted              100%

EL 31127             Ringwood                     Granted              100%

EL 31139             Anningie West                Granted              100%

EL 31140             Anningie South               Granted              100%

EL 31145             Barrow Creek North           Granted              100%

EL 31146             Barrow Creek South           Granted              100%

EL 31271             Bynoe                        Granted              100%

EL 31279             Sand Palms                   Granted              100%

EL 31449             Napperby                     Granted              100%

EL 31886             Adelaide River               Granted              100%

EL 32205             Finniss Range                Granted              100%

EL 32392             Ivy                          Granted              100%

EL 32396             Murray Creek                 Granted              100%

EL 31407             Shoobridge                   Granted              100%

MLN16                Bynoe                        Granted              100%

MLN813               Bilatos                      Granted              100%

MLN1148              Centurion                    Granted              100%

ML 29912             Saffums                      Granted              100%

ML 29914             Labelle                      Granted              100%



                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   21
          Tenement Schedule continued


           Northern Territory

           Tenement Number      Tenement Name                      Status    Equity

           ML 29985             Angers                             Granted    100%

           ML 31654             Annie                              Granted    100%

           ML 31726             Grants Mineral Lease               Granted    100%

           ML 32074             Observation Hill Ancillary Lease   Granted    100%

           ML 32346             BP33 Mineral Lease                 Granted    100%

           ML 32278             C5 Dam Ancillary Lease             Granted    100%




           South Australia

           Tenement Number      Tenement Name                      Status    Equity

           EL 6574              Fitton                             Granted    100%

           EL 6038              Mt Freeling                        Granted    100%

           EL 6111              Yerelina                           Granted    100%

           EL 6445              Wyatt Bore                         Granted    100%




22   Core Lithium Tenement Schedule
Mineral Resource
and Ore Reserves
Statement
 30 June 2022              Lithium Mineral Resource (Finniss Lithium Project, Northern Territory)

                                                                Tonnes                  Li2O              Li2O               LiCO3
 Deposit                   Category                                (Mt)                  (%)                (t)                 (t)

 Grants                    Measured                                 1.96                1.50           29,500              74,000

                           Indicated                               0.60                 1.50            9,000               22,300

                           Inferred                                 0.33                1.35            4,400               10,900

                           Total                                   2.89                 1.49           42,900             107,200

 BP33                      Measured                                 1.50                1.52           23,000               56,900

                           Indicated                                 1.19               1.50            17,000             42,000

                           Inferred                                 0.55                1.54            8,000               19,800

                           Total                                   3.24                 1.51          48,000               118,700

 Sandras*                  Inferred                                 1.30                 1.0           13,000               32,100

                           Total                                    1.30                 1.0           13,000               32,100

 Carlton                   Measured                                0.63                 1.31            8,000               19,800

                           Indicated                                1.20                1.21           15,000               37,100

                           Inferred                                  1.19               1.33           16,000               39,600

                           Total                                   3.02                 1.28           39,000              96,500

 Hang Gong                 Indicated                                 1.19                1.3            15,300              37,800

                           Inferred                                0.83                 1.19            9,900              24,500

                           Total                                   2.02                  1.2           25,200              62,300

 Booths & Lees*            Inferred (Lees)                         0.43                  1.3            5,400               13,400

                           Inferred( Lees
                                                                    0.35                 1.2            4,300               10,600
                           South)

                           Inferred
                                                                    1.47                1.06            15,700             38,800
                           (Booths Link)

                           Total                                    2.25                1.13           25,400              62,800

 Finniss Project           Measured                                4.09                 1.48           60,500              150,700

                           Indicated                                4.18                1.36           56,300              139,200

                           Inferred                                6.45                 1.19           76,700              189,700

                           Total                                  14.72                 1.32          193,500             479,600

Note: Totals within this table may have been adjusted slightly to allow for rounding.
Grants, BP33, Carlton and Lees use a 0.75% Li2O cut-off, whereas Hang Gong and Booths/Lees use a 0.7% Li2O cut-off, and Sandras uses
a 0.6% Li2O cut-off.


Subsequent to financial year ended 30 June 2022, Core released a Mineral Resource and Ore
Reserves upgrade. Refer to ASX announcement on 12 July 2022 “Significant increase to Finniss
Lithium Project Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves” for which Mineral Resources are in the
Project Overview section of this Annual Report above.



                                                                                   Core Lithium Annual Report 2022               23
          Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement continued


           30 June 2022                  Lithium Ore Reserve (Finniss Lithium Project, Northern Territory)

                                                                                                                            Contained
                                                                                                  Tonnes            Li2O        metal
           Deposit                       Category                                                    (Mt)            (%)          (kt)

           Open Pit
           Grants                        Proved                                                        1.8           1.5          26.4

                                         Probable                                                     0.3            1.4           4.7

                                         Total                                                         2.1           1.4          31.0

           Hang Gong                     Proved                                                          –             –             –

                                         Probable                                                       1.1          1.2          13.3

                                         Total                                                         1.1           1.2          13.3

           Total Open Pit                Proved                                                        1.8           1.5          26.4

                                         Probable                                                      1.4           1.3          17.9

                                         Total                                                        3.2            1.4          44.3


           Underground
           Grants                        Proved                                                       0.0            1.0           0.2

                                         Probable                                                     0.2            1.5           3.4

                                         Total                                                        0.3            1.4           3.6

           BP33                          Proved                                                        1.3           1.4          18.4

                                         Probable                                                      1.0           1.4          13.8

                                         Total                                                        2.3            1.4          32.2

           Carlton                       Proved                                                       0.6            1.2            7.1

                                         Probable                                                      1.0           1.0          10.7

                                         Total                                                         1.6            1.1         17.8

           Total                         Proved                                                        1.9           1.3          25.7
           underground
                                         Probable                                                     2.3            1.2          27.8

                                         Total                                                        4.2            1.3          53.6

           Total all mining              Proved                                                       3.8            1.4          52.1
           methods
                                         Probable                                                     3.7            1.2          45.8

                                         Total                                                        7.4            1.3          97.9

          Note: Totals within this table may have been adjusted slightly to allow for rounding.


          Subsequent to financial year ended 30 June 2022, Core released a Mineral Resource and Ore
          Reserves upgrade. Refer to ASX announcement on 12 July 2022 “Significant increase to Finniss
          Lithium Project Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves” for which Ore Reserves are in the Project
          Overview section of this Annual Report above.


                                                                Inferred Uranium Mineral Resource
           30 June 2022                                         (Napperby Uranium Project, Northern Territory)

           Ore tonnage                                                   Grade                      Metal         Metal      Vanadium
           (Mt)                                                     (U3O8 ppm)                    (U3O8 t)    (U3O8 Mlb)    (V2O2 ppm)

           9.54                                                               382                   3,643           8.03          236

          Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate for Napperby Uranium Deposit at 200ppm U3O8 cut-off.




24   Core Lithium Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement
 30 June 2021               Lithium Mineral Resource (Finniss Lithium Project, Northern Territory)

                                                                Tonnes                  Li2O              Li2O              LiCO3
 Deposit                    Category                               (Mt)                  (%)                (t)                (t)

 Grants                     Measured                                1.09                1.48            16,100              39,815

                            Indicated                               0.82                1.54           12,600               31,160

                            Inferred                                0.98                1.43           14,000              34,622

                            Total                                   2.89                1.48          42,700              105,597

 BP33                       Measured                                1.50                1.52           23,000              56,879

                            Indicated                                1.19                1.5           17,000               42,041

                            Inferred                                0.55                1.54            8,000               19,784

                            Total                                   3.24                1.51          48,000              118,704

 Sandras                    Inferred                                1.30                 1.0           13,000               32,149

                            Total                                   1.30                 1.0           13,000               32,149

 Carlton                    Measured                                0.63                1.31            8,000               19,784

                            Indicated                               1.20                1.21           15,000               37,095

                            Inferred                                 1.19               1.33           16,000              39,568

                            Total                                   3.02                1.28          39,000               96,447

 Hang Gong                  Indicated                                1.19                1.3           15,300               37,837

                            Inferred                                0.83                1.19            9,900              24,483

                            Total                                   2.02                 1.2           25,200              62,320

 Booths & Lees              Inferred (Lees)                         0.43                 1.3            5,400               13,354

                            Inferred
                                                                    0.35                 1.2            4,300               10,634
                            (Lees South)

                            Inferred
                                                                     1.47               1.06           15,700              38,826
                            (Booths/Lees link)

                            Total                                   2.25                 1.3          25,400               62,814

 Total                      Measured                                3.22                1.47           47,100              116,478

                            Indicated                              4.40                 1.37          59,900               148,133

                            Inferred                                7.10                1.22          86,300              213,420

 Finniss Project            Total                                  14.72                1.32          193,300             478,031

Note: Totals within this table may have been adjusted slightly to allow for rounding.
Grants, BP33, Carlton and Lees use a 0.75% Li2O cut-off, whereas Hang Gong and Booths/Lees use a 0.7% Li2O cut-off, and Sandras uses
a 0.6% Li2O cut-off.




                                                                                   Core Lithium Annual Report 2022               25
          Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement continued


           30 June 2021                  Lithium Ore Reserve (Finniss Lithium Project, Northern Territory)

                                                                                                                           Contained
                                                                                                  Tonnes           Li2O        metal
           Deposit                       Category                                                    (Mt)           (%)          (kt)

           Grants                        Proved                                                        1.0          1.4          14.9

                                         Probable                                                     0.8           1.5           11.6

                                         Total                                                         1.8          1.5          26.5

           BP33                          Proved                                                        1.3          1.4          18.4

                                         Probable                                                      1.0          1.4          13.2

                                         Total                                                        2.3           1.4          31.5

           Carlton                       Proved                                                       0.6           1.2            7.1

                                         Probable                                                      1.0          1.0          10.6

                                         Total                                                         1.6           1.1         17.8

           Total all mining              Proved                                                       2.9           1.4          40.4
           methods                       Probable                                                     2.8           1.3          35.4

           Finniss project               Total                                                        5.7           1.3          75.8

          Note: Totals within this table may have been adjusted slightly to allow for rounding.



                                                                Inferred Uranium Mineral Resource
           30 June 2021                                         (Napperby Uranium Project, Northern Territory)

                                                                          Grade                     Metal        Metal      Vanadium
           Ore tonnage (Mt)                                          (U3O8 ppm)                   (U3O8 t)   (U3O8 Mlb)    (V2O2 ppm)

           9.54                                                                382                  3,643          8.03          236

          Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate for Napperby Uranium Deposit at 200ppm U3O8 cut-off.




26   Core Lithium Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves Statement
Competent Person
Statements
This Report has been approved by and is based on and fairly represents, information and
supporting documentation prepared by Dr Graeme McDonald as it relates to the 2021 and
2022 Mineral Resource Summary. The information in this release that relates to the Estimation
and Reporting of Mineral Resources is based on, and fairly represents, information and
supporting documents compiled by Dr McDonald (BSc (Hons) Geol, PhD). Dr McDonald is
the Resources Manager for Core Lithium Ltd. Dr McDonald is a member of the Australasian
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience with the style of mineralisation,
deposit type under consideration and to the activities undertaken to qualify as a Competent
Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves” (The JORC Code). Dr McDonald consents to the
inclusion in this Report of the contained technical information relating to the Mineral Resource
Estimation in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this release that relates to the estimation and reporting of Ore Reserves
and Mineral Resources for the Finniss Lithium Project was first reported by the Company on
12 July 2022. The information in this release that relates to production targets and forecast
financial information for the Finniss Project was first reported by the Company on 26 July 2021.
Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included in those announcements and that all material assumptions and technical
parameters underpinning the, Mineral Resource estimates, Ore Reserve estimates, production
targets and forecast financial information in those announcements (as applicable) continue to
apply and have not materially changed.

This report includes forecast financial information released as “Scoping Study Confirms 10 Year
Lithium Production” on 26 July 2021 and “Scoping Study identifies potential for Lithium Fines”
on 26 July 2021.

Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included in those announcements and that all production targets and forecast
financial information in those announcements continue to apply and have not materially
changed except as updated by the announcement “Significant Increase to Finniss Resources
and Reserves” released on 12 July 2022.

The Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves underpinning the Production Target have been
prepared by competent persons in accordance with the requirements of the JORC code.

The information in this Report that relates to the Estimation and Reporting of open pit and
underground Ore Reserves is based on, and fairly represents, information and supporting
documents compiled and supervised by Mr Blair Duncan. Mr Duncan is the Chief Operating
Officer for Core Lithium Ltd. Mr Duncan is a member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy and has sufficient experience with the style of mineralisation, deposit type under
consideration and to the activities undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined
in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves” (The JORC Code). Mr Duncan consents to the inclusion in this
report of the contained technical information relating to this Ore Reserve Estimate in the form
and context in which it appears.




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022      27
          Competent Person Statements continued


          Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
          Exploration Results included in this Report as cross referenced in the body of this Report.

          Core’s lithium Ore Reserve inventories at 30 June 2022 increased materially from that reported
          at 30 June 2021.

          Core announced a further 30% increase to its Finniss Lithium Project Ore Reserve during the
          year in conjunction with the release of the 26 July 2021 DFS update for the Finniss Lithium
          Project as a result of further underground mine design and planning with a focus on the Grants,
          BP33 and Carlton deposits which allowed for conversion of Measured Mineral Resources to
          Proved Ore Reserves and Indicated Mineral Resources were converted to Probable Ore Reserves
          with the application of modifying factors

          The Company ensures that all Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates are subject to
          appropriate levels of governance and internal controls. Exploration results are collected and
          managed by an independent competent qualified geologist. Core relies on drilling results
          from accredited laboratories in providing assay results used to estimate Mineral Resources
          and Ore Reserves. All data collection activities are conducted to industry standards based on
          a framework of quality assurance and quality control protocols covering all aspects of sample
          collection, topographical and geophysical surveys, drilling, sample preparation, physical and
          chemical analysis and data and sample management.

          The Mineral Resource estimation results in this report as they relate to the Napperby Uranium
          Deposit are based on, and fairly represent, information and supporting documentation reviewed
          by Messrs David Slater and Daniel Guibal. The Mineral Resource estimation was completed by
          Mr Daniel Guibal, who is a Fellow of the AusIMM and an Associate Corporate Consultant of SRK
          Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd. The estimation was peer reviewed by Mr David Slater, who is a
          member of the AusIMM and a full-time employee of SRK Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd.

          Mr Daniel Guibal has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of the mineralisation
          and type of deposit under consideration, and to the activity being undertaken, to qualify as
          Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code.

          Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
          information included in this Report and that all material assumptions and technical parameters
          underpinning the Mineral Resource Estimates in the ASX announcement “Napperby Uranium
          Resource Update and Increase” dated 12 October 2018 continues to apply.

          Reserve estimates are prepared by qualified independent Competent Persons. If there is
          a material change in the estimate of a Mineral Resource or Ore Reserve, the estimate and
          supporting documentation in question is reviewed by a suitable qualified independent
          Competent Persons. The Company reports its Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves on an annual
          basis in accordance with JORC Code 2012.

          Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
          Exploration Results included in this Report released under JORC 2012 as cross referenced in
          the report.




28   Core Lithium Competent Person Statements
Forward-Looking Statements
The Annual Report contains “forward-looking information” that is based on the Company’s
expectations, estimates and projections as of the date on which the statements were made.

This forward-looking information includes, among other things, statements with respect
to feasibility studies, the Company’s business strategy, plan, development, objectives,
performance, outlook, growth, cash flow, projections, targets and expectations, and Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves.

Generally, this forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as ‘outlook’, ‘anticipate’, ‘project’, ‘target’, ‘likely’,’ believe’, ’estimate’, ‘expect’,
’intend’, ’may’, ’would’, ’could’, ’should’, ’scheduled’, ’will’, ’plan’, ’forecast’, ’evolve’ and similar
expressions. Persons reading this presentation are cautioned that such statements are only
predictions, and that the Company’s actual future results or performance may be materially
different.

Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, level of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-
looking information.

Forward-looking information is developed based on assumptions about such risks, uncertainties
and other factors set out herein, including but not limited to general business, economic,
competitive, political and social uncertainties; the actual results of current exploration and
development activities; conclusions of economic evaluations; changes in project parameters as
plans continue to be refined; future prices of lithium; possible variations of ore grade or recovery
rates; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accident, labour
disputes and other risks of the mining industry; and delays in obtaining governmental approvals
or financing or in the completion of development or construction activities.

This list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect forward-looking information. These and
other factors should be considered carefully, and readers should not place undue reliance on
such forward-looking information.

The Company disclaims any intent or obligations to or revise any forward- looking statements
whether as a result of new information, estimates, or options, future events or results or
otherwise, unless required to do so by law. Statements regarding plans with respect to the
Company’s mineral properties may contain forward-looking statements in relation to future
matters that can be only made where the Company has a reasonable basis for making
those statements.




                                                                    Core Lithium Annual Report 2022            29
Directors’
   Report
           Directors’ Report


           Core’s Directors have pleasure in submitting their report on the Company and its subsidiaries,
           for the year ended 30 June 2022.


           Directors
           The names and details of Directors in office at any time during the reporting period are:

           Greg English
           B.E. (Hons) Mining, LLB
           Non-Executive Chairman (appointed 10 September 2010)
           Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
           Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

           EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE
           Greg English is co-founder and Chairman of Core.

           As Chairman of the board he has overseen Core’s transition from a base metals and uranium
           focused minerals exploration company to Australia’s next lithium producer. He has more than
           30 years of mining engineering and legal experience where he has held several senior roles for
           Australian and multinational companies.

           He has received recognition for his work as a lawyer having recently been regularly recognised
           in The Best Lawyers® in Australia, in Commercial Law.

           He is an experienced company director and has served on the boards of ASX listed companies.
           He holds a bachelor’s degree in mining engineering, law degree (LLB) and first class mine
           managers ticket (NT, WA, and SA).

           OTHER CURRENT DIRECTORSHIPS OF LISTED COMPANIES
           Director of Archer Materials Ltd since 16 February 2007 and appointed Executive Chairman on
           1 June 2015.

           OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD IN LISTED COMPANIES IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
           Non-executive Director of Leigh Creek Energy Limited (ASX: LCK) appointed 22 September 2015
           and resigned 22 June 2021.

           INTEREST IN SHARES
           As at the date of this report, 6,265,000 Ordinary Shares held directly and by an entity in which
           Mr English has a beneficial interest.

           INTEREST IN OPTIONS/PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
           As at the date of this report, 5,000,000 unquoted Options.




32   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
Stephen Biggins
MBA, BSc (Hons) Geol, MAusIMM
Managing Director (appointed 10 September 2010 and resigned 25 March 2022 and will step
down from the role before the end of 2022)
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee

EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE
Stephen Biggins has 30 years’ experience as geologist in the mining industry and over 15 years
as the Managing Director of ASX listed mining companies with projects in Australia and
internationally.

He has applied his Honours Degree in Geology and MBA as the Managing Director of
ASX‑listed Southern Gold (ASX: SAU), founding Director of Investigator Resources Ltd (ASX: IVR),
Managing Director of Core Lithium (ASX:CXO) and more recently Stelar Metals (ASX:SLB) to the
management and financing of exploration, resource definition, feasibility, development and
construction in a range of commodities.

Stephen has previously built prospective portfolios of lithium, gold, uranium and base metal
exploration projects in Australia, Asia and Africa.

He has founded 4 ASX companies leading to the successful operation of the Cannon Gold
Mine for Southern Gold Ltd, definition of the Paris Silver Deposit for Investigator Resources Ltd,
Financing and Construction of the Finniss Lithium Project for Core and commencement of
exploration for Stelar Metals Ltd.

OTHER CURRENT DIRECTORSHIPS OF LISTED COMPANIES
Non-Executive Chairman of Stelar Metals Limited (ASX: SLB) listed 2 July 2021.

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD IN LISTED COMPANIES IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
None

INTEREST IN SHARES
As at the date of this report, 7,784,333 Ordinary Shares held by entities in which Mr Biggins has a
beneficial interest.

INTEREST IN OPTIONS/PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
As at the date of this report 4,541,667 unvested unquoted Performance Rights.




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       33
          Directors’ Report continued


          Heath Hellewell
          BSc (Hons) AIG
          Non-Executive Independent Director (appointed 15 September 2014)
          Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
          Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

          EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE
          Heath Hellewell is an exploration geologist with 30 years’ experience in gold, base metals
          and diamond exploration predominantly in Australia and West Africa. Heath has previously
          held senior exploration positions with a number of successful mining and exploration groups
          including DeBeers Australia and Resolute Mining.

          He joined Independence Group in 2000 prior to the Company’s IPO and was part of the team
          that identified and acquired the Tropicana project area, eventually leading to the discovery
          of the Tropicana and Havana gold deposits. Heath was the co-founding Executive Director of
          Doray Minerals, following the discovery of the Andy Well gold deposits, Doray Minerals was
          named “Gold Explorer of the Year” in 2011 by The Gold Mining Journal and in 2014 Heath was
          the co-winner of the prestigious “Prospector of the Year” award, presented by the Association
          of Mining and Exploration Companies.

          More recently Heath was responsible for acquiring the Karlawinda Gold Project through his
          private investment group and the formation of ASX-listed Capricorn Metals Limited.

          OTHER CURRENT DIRECTORSHIPS OF LISTED COMPANIES
          Non-Executive Director of Duketon Mining Ltd (ASX: DKM) appointed 18 November 2014.

          Non-Executive Chairman of DiscovEx Resources Limited (ASX: DCX) appointed 11 March 2021.

          OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD IN LISTED COMPANIES IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
          None

          INTEREST IN SHARES
          None as at the date of this report.

          INTEREST IN OPTIONS/PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
          As at the date of this report, 5,000,000 unquoted Options.




34   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
Malcolm McComas
B. Ec, LLB (Monash)
Non-Executive Independent Director (appointed 17 October 2019)
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE
Malcolm McComas is a private investor and an experienced company director and was
previously an investment banker with leadership roles at several global organisations.
Specifically, he was head of investment banking at County NatWest (now Citi Group) for 10 years
and a director of Grant Samuel for a similar period following earlier roles at Morgan Grenfell
(now Deutsche Bank) in Melbourne, Sydney and London. He has deep experience in equity
capital markets and mergers and acquisitions and has worked across many industry sectors
for companies, institutional investors and governments over a 30 year career in investment
banking. He was previously a lawyer specialising in tax.

He has worked with many growth companies in the resources sector and was most recently
a director of BC Iron, the WA based iron ore producer and Consolidated Minerals, a global
manganese mining company.

OTHER CURRENT DIRECTORSHIPS OF LISTED COMPANIES
Non-executive Director of Pharmaxis Limited (ASX: PXS) appointed July 2003 and Non-executive
Chairman since 1 May 2012.

Non-executive Chairman of Fitzroy River Corporation Limited (ASX: FZR) since
26 November 2012.

Non-executive Director of Actinogen Medical Limited (ASX: ACW) since 4 April 2019.

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS HELD IN LISTED COMPANIES IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
Non-executive Director of Royalco Resources Limited (ASX: RCO) since 1 January 2016 –
amalgamated with Fitzory River on 17 February 2020.

INTEREST IN SHARES
As at the date of this report, 1,448,400 Ordinary Shares held by an entity in which Mr McComas
has a beneficial interest.

INTEREST IN OPTIONS/PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
As at the date of this report, 3,000,000 unquoted Options.




                                                             Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   35
          Directors’ Report continued


          Company Secretary
          Jaroslaw (Jarek) Kopias
          BCom, CPA, AGIA, ACG (CS, CGP)
          Company Secretary (appointed 21 June 2011)

          Jarek Kopias is a Certified Practicing Accountant and Chartered Secretary. Jarek has 25 years
          industry experience in a wide range of financial and secretarial roles within the resources
          industry. As an accountant, he worked in numerous financial roles for companies, specialising
          in the resource sector – including 5 years at WMC Resources Limited’s (now BHP) Olympic Dam
          operations, 5 years at Newmont Mining Corporation – Australia’s corporate office and 5 years
          at oil and gas producer and explorer, Stuart Petroleum Limited (prior to its merger with Senex
          Energy Limited).

          He is currently the CFO and Company Secretary of Resolution Minerals Ltd (ASX: RML) and iTech
          Minerals Ltd (ASX:ITM) and is Company Secretary of Iron Road Ltd (ASX: IRD), Austral Resources
          Australia Ltd (ASX:AR1) and Copper Search Limited (ASX:CUS). He has held similar roles with
          other ASX entities in the past and has other business interests with numerous unlisted entities.


          Directors’ Meetings
          The number of Directors’ meetings held during the reporting period and the number of
          meetings attended by each Director is as follows:

                                                                                                                            Audit and
                                                                                  Board Meetings              Risk Committee Meetings

                                                                                        Meetings                                Meetings
                                                                    Meetings           entitled to           Meetings          entitled to
               Directors                                            attended               attend            attended              attend

               GD English1                                                   18                  18                   2                 3

               SR Biggins                                                    16                  18                   2                 3

               HA Hellewell3                                                 18                  18                   3                 3

               MJ McComas2                                                   17                  18                   3                 3

          1.    Chair of the Board.
          2. Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.
          3. Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee – the Committee met for the first time after reporting date.


          At this time there are no separate Board committees, other than the Audit and Risk Committee
          and Nomination and Remuneration Committee, as all matters usually delegated to such
          committees are handled by the Board as a whole.




36   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
Principal Activities
Core is currently transitioning from developer to producer of lithium from the Finniss Lithium
Project as well as the advancement of strategic prospects in the Northern Territory and
South Australia.

Operating and Financial Review
Our operations are reviewed on pages 6 to 9 and Core Lithium’s financial risk management
is shown on pages 102 to 103. These sections and the information below form part of the
Operating and Financial Review. The net loss of the Group, for the year ended 30 June 2022, was
$7.5 million (2021: $2.9 million).

The key contributor to the increase in the loss for the year was the increase in corporate and
overhead expenditure to support the Group through its transition from a lithium explorer and
developer to Australia’s next lithium producer. Current year expenditure in the Statement of
Profit and Loss primarily represents corporate salaries and wages for the Executive Office and
senior management supporting the development and financing of the Finniss Lithium Project
as well as marketing expenditure incurred in product marketing activities.

During the year Core achieved several key Company and project milestones including
advancing the Finniss Lithium Project into operations as well as enhancing value through
organic growth and mine life extension as well as pursuing inorganic growth through
acquisition of strategic prospective ground alongside Finniss.

Key milestones achieved during the year include:
– Funding of $150 million raised via equity capital markets including a $116 million share
  placement and share purchase plan, and a $34 million equity investment from key offtake
  partner Ganfeng, with whom Core also signed a 4-year offtake agreement to supply
  spodumene concentrate for 75kt per annum;
– Final Investment Decision (FID) in September 2021;
– Award of key contracts including mining services contract to Lucas Total Contract Solutions,
  EPC contract to Primero Group and crushing contracts to CSI;
– Commencement of project construction activities at Finniss in October 2021 including
  establishment of site management and owners’ team, site establishment and water
  infrastructure and site civil works. Construction also commenced on the DMS plant and
  crushing plant including Run-Of-Mine (ROM) pad; and
– Received environmental approval of the BP33 underground mine, Core’s second lithium mine.

Core continued to achieve key milestones in the 2023 financial year with a view to advancing the
development of the Finniss Lithium Project as follows:
– Released an updated Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve statement, increasing mine life to
  12-years and growing the Resource basis to 19.9Mt @ 1.32% Li2O.
– Appointment of new CEO, Gareth Manderson in August 2022. Gareth was most recently
  General Manager of Sustaining Capital and Rio Tinto, where he was instrumental in
  developing a team and structure capable of delivering Rio Tinto’s Iron Ore sustaining capital,
  improvement capital and technology deployment projects across its Pilbara operations in
  regional Western Australia.




                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        37
          Directors’ Report continued


          Material business risks
          The material business risks for the group include:

          Foreign exchange and commodity price
          The financial results and position of the Group are reported in Australian dollars. Lithium
          Spodumene Concentrate is sold principally based on a United stated Dollar (USD) price.
          Accordingly, the Group’s revenues are linked to both the USD commodity price and AUD/
          USD exchange rate. Volatility in the lithium market creates revenue uncertainty and requires
          careful management to ensure that operating cash margins are maintained should there be a
          sustained fall in the AUD lithium price. Spodumene concentrate is not a commodity for which
          hedging or derivative transactions can be used to manage commodity price risk.

          Costs
          Production, cost and capital estimates: The Group prepares estimates of future production,
          operating costs and capital expenditure relating to production at its operations. The ability of
          the Group to achieve production targets or meet operating and capital expenditure estimates
          on a timely basis cannot be assured. The future production and costs of the Group are subject to
          uncertainty for a variety of reasons, including:
          – variances in actual ore mined due to varying estimates of grade, tonnage, dilution,
            metallurgical and other characteristic; revisions of mine plans;
          – changing ground conditions; labour availability and costs; diesel costs; and general
            inflationary pressures being felt across the industry.

          Failure to achieve production, cost or capital estimates, or material increases to costs, could
          have an adverse impact on the Group’s future cash flows, profitability and financial condition.
          The development of estimates is managed by the Group using a budgeting process. Actual
          results are compared with budgets to identify drivers behind discrepancies which may result in
          updates to future estimates.

          Government regulation/licence permits and approvals
          To operate the mines the Group needs to comply with applicable environment, planning laws,
          regulations and permitting requirements. The Group has in place the necessary approvals and
          licences to operate the Grants Open Pit at the Finniss Lithium Project, however there can be
          no assurance that approvals and permits required to commence construction, development or
          operation of future prospects will be obtained.

          Operating risks and hazards
          The Group’s operations, consisting of open pit mining and site construction activities involve
          a degree of risk. The Group’s operations are subject to all the hazards and risks normally
          encountered in the exploration, development, construction, and production phase of an
          operation. This level of operations is subject to hazards such as equipment failure, loss of power,
          fast moving heavy equipment, water, and tailings infrastructure such as retaining dams, rain
          and seismic events which may result in environmental pollution and consequent liability.
          The impact of these events could lead to disruptions in operations and scheduling, increased
          costs, and loss of facilities, which may have a material adverse impact on the group’s results of
          operations, financial condition, license to operate and prospects. These risks are managed by a
          structured operational risk management framework, experienced employees and contractors
          and formalised procedures. The Company also has a comprehensive insurance program
          in place.

          Exploration and development risk
          An ability to sustain or increase the current level of production in the longer term is in part
          dependent on the success of the Group’s exploration activities and development projects,
          and the expansion of existing mining operations, in particular those around the Finniss area.
          The exploration for and development of mineral deposits involve significant risks that even a
          combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not eliminate. While the


38   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
discovery of an ore body may result in substantial rewards, not all exploration activity will lead
to the discovery of economic deposits, and even fewer are ultimately developed into producing
mines. Major expenditure may be required to locate and establish Ore Reserves, to establish
rights to mine the ground, to receive all necessary operating permits, to develop metallurgical
processes and to construct mining and processing facilities at a particular site.

Ore reserves and mineral resources
The Group’s estimates of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are based on different levels
of geological confidence and different degrees of technical and economic evaluation, and
no assurance can be given that anticipated tonnages and grades will be achieved, that the
indicated level of recovery will be realised or that Ore Reserves could be mined or processed
profitably. The quality of any Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimate are a function
of the quantity of available technical data and of the assumptions used in engineering and
geological interpretation and modifying factors affecting economic extraction. Such estimates
are compiled by experienced and appropriately qualified personnel and subsequently reported
by Competent Persons under the JORC Code. Fluctuation in lithium prices, key input costs
to production, as well as the results of additional drilling, and the evaluation of reconciled
production and processing data subsequent to any estimate may require revision of such
estimates.

Actual mineralisation of ore bodies may be different from those predicted, and any material
variation in the estimated Ore Reserves, including metallurgy, grade, dilution, ore loss, or
stripping ratio at the group’s properties may affect the economic viability of its properties, and
this may have a material adverse impact on the group’s results of operations, financial condition,
and prospects. There is also a risk that depletion of reserves will not be offset by discoveries or
acquisitions, or that divestitures of assets will lead to a lower reserve base. The reserve base of
the group may decline if reserves are mined without adequate replacement and the group may
not be able to sustain production beyond the current 12-year mine life.

Climate change
The Group may be impacted by climate related risks including reduced water availability,
extreme weather events, changes to legislation and regulation, reputational risk, and
technological and market changes.

Environmental Legislation
The Group has previously completed an Environmental Impact Statement for the Grants
Lithium Project.

During the year, the company achieved environmental approval for the BP33 Underground Mine
under the NT Environment Protection Act 2019. These approvals include conditions in relation
to the protection of the environment through appropriate storage of dangerous substances,
control of emissions, auditing and reporting obligations and the rehabilitation of disturbed land.

The Group’s exploration activities are subject to various environmental regulations under the
Commonwealth & State Laws of Australia. The majority of its exploration activities involve low
level disturbance associated with exploration drilling programs.

Approvals, licences, hearings and other regulatory requirements are performed, as required, by
the Group’s management for each permit or lease in which the Group has an interest.

There have been no material breaches of the Group’s licences during the reporting period and
all mining, exploration and associated activities have been undertaken in accordance with the
relevant environmental regulations.




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       39
          Directors’ Report continued


          Significant changes in the state of affairs
          There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred
          during the reporting period that have not otherwise been disclosed in this report or the
          financial statements.

          Dividends
          There were no dividends paid or declared during the reporting period or to the date of this
          report.

          Events arising since the end of the reporting date
          On 12 July 2022 Core announced a significant increase to the Finniss Lithium Project Mineral
          Resource and Ore Reserves Estimates. The Mineral Resource Estimate increased by 28% to
          18.9Mt at 1.32% Li2O and the Ore Reserve Estimate increased by 43% to 10.6Mt at 1.3% Li2O.

          On 5 August 2022 Core appointed Gareth Manderson as CEO. Gareth was most recently
          General Manager of Sustaining Capital and Rio Tinto, where he was instrumental in developing
          a team and structure capable of delivering Rio Tinto’s Iron Ore sustaining capital, improvement
          capital and technology deployment projects across their Pilbara operations in regional
          Western Australia.

          No other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the financial year which
          significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of
          those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

          Likely developments
          The likely developments for the Group include the transition from developer to producer
          of lithium from the Finniss Lithium Project as well as the advancement of strategic lithium
          prospects in the Northern Territory. Core continues to identify and evaluate existing and
          potential projects and opportunities that strategically align with the existing projects and unlock
          value for shareholders.

          Core is also focused on investing in organic and inorganic growth activities which complement
          the Finniss Lithium Project with the aim of continuing to increase Mineral Resources and
          Ore Reserves.

          Unissued shares under option
          Unissued ordinary Shares of Core under option at the date of this report are:


                                                                                                         Exercise Price     Number
               Date Options Granted                                                    Expiry Date          of Options    of Options

               29 November 20191                                                     30 June 2023                $0.060   13,000,000

               12 February 20212                                                 12 February 2023                $0.450    11,591,726

               Total options on issue                                                                                     24,591,726

          1.    Vested options issued to Directors as remuneration in FY 2020.
          2. Unquoted options attaching to shares issued under the $40.5 million share placement in February 2021.




40   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
Unissued ordinary shares of the Company subject to vesting and exercise of unquoted
performance rights at the date of this report are:


                                                                          Number of     Vested and
#     Date Rights Granted      KPI Vesting        Expiry Date                Rights     Exercisable

 1    29 November 2019         30 June 2023       30 June 2025               541,667              –

 2    29 November 2019         30 June 2023       30 June 2026             3,250,000              –

 3    20 December 2019         29 December 2021   30 September 2024         250,000            Yes

 4    20 December 2019         29 March 2022      31 December 2024          450,000            Yes

 5    20 December 2019         29 December 2022   30 September 2025         750,000               –

 6    20 December 2019         29 March 2023      31 December 2025         1,750,000              –

 7    20 December 2019         29 March 2024      31 December 2026          500,000               –

 8    30 July 2021             29 March 2023      31 December 2025           180,000              –

 9    30 July 2021             29 March 2024      31 December 2026           180,000              –

 10   30 July 2021             31 December 2024   31 December 2027           180,000              –

 11   26 November 2021         30 June 2023       30 June 2025              750,000               –

 12   10 May 2022              29 December 2022   31 December 2025           134,538              –

 13   10 May 2022              30 March 2023      31 March 2026              185,809              –

 14   10 May 2022              29 July 2023       31 July 2026               102,543              –

 15   10 May 2022             30 September 2023   30 September 2026            51,271             –

 16   10 May 2022             30 November 2023    30 November 2026            57,639              –

 17   10 May 2022             29 December 2023    31 December 2026            57,638              –

      Total performance rights on issue                                     9,371,105



Subsequent to 30 June 2022 a total of 1,000,000 performance rights lapsed as performance
conditions were not met and 3,958,333 performance rights were exercised into ordinary shares
for nil consideration.

These options and rights do not entitle the holders to participate in any dividends or share issue
of the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                            Core Lithium Annual Report 2022      41
          Directors’ Report
          Remuneration Report (Audited)




          The Directors of Core Lithium Ltd present the Remuneration Report in accordance with the
          Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth).

          The Remuneration Report is set out under the following main headings:

          A. Remuneration essentials
          B. Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration
          C. Details of Senior Executive Officer and Non-Executive Director remuneration
          D. Senior Executive Officer and employment arrangements
          E. Non-Executive Directors Fees
          F. Share-based remuneration
          G. Other information


          A. Remuneration Essentials
          What does this Report cover?
          The directors of Core Lithium Ltd present to shareholders the Company’s remuneration report
          in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and its Regulations for the year ended
          30 June 2022 (‘financial year’ or ‘FY22’).

          Who does this Report cover?
          This report sets out the remuneration arrangements for the Company’s Key Management
          Personnel (‘KMP’). The term KMP refers to those persons having authority and responsibility for
          planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including
          any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Group. Throughout the remuneration
          report, KMP are referred to as either Senior Executive Officers or Non-Executive Directors.

          The KMP of the Company are the Board of Directors and Senior Executive Officers, these are
          set out below. All KMP held their positions for the whole of the financial year, unless otherwise
          noted.
          – Greg English – Non-Executive Chairman
          – Heath Hellewell – Non-Executive Director
          – Malcolm McComas – Non-Executive Director
          – Stephen Biggins – Managing Director, resigned 25 March 2022 and will step down from the
            role before the end of 2022
          – Jarek Kopias – Company Secretary
          – Simon Iacopetta – Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
          – Blair Duncan – Chief Operating Officer (COO)

          Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, Gareth Manderson was appointed as the
          Chief Executive Officer (CEO) on 5 August 2022.

          All Non-Executive Directors and the Managing Director are members of the Audit and
          Risk Committee. All Non-Executive Directors are members of the Nomination and
          Remuneration Committee.




42   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Remuneration Governance and Framework

Nomination and Remuneration Committee
In accordance with best practice corporate governance, a Nomination and Remuneration
Committee was formed in December 2021. Refer to Directors details section of the Directors’
report for details of Committee members. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
will hold meetings at least two times a year or more frequently as required. A quorum will be
a majority of the members of the Committee.

Role of the Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Board of Directors (the ‘Board’) is responsible for establishing, and overseeing the
implementation of, the Company’s remuneration policies and frameworks and ensuring
that it is aligned with the objectives of shareholders and the business.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee are responsible for the Group’s remuneration
structure and arrangements and make recommendations to the Board. In particular, the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends to the Board:
– remuneration and arrangements for KMP;
– equity based remuneration plan for KMP and other employees;
– superannuation arrangements for KMP and other employees;
– incentive plans (including equity based plans);
– the Company’s remuneration and incentive policies; and
– whether there is any gender or other bias in remuneration for KMP or other employees.

Use of remuneration consultants and other advisors
The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee seek and consider advice from
independent remuneration consultants to ensure that they have all the relevant information
at their disposal to determine KMP remuneration. Remuneration consultant engagement
is governed by internal protocols that set the parameters around the interaction between
management and consultants to ensure recommendations are free from undue influence
and ensure compliance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

Protocols
Under the protocols adopted by the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
– external consultants/advisors may be appointed as members to the Nomination and
  Remuneration Committee;
– the Nomination and Remuneration Committee must, in deciding whether to approve the
  engagement, have regard to any potential conflicts of interest including factors that may
  influence independence such as previous and future work performed by the Committee and
  any relationships that exist between any Key Management Personnel and the remuneration
  consultant;
– communication between the remuneration consultants and Key Management Personnel
  is restricted to minimise the risk of undue influence on the remuneration consultant; and
– where the consultant/advisor is also engaged to perform work that does not involve the
  provision of a remuneration recommendation, prior approval of the Nomination and
  Remuneration Committee must be obtained.




                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       43
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee use remuneration consultants’
          advice and recommendations from time to time. The Board makes its decisions after it
          considers the issue and the advice from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the
          consultants engaged.

          In the current year, the Company engaged Alto Partners as external consultants to perform a
          review of peer companies to provide guidance in relation to the Company’s remuneration policy
          and reward levels for the Non-Executive Chairman, Non-Executive Directors, Managing Director
          and Senior Executive Officer positions. Alto Partners were paid $20,000 for the remuneration
          recommendations and benchmarking reports. No other services were obtained.

          Alto Partners confirmed any recommendations have been made free from undue influence
          by members of the Group’s KMP. As a consequence, the Directors are satisfied that the
          recommendations were made free from undue influence from any members of the KMP.

          Voting and comments made at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)
          At the 2021 AGM, 96% of the votes received supported the adoption of the remuneration report
          for the year ended 30 June 2021. The Company did not receive any specific feedback at the AGM
          regarding its remuneration practices.


          B. Principles used to determine the nature and amount of
              remuneration
          Remuneration Strategy
          The Company’s remuneration strategy has been designed to align objectives of Key
          Management Personnel with objectives of shareholders and the business, by providing a fixed
          remuneration component and offering specific short-term and long-term incentives through
          the issue of cash performance bonuses, options and/or performance rights. The Board believes
          the remuneration strategy to be appropriate and effective in its ability to attract and retain the
          best Key Management Personnel and Directors to run and manage the Company.

          The Board’s strategy for determining the nature and amount of remuneration for its members
          and other Key Management Personnel of the Company is as follows:

          1.	The remuneration strategy, setting the terms and conditions for the Chief Executive Officer
              and KMP, was developed by the Board. All KMP are remunerated on a consultancy or base
              salary basis based on services provided by each person. The Board annually reviews the
              packages of Key Management Personnel by reference to the Group’s performance, the
              Senior Executive’s performance and comparable information from industry sectors and
              other ASX listed peer companies.

          2.	The Board may exercise discretion in relation to approving incentives, performance bonuses,
              options and performance rights. The strategy is designed to attract the highest calibre
              Key Management Personnel and reward them for performance that seeks to align with
              shareholder interests.

          3.	Key Management Personnel are also entitled to participate in the Company’s Share Option
              Plan and Performance Share Plan as approved by shareholders at the 2019 AGM held on
              28 November 2019.

          4.	The Board strategy is to remunerate Non-Executive Directors at market rates for
              comparable companies for time, commitment and responsibilities. The Board determines
              payments to the Non-Executive Directors and reviews their remuneration annually, based
              on market practice, duties, and accountability. Independent external advice is sought when
              required.




44   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Remuneration strategy objectives
The objective of the Company’s remuneration strategy is to ensure reward for performance is
competitive and appropriate for the results delivered. The framework aligns reward with the
achievement of objectives and the creation of value for shareholders, and it is considered to
conform to the market best practice for the delivery of reward.

In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of Senior Executive
Officers and Non-Executive Director remuneration is separate.

Senior Executive Officer Remuneration
The Company’s remuneration strategy is designed to be competitive and to focus Senior
Executive Officers on executing the Company’s strategy and achieving its business objective to
increase shareholder value.

The Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee are guided by the following
objectives when making decisions regarding Senior Executive Officer remuneration:


                                                   Ensure rewarding
                                                      structure is
                                                     transparent



               Ensure remuneration
               structures are aligned                                                 Attract, motivate and
                 with the long-term                                                    retain high quality
             interests of the Company                                                      individuals
                and its shareholders

                                                    Remuneration
                                                       strategy
                                                      objectives

                                                                                     Incentives are linked to
              Ensure remuneration
                                                                                         the creation of
              structures are fair and
                                                                                      sustainable growth in
                    reasonable
                                                                                       shareholder wealth



                                                  Ensure remuneration
                                                 structures are aligned
                                               with the Company's values
                                                    and expectations




Senior Executive Officers remuneration mixes and components
The Group’s executive remuneration framework is summarised below and includes components
of remuneration which are fixed and also structured in a manner to motivate executives to
deliver sustained returns through a mix of short-term and long-term incentives.


 Fixed remuneration                     Short-term incentive (‘STI’) (at risk)   Long-term incentive (‘LTI’) (at risk)
 Base salary plus superannuation        STI is subject to performance
                                                                                 Granted in performance rights
 and other benefits                     targets for the reporting period

                                                                                 Maximum 60% of fixed
                                        Maximum 50% of fixed
                                                                                 remuneration for other
 Maximum of 100% of base salary         remuneration for the CEO and 40%
                                                                                 Senior Executive Officers and 50%
                                        for other Senior Executive Officers
                                                                                 for the CEO

                                                                                 Vesting conditions include
 Influenced by role requirements,                                                individual milestones along with
                                        Based on the achievement of set
 individual skills, qualifications,                                              increase in shareholder value
                                        milestones
 experience, and performance                                                     relative to an industry peer group
                                                                                 for the CEO

                                        Performance generally measured           Performance generally measured
 Reviewed annually
                                        over 12 months                           longer than 12 months




                                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022           45
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          Fixed remuneration
          A Senior Executive Officer’s fixed remuneration comprises base salary and employer
          superannuation contributions and other components as the Company and the individual agree
          provided that no extra cost is incurred by the Company for these benefits.

          Fixed remuneration is reviewed annually by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
          with reference to the Group’s performance, the individual’s performance, and comparable
          information from industry sectors and other ASX listed peer companies.

          No changes to the fixed remuneration approach were implemented during the financial year.

          Short-term incentive (STI)
          The STI plan component is delivered in the form of performance cash bonus if the performance
          conditions for the financial year are achieved. STI performance conditions are set between the
          Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the individual Senior Executive
          Officer and are set against key milestones as determined by the Board and Nomination and
          Remuneration Committee.

          The Board recognises the need to motivate, attract and retain employees to deliver excellent
          business performance. During the current year, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
          will continue to engage with remuneration consultants and advisors as necessary for provide
          guidance and peer review analysis.

          Performance conditions are based on the achievement of milestones set by the Board and
          Nomination and Remuneration Committee. These performance conditions are generally
          measured over a 12-month period and are reviewed annually.

          Long-term incentive (LTI)
          The Board believes that an LTI plan can:
          – focus and motivate Executives to achieve longer term outperformance outcomes;
          – ensure that business decisions and strategic planning considering the Company’s long-term
            performance;
          – be consistent with contemporary remuneration governance standards and guidelines;
          – be consistent and competitive with current practices of comparable companies; and
          – create an immediate ownership mindset among the Executives, aligning them with
            shareholders by linking a substantial portion of their potential total reward to the Company’s
            shareholder returns.

          The LTI plan is granted using performance rights under the Performance Share Plan.
          The performance rights vested will expire after three years.

          Performance conditions include individual Senior Executive Officer milestones along with a
          total shareholder return measure relative to an industry peer group for the Managing Director.
          These performance conditions cover periods beyond 12 months and are reviewed at least
          annually.

          Non-Executive Director Remuneration
          In remunerating Non-Executive Directors, the Company aims to ensure that it can attract and
          retain qualified and experienced directors having regard to:
          – the specific responsibilities and requirements for the Board;
          – comparative roles in the external market; and
          – the size and complexity of the Company’s operations.




46   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
 Current Performance Based Remuneration Strategy
 The current remuneration strategy has been tailored to align the interests of shareholders,
 directors, and other key management personnel. Currently, this is facilitated through short‑term
 and long-term performance-based incentives through the payment of cash performance
 bonuses and through the issue of options and/or performance rights to key management
 personnel that encourages the alignment of personal and shareholder interests. The Company
 believes that this strategy has been effective in increasing shareholder wealth to date.

 The Board has increased the proportion of performance-based incentives to key management
 personnel over the last 5 years. During the financial year, the Board established a Nomination
 and Remuneration Committee who are now tasked with setting appropriate fixed and at-risk
 performance-based remuneration structures. To this point, STI remuneration is currently under
 review by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the 2023 financial year. The LTI
 remuneration beyond those currently issued to Senior Executive Officers is also under review for
 the 2023 calendar year and beyond.

 Consequences of Performance on Shareholder Wealth
 In considering the Group’s performance and benefits for shareholder wealth to date, the
 Board had regard to the following indices in respect of the current financial year and the
 previous four (4) financial years:


       Item                                                  2022                   2021               2020                2019            2018

       Net loss for the year ($)                        7,465,674           2,912,254              4,386,412        2,404,217         2,094,330

       Loss per share (cents)                                (0.47)              (0.27)                (0.55)              (0.36)          (0.43)

       Shareholders’ Equity ($)                       238,724,755           71,314,461           33,567,860        29,863,066         26,197,379

       Number of issued shares
                                                      1,732,611,716       1,174,117,254         969,692,791        778,191,657       633,591,657
       – end of year

       Share price
                                                                95.5                24.0                 4.5                4.0               4.7
       – end of the year (cents)

       Market capitalisation
                                                           1,654.6               281.8                  43.6                 31.1          29.8
       – end of year ($m)



                              Core Lithium Ltd Share Price Performance 2022 Financial Year
              $1.80                                                                                                                    120.0m


              $1.60
                                                                                                                                       100.0m
              $1.40


              $1.20                                                                                                                    80.0m




$ per Share                                                                                                                                     million shares
              $1.00
                                                                                                                                       60.0m
              $0.80


              $0.60                                                                                                                    40.0m


              $0.40
                                                                                                                                       20.0m
              $0.20


              $0.00                                                                                                                    0.0m
                  Jul 21   Aug 21   Sep 21   Oct 21    Nov 21    Dec 21    Jan 22     Feb 22 Mar 22      Apr 22   May 22    Jun 22
                                                       Trading Volume (RHS)                Share price (LHS)




                                                                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                 47
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          C. Details of Senior Executive Officer and Non-Executive
              Director Remuneration
          Details of the nature and amount of each element of the remuneration of the Company’s Key
          Management Personnel (KMP) are shown below:

          Directors and Other Key Management Personnel Remuneration


                                                                                                                          Short-Term Benefits


                                                                          Salary            Contract        Annual Leave
                                                                        and Fees           Payments          Entitlement4                 Bonus3
               2022                                                            $                   $                   $                      $

               Non-Executive Directors

               G English6                                                  127,318                   —                      —                   —

               H Hellewell2                                                     —               53,758                      —                   —

               M McComas      2
                                                                                —               52,753                      —                   —

               Executive Director

               S Biggins                                                  362,935                    —                 38,515            100,000

               Other Key Management Personnel4

               B Duncan                                                  394,432                     —               26,564               85,000

               S Iacopetta                                               336,682                     —                 22,102             95,000

               J Kopias2
                                                                                —               95,917                                          —

           Total                                                        1,221,367             202,428                  87,181            280,000

          1.    Expense recognised for performance rights and options issued to KMP in accordance with the vesting terms.
          2. Contract payments are made to associated entities of KMP.
          3. Short term cash incentive bonuses at the discretion of the Board based on milestones achieved for performance targets during the
             reporting period. Bonuses were paid in August, October, and November 2021.
          4. Leave entitlements are calculated using the KMP’s provision year on year, being the net accrued and taken during the year.
          5. During the year, nil (2021: nil) options and 750,000 (2021: 250,000) performance rights were issued as remuneration to KMP. The share-
             based payments expense is recognised at fair value over the vesting period for options and performance rights granted.
          6. In addition to Chairman’s fees during the year G English also received additional exertion payments associated with the CEO/
             Managing Director transition.


          Remuneration mix for the Senior Executive Officers is shown below for the 2022 financial year.

                                                             2022 Remuneration Mix

                                                                          6%                                                7%
                      16%
                                                                  14%
                                  2%
                                                                                                                 18%


                           S. Biggins                                   B. Duncan                                        S. Iacopetta


                                             82%                                        79%                                               75%




                 Fixed Rem             STI  LTI              Fixed Rem       STI    LTI                    Fixed Rem       STI     LTI




48   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Post-Employment     Other Long-Term    Share-based
        Benefits            Benefits     Payments

                        Long Service    Options and
                               Leave   Performance
 Superannuation         Entitlement4        Rights1,5         Total         At Risk
              $                    $              $              $                %



           12,732                 —               —         140,050              —

              —                   —               —          53,758              —

              —                   —               —          52,753              —



          23,568              86,496          12,456        623,970              18



          23,568              24,613           37,147       591,324              20

          23,568              12,904          34,407        524,663              25

              —                   —               —          95,917              —

          83,436             124,013          84,010      2,082,435              17




                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   49
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          Director and Other Key Management Personnel Remuneration


                                                                                                                           Short-Term Benefits


                                                                           Salary           Contract           Annual Leave
                                                                         and Fees          Payments             Entitlement5              Bonus3
               2021                                                             $                  $                      $                   $

               Non-Executive Directors

               G English                                                   54,795                    —                      —                   —

               H Hellewell2                                                     —               40,333                      —                   —

               M McComas2                                                       —               40,201                      —                   —

               Executive Director

               S Biggins                                                  263,006                    —                   6,615                  —

               Other Key Management Personnel4

               B Duncan                                                   265,065                    —                   (999)            35,000

               S Iacopetta                                                264,306                    —                  13,007            30,000

               J Kopias 2
                                                                                —               65,149                                          —

               Total                                                      847,172              145,683                  18,623            65,000

          1.    Expense recognised for performance rights and options issued to KMP over the vesting period.
          2. Contract payments are made are made to associated entities of KMP.
          3. Short-term cash incentive bonuses for achievement of performance targets for the reporting period and paid in July and August 2021.
          4. The Commercial Marketing Manager and Exploration Manager ceased to meet the definition of a Key Management Personnel from
             1 July 2020.
          5. Leave entitlements are calculated using the KMP’s provision year on year, being the net accrued and taken during the year.


          Remuneration mix for the Senior Executive Officers is shown below for the 2021 financial year.

                                                             2021 Remuneration Mix


                                                                          8%                                              12%
                       17%
                                                                   10%
                                                                                                                   8%


                            S. Biggins                                   B. Duncan                                        S. Iacopetta


                                         83%                                            82%                                               80%




                 Fixed Rem  STI         LTI                   Fixed Rem      STI  LTI                        Fixed Rem     STI  LTI




50   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Post-Employment     Other Long-Term    Share-based
        Benefits            Benefits     Payments

                        Long Service    Options and
                               Leave   Performance
 Superannuation         Entitlement5         Rights1          Total        At Risk
              $                    $              $              $               %



           5,205                  —               —         60,000               —

              —                   —               —         40,333               —

              —                   —               —         40,201               —



          21,694               7,549          62,316        361,180              17



           19,636              5,729         29,436        353,867               18

          21,694               3,241          45,816       378,064               20

              —                                   —          65,149              —

          68,229              16,519         137,568      1,298,794              16




                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022   51
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          D. Senior Executive Officers and employment arrangements
          Remuneration and other terms of employment for the Executive Director and other KMP are
          formalised in service or contract agreements. The major provisions of the agreements relating
          to remuneration are set out below:


                                                                 Base               Unit of         Term of             Notice       Termination
               Name                Position              Remuneration3             Measure       Agreement              Period1         Benefits

               S Biggins2          Managing                       $381,818            Salary     Permanent              Three        Long service
                                   Director                                                                            months        leave payout

               G Manderson4        Chief Executive                $692,957            Salary     Permanent               Four                 None
                                   Officer                                                                             months

               B Duncan            Chief Operating               $420,000             Salary     Permanent              Three                 None
                                   Officer                                                                             months

               S Iacopetta         Chief Financial               $350,000             Salary     Permanent              Three                 None
                                   Officer                                                                             months

               J Kopias            Company                        Variable      Hourly rate      As required             One                  None
                                   Secretary                                      contract                              month

          1.    To be given by the employee or by the Company.
          2. S Biggins is employed on a 4 days per week basis and resigned 25 March 2022 – see ASX announcement “Resignation of Managing
             Director Stephen Biggins”. S Biggins will step down from the role before the end of 2022. S Biggins will be paid out the equivalent of
             long service leave accrued for service period with the company upon termination.
          3. Base remuneration is exclusive of superannuation benefits. Senior executives are paid superannuation at the current superannuation
             rate under the Super Guarantee Act unless otherwise stated. For FY22 this was 10% G Manderson superannuation is capped at the
             maximum contribution base in accordance with the Superannuation Guarantee (administration) Act 1992 (Cth).
          4. G Manderson commenced 8 August 2022.



          E. Non-Executive Directors Fees
          Non-Executive Directors receive a fixed fee remuneration. The maximum aggregate amount of
          fees that can be paid to non‑executive Directors is subject to approval by shareholders at the
          Annual General Meeting (currently $700,000).

          During the 2022 financial year, a review of Directors’ fees was undertaken, and fees increased
          to $170,000 per annum (previously $60,000) for the Non-Executive Chairman and $110,000
          per annum (previously $40,000) for Non-Executive Directors. The fixed remuneration rates are
          inclusive of base salary, superannuation and any guarantee benefits (excluding termination
          benefits) and do not include any incentives.

          Fees for Non-Executive Directors are not linked to the performance of the Group, except in
          relation to share based remuneration. To align Directors’ interests with shareholder interests,
          the Directors are encouraged to hold shares in the Company and are able to participate in the
          Company’s Share Option Plan and Performance Share Plan. No share-based incentives were
          offered to the Directors during the 2022 financial year. All Directors (including the Chairman)
          are entitled to be reimbursed for travel and other expenses properly incurred by them in
          attending any meeting or otherwise in connection with the business or affairs of the Company,
          in accordance with the Company’s constitution.




52   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
F. Share-based remuneration
All options refer to a right to subscribe for one fully paid ordinary share in the Company, under
the terms of the option. There were no options convertible to ordinary shares in the Company
that were granted as remuneration to each KMP during the year. All performance rights refer to
a performance right to convert one right to one ordinary share in the Company, under the terms
of the performance rights. Details of performance rights convertible to ordinary shares in the
Company that were granted as remuneration to each KMP during the year are set out below:


 2022                                                                                                  Last         Expiry
 Performance      Number         Grant                                                              Vesting     Date Upon
 Rights           Granted         Date        Fair Value at Grant Date1       Vesting Criteria        Date         Vesting

                                                               Full value
 Granted                                         $/right               ($)

 S Biggins        750,000    26/11/2021             0.54        405,000         Commercial       30/06/2023    30/06/2025
                                                                                 production
                                                                                  (within 18
                                                                              months of FID)


The fair value at grant date is determined based using a valuation methodology as disclosed in
the notes to the financial statements.

Shareholdings of Key Management Personnel
The number of ordinary shares of the Company held, directly, indirectly, or beneficially, by
each Director and Key Management Personnel, including their personally related entities as at
reporting date:


 2022
 Key Management                  Held at                   Sale of   Options/Rights                                Held at
 Personnel                  30 June 2021                   Shares         Exercised       Other Change        30 June 2022

 G English                     6,265,000                       —                    —                 —          6,265,000

 M McComas                     1,448,400             (2,000,000)             2,000,000                —          1,448,400

 S Biggins                     8,206,347             (12,328,679)             9,198,332               —          5,076,000

 B Duncan                                 —            (750,000)              750,000                 —                 —

 S Iacopetta                     650,000             (1,900,000)             1,250,000                —                 —

 J Kopias                        884,685               (884,685)                    —                 —                 —

 Total                        17,454,432            (17,863,364)             13,198,332               —         12,789,400




                                                                             Core Lithium Annual Report 2022            53
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          Option Holdings of Key Management Personnel
          The number of options over ordinary shares in the Company held, directly, indirectly, or
          beneficially, by each specified Director and KMP, including their personally related entities
          as at reporting date, is as follows:

          Options

               2022                                                                                                              Vested and
               Key                                                                                                    Held at    Exercisable
               Management             Held at        Granted           Lapsed    Exercised             Other         30 June      at 30 June
               Personnel1        30 June 2021     during Year      during Year during Year2           Change            2022            2022

               G English            5,000,000                —                —                —           —       5,000,000       5,000,000

               H Hellewell          5,000,000                —                —                —           —       5,000,000       5,000,000

               M McComas            5,000,000                —                —      (2,000,000)           —       3,000,000       3,000,000

               S Biggins            5,000,000                —                —      (5,000,000)           —                —               —

               Total              20,000,000                 —                —      (7,000,000)           —     13,000,000       13,000,000

          1.    Represents issue of options as approved by shareholders at the 2019 AGM and issued under the Company’s Share Option Plan.
          2. Options exercised during the period has an exercise price of 6 cents per share.


          Performance right holdings of key management personnel
          The number of performance rights over ordinary shares in the Company held, directly, indirectly,
          or beneficially, by each specified Director and KMP, including their personally related entities as
          at reporting date, is as follows:


               2022                                                                                                              Vested and
               Key                                                                                                    Held at    Exercisable
               Management             Held at        Granted           Lapsed         Exercised        Other         30 June      at 30 June
               Personnel         30 June 2021     during Year      during Year      during Year       Change            2022            2022

               S Biggins2            11,916,666       750,0001        (1,218,334)     (4,198,332)          —       7,250,000                —

               B Duncan3            3,500,000                —        (250,000)        (750,000)           —       2,500,000         500,000

               S Iacopetta          3,500,000                —          (50,000)      (1,250,000)          —       2,200,000         700,000

               Total                18,916,666        750,000        (1,518,334)      (6,198,332)          —      11,950,000       1,200,000

          1.    Represents issue of performance rights as approved by shareholders at the 2021 AGM and issued under the Company’s Performance
                Share Plan.
          2. Subsequent to year end, of the 30 June 2022 performance rights held, 2,708,333 vested.
          3. Subsequent to year end, of the 30 June 2022 performance rights held, 500,000 vested.




54   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Performance conditions attached to Performance Rights on issue to KMP:


                                     Grant          Performance                           Held at
     Performance Condition1          Date           Period         Expiry Date       30 June 2022         Vesting Outcome

     10 year mine life               29 Nov-19      To 30 Jun-22   30 Jun 2025             541,666       Vested post FY 2022

     Total Shareholder return
                                                    1 Jul-21 to
     (TSR) relative to peer          29 Nov-19                     30 Jun 2025           1,625,000       Vested post FY 2022
                                                    30 Jun-22
     group of 20 companies2

     Maintain Minimum
                                     29 Nov-19      To 30 Jun-22   30 Jun 2025             541,667       Vested post FY 2022
     $15m Cash

     Commercial Production
                                     29 Nov-19      To 30 Jun-22   30 Jun 2025             541,667                Unvested
     within 18 months of FID

     TSR relative to peer group                     1 Jul-22 to
                                29 Nov-19                          30 Jun 2026          3,250,000                 Unvested
     of 20 companies.                               30 Jun-23

     Commercial Production
                                     26 Nov-21      To 30 Jun-22   30 Jun 2025            750,000                 Unvested
     within 18 months of FID

     10 year mine life               20 Dec-19      To 30 Jun-22   30 Jun 2025            500,000        Vested post FY 2022

     Commence Construction                                                                                   Vested during
                              20 Dec-19             To 29 Dec-21   30 Sep 2024            750,000
     (within 3 months of FID)                                                                                       FY 2022

     First shipment
                                     20 Dec-19      To 29 Dec-22   30 Sep 2025            500,000                 Unvested
     (within 15 months of FID)

     Maintain debt covenant
                                     20 Dec-19      To 29 Dec-22   30 Sep 2025            250,000                 Unvested
     ratios

     Commercial Production
                                     20 Dec-19      To 29 Mar-23   31 Dec 2025            750,000                 Unvested
     within 18 months of FID

     Meeting commercial
     production within FID           20 Dec-19      To 29 Mar-23   31 Dec 2025            250,000                 Unvested
     budget

     Production 125kt
                                     20 Dec-19      To 29 Mar-24   31 Dec 2026            500,000                 Unvested
     within 12 months FID

     Available working capital                      29 Sep-21 to                                             Vested during
                                     20 Dec-19                     31 Dec 2024            250,000
     of at least $15M                               29 Mar-22                                                       FY 2022

                                                    29 Sep-21 to                                             Vested during
     FID Schedule and Budget 20 Dec-19                             31 Dec 2024            200,000
                                                    29 Mar-22                                                       FY 2022

     Available working                              30 Mar-22 to
                                     20 Dec-19                     31 Dec 2025            500,000                 Unvested
     capital of at least $15M                       29 Mar-23

     FID Schedule and                               30 Mar-22 to
                                     20 Dec-19                     31 Dec 2025            250,000                 Unvested
     Budget                                         29 Mar-23

     Total                                                                              11,950,000

1.    All Performance rights include service conditions.
2. TSR performance hurdle is determined in accordance with the table below:



     TSR of Core Relative to TSRs of Constituents of the
     nominated peer group shown below                              Proportion of Performance Right that Vest

     Below 50th percentile                                         Nil

     50th percentile                                               50%

     Between 50th percentile and 75th percentile                   Straight line in vesting between 50% and 100%




                                                                              Core Lithium Annual Report 2022             55
          Directors’ Report continued
          Remuneration Report (Audited)

          The nominated peer group of companies is shown in the table below.


               Company                                                             Company

               Core Lithium Ltd                                                    Liontown Resources Limited

               Argosy Minerals Limited                                             Lithium Australia Ltd

               Allkem Ltd (formerly Orocobre Ltd & Galaxy Resources
                                                                                   Lithium Consolidated Ltd
               Ltd)

               AVZ Minerals Limited                                                Lithium Power International Ltd

               European Lithium Ltd                                                Mineral Resources Limited

               European Metals Holdings Ltd                                        Neometals Ltd

               Firefinch Limited (formerly Mali Lithium)                           Piedmont Lithium Ltd

               Galan Lithium Ltd                                                   Pilbara Minerals Ltd

               Infinity Lithium Corporation Ltd                                    Prospect Resources Ltd

               Lepidico Ltd                                                        Sayona Mining Ltd




          G. Other information
          Transactions with Key Management Personnel
          Transactions with key management personnel and related parties as disclosed below are made
          on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates. Outstanding balances are
          unsecured and are repayable in cash.

          Amounts paid to Director related entities:


                                           Relationship to Key Management               Services                          2022     2021
               Related party               Personnel/Director                           provided                             $        $

               Piper Aldeman1              A business of which G English                Legal fees                   10,207        9,158
                                           is a consultant

               Neogold Enterprises         A company of which H Hellewell               Director’s fees              53,758       40,333
               Pty Ltd 2                   holds a beneficial interest

               McComas Capital             A company of which M McComas                 Director’s fees              52,753       40,201
               Pty Ltd3                    holds a beneficial interest

               Kopias Consulting4          A business of which J Kopias                 Consulting                       95,917   65,149
                                           is a Director                                fees

          1.    The toal amount of fees due to Piper Alderman as at 30 June 202 was $nil (2021 $nil).
          2. The total amount of fees due to Neogold Enterprises Pty Ltd as at 30 June 2022 was $9,252 (2021: $3,330).
          3. The total amount of fees due to McComas Capital Pty Ltd as at 30 June 2022 was $nil (2021: $3,333).
          4. The total amount of fees due to Kopias Consulting as at 30 June 2022 was $7,160 (2021: $4,583).



          END OF AUDITED REMUNERATION REPORT




56   Core Lithium Directors’ Report Remuneration Report (Audited)
Rounding of Amounts
The Group is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’. Amounts in this report have
been rounded off in accordance with that Corporations Instrument to the nearest dollar.

Indemnities Given and Insurance Premiums Paid to Auditors and Officers
During the financial year, the Company paid a premium to insure officers of the Group.
The officers of the Group covered by the insurance policy include all officers.

The liabilities insured are legal costs that may be incurred in defending civil or criminal
proceedings that may be brought against the officers in their capacity as officers of the Group,
and any other payments arising from liabilities incurred by the officers in connection with such
proceedings, other than where such liabilities arise out of conduct involving a willful breach of
duty by the officers or the improper use by the officers of their position or of information to gain
advantage for themselves or someone else to cause detriment to the Group.

Details of the amount of the premium paid in respect of the insurance policies is not disclosed
as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

The Group has not otherwise, during or since the end of the reporting period, except to the
extent permitted by law, indemnified or agreed to indemnity any current or former officer or
auditor of the Group against a liability incurred as such by an officer or auditor.

Non-Audit Services
During the reporting period Grant Thornton performed certain other services in addition to its
statutory duties.

The Board has considered the non-audit services provided during the reporting period by the
auditor and is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services is compatible with, and did
not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

The non-audit services do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor
independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did
not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-
making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks
and rewards.

Details of the amounts paid to the auditors of the Company and its related practices for audit
and non-audit services provided during the reporting period are set out in note 21 to the
Financial Statements.

A copy of the Auditor’s Independence Declaration as required under s307C of the Corporations
Act 2001 (Cth) is included on page 59 of this Financial Report and forms part of this
Directors’ Report.




                                                            Core Lithium Annual Report 2022      57
          Directors’ Report continued


          Proceedings on Behalf of the Company
          No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for
          leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company or intervene in any proceedings to which
          the Company is a party, for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all
          or any part of those proceedings.

          Corporate Governance
          The Board has adopted the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s “Corporate Governance
          Principles and Recommendations - 4th Edition” (ASX Recommendations). The Board continually
          monitors and reviews its existing and required policies, charters, and procedures with a view to
          ensuring its compliance with the ASX Recommendations to the extent deemed appropriate for
          the size of the Company and its operations as an explorer and project developer.

          A summary of the Company’s ongoing corporate governance practices is set out annually in the
          Company’s Corporate Governance Statement and can be found on the Company’s website at
          www.corelithium.com.au/corporate-governance.

          Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




          Greg English
          Non-Executive Chairman

          27 September 2022




58   Core Lithium Directors’ Report
Auditor’s Independence
Declaration




                                                                                                                     Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd
                                                                                                                     Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                     Level 3
                                                                                                                     170 Frome Street
                                                                                                                     Adelaide SA 5000
                                                                                                                     GPO Box 1270
                                                                                                                     Adelaide SA 5001
                                                                                                                     T +61 8 8372 6666




   Auditor’s Independence Declaration
   To the Directors of Core Lithium Ltd
   In accordance with the requirements of section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, as lead auditor for the audit
   of Core Lithium Ltd for the year ended 30 June 2022, I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, there
   have been:
   a   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
       audit; and
   b   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




   GRANT THORNTON AUDIT PTY LTD
   Chartered Accountants




   J L Humphrey
   Partner – Audit & Assurance

   Adelaide, 27 September 2022




   www.grantthornton.com.au
   ACN-130 913 594

   Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594 a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 ACN 127 556 389.
   ‘Grant Thornton’ refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients and/or
   refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Limited is a member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd (GTIL).
   GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are delivered by the member
   firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one another and are not liable for one
   another’s acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term ‘Grant Thornton’ may refer to Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127
   556 389 ACN 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards
   Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                 #8422554v1w




                                                                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                                  59
Financial Report

CONTENTS

Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income   62


Statement of financial position                              63


Statement of changes in equity                               64


Statement of cash flows                                      65


Notes to the consolidated financial statements               66


Directors’ Declaration                                       104


Independent Auditor’s Report                                 105
          Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
          For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                      Notes               $                $
           Interest income                                                          358,410           66,320

           Grant income                                                                   —          249,037

           Employee benefits expense                                  12(b)       (3,453,412)     (1,110,839)

           Exploration and evaluation expense                                        (27,154)         (91,592)

           Depreciation expense                                         7            (116,128)       (136,810)

           Share-based payments expense                               15(a)         (159,029)        (317,137)

           Other expenses                                             12(a)       (4,068,361)     (1,571,233)

           Loss before tax                                                       (7,465,674)     (2,912,254)

           Income tax benefit/(expense)                                13                 —                —

           Loss for the year                                                     (7,465,674)     (2,912,254)

           Other comprehensive income for the year                                        —                —

           Total comprehensive loss for the year                                 (7,465,674)     (2,912,254)

           Earnings per share

           Basic and diluted Loss – cents per share                    16              (0.47)           (0.27)


          This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




62   Core Lithium Financial Report
Statement of financial position
As at 30 June 2022

                                                                             2022              2021
                                                            Notes               $                 $

 ASSETS

 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents                                    1        135,197,639    38,107,642

 Trade and other receivables                                  2         2,554,674           114,989

 Other financial assets                                       3           190,069           80,250

 Other assets                                                4            538,328            73,180

 Inventories                                                  5            176,557               —

 Total current assets                                                 138,657,267     38,376,061

 Non-current assets

 Other assets                                                4          12,513,666          793,027

 Exploration and evaluation assets                            6         40,153,774    33,718,808

 Plant, equipment, and mine development assets                7        70,528,508           305,971

 Total non-current assets                                              123,195,948    34,817,806

Total Assets                                                           261,853,215    73,193,867

LIABILITIES

Current liabilities

Trade and other payables                                      8         14,038,732         1,575,891

Other liabilities                                             9         2,368,263                —

Lease liabilities                                            10          1,189,422           57,433

Provisions                                                   11           690,263           136,088

Total current liabilities                                              18,286,680          1,769,412

Non-current liabilities

Lease liabilities                                            10           896,834           44,908

Provisions                                                   11         3,944,946            65,086

Total non-current liabilities                                           4,841,780          109,994

Total Liabilities                                                      23,128,460      1,879,406

Net Assets                                                            238,724,755      71,314,461

EQUITY

Issued capital                                               14       265,668,360     90,606,910

Reserves                                                     15           453,890           652,522

Accumulated losses                                                     (27,397,495)   (19,944,971)

Total Equity                                                          238,724,755      71,314,461


This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                         Core Lithium Annual Report 2022          63
          Statement of changes in equity
          For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                Accumulated
                                                                    Issued capital              Reserves             losses              Total equity
               2022                                                             $                      $                  $                         $
               Balance at beginning of year                             90,606,910                652,522            (19,944,971)           71,314,461

               Issue of shares – share placement                       124,875,464                       —                     —          124,875,464
               Issue of shares – Shares Purchase Plan
               (SPP)                                                    25,000,003                       —                     —          25,000,003
               Issue costs                                                 (6,813,811)                   —                     —             (6,813,811)

               Performance rights and options issued
                                                                                   —                172,161                    —                172,161
               to officers and employees

               Lapse of options and performance
                                                                                   —               (26,283)                13,150               (13,133)
               rights1, 2

               Exercise of options                                        31,750,761               (95,477)                    —            31,655,283

               Exercise of performance rights                               249,033              (249,033)                     —                     —

               Transactions with owners                                 175,061,450               (198,632)                13,150         174,875,968

               Comprehensive income:
               Total profit or loss                                                —                     —           (7,465,674)            (7,465,674)
               Total other comprehensive income                                    —                     —                     —                     —
               Balance 30 June 2022                                   265,668,360                453,890            (27,397,495)         238,724,755


                                                                                                                Accumulated
                                                                    Issued capital              Reserves             losses              Total equity
               2021                                                             $                      $                  $                         $
               Balance at beginning of year                              49,856,210               746,536           (17,034,886)           33,567,860

               Issue of shares – share placement                         41,563,283                      —                     —           41,563,283
               Issue of shares – consideration to
               consultants                                                   75,000                      —                     —               75,000
               Issue costs                                               (2,435,076)                     —                     —           (2,435,076)

               Performance rights and options issued
                                                                                   —              245,983                      —              245,983
               to officers and employees

               Lapse of options and performance
                                                                                   —                (6,016)                 2,169               (3,847)
               rights1, 2

               Exercise of options                                         1,516,896             (303,384)                     —              1,213,512

               Exercise of performance rights                                30,597                (30,597)                    —                     —

               Transactions with owners                                 40,750,700                 (94,014)                 2,169         40,658,855

               Comprehensive income:
               Total profit or loss                                                —                     —            (2,912,254)           (2,912,254)

               Total other comprehensive income                                    —                     —                     —                     —
               Balance 30 June 2021                                     90,606,910                652,522           (19,944,971)            71,314,461

          1.    A portion of performance rights issued in the financial year, forfeited in the same period and as such have been recognised in the
                Statement of Profit or Loss.
          2. A portion of performance rights issued in previous periods lapsed in the financial year, and as such were transferred to accumulated losses.


          This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




64   Core Lithium Financial Report
Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                    Notes              $              $

 Operating activities

 Interest received                                                                358,410         66,320

 Payments to suppliers and employees                                           (6,578,149)    (2,658,386)

 Proceeds from grant funding                                                           —        249,006

 Net cash used in operating activities                              12(c)      (6,219,739)    (2,343,060)

 Investing activities

 Payments for plant, equipment, and mine development assets                    (51,391,795)     (140,663)

Payments for capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure               (17,826,562)    (7,859,586)

Government co-funding grants received                                           2,490,818             —

Payments for other financial assets                                              (109,819)       (50,000)

Payments for environmental and security bonds                                  (3,720,639)      (374,491)

Net cash used in investing activities                                         (70,557,997)    (8,424,740)

Financing activities

Proceeds from issue of share capital                                          149,875,467     41,563,283

Proceeds from exercise of options                                              31,655,283       1,213,512

Payments of share issue transaction costs                                      (6,813,636)    (2,455,035)

Payments of lease liabilities                                                    (849,381)      (125,837)

Net cash from financing activities                                            173,867,733     40,195,923

Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                       97,089,997      29,428,123

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                         38,107,642      8,679,519

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                      1       135,197,639     38,107,642


This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                  Core Lithium Annual Report 2022     65
          Notes to the consolidated
          financial statements
          for the year ended 30 June 2022


          Note disclosures are split into four sections shown below to enable a better understanding of
          how the Group performed.

          The accounting policies and critical accounting estimates applied in the preparation of the
          financial statements have been included within the relevant section as appropriate.




             Key Numbers                                 Capital
             1.   Cash and cash equivalents              14. Issued capital
             2.   Trade and other receivables            15. Reserves and share based payments
             3.   Other financial assets                 16. Earnings per share
             4. Other assets
             5.   Inventories
             6.	Exploration and evaluation assets       Company Structure
             7.	Plant, equipment, and mine              17. Investments in controlled entities
                 development assets                      18. Parent entity information
             8.   Trade and other payables               19. Operating segments
             9.   Other liabilities                      20. Related party transactions
             10. Lease liabilities
             11. Provisions
             12. Operational activities                  Additional Disclosures
             13. Income tax benefit/(expense)            21 Auditors remuneration
                                                         22. Commitments and contingencies
                                                         23.	Events arising since the end of the
                                                              reporting date
                                                         24. Statement of significant accounting policies
                                                         25.	Financial risk management and capital
                                                              management




66   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Key Numbers
1. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include the following:

                                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                                              $                  $

 Cash at bank                                                                                      135,197,639           38,107,642

 Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                   135,197,639           38,107,642

 (a)	
     The above figures are reconciled to cash at the end of the financial year
     as shown in the Statement of Cash Flows as follows:

        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  135,197,639           38,107,642

        Total per the Statement of Cash Flows                                                      135,197,639           38,107,642


Cash at bank earns a floating interest rate based on the at call daily rate.

                     Cash movements ($ million) for the 12 months to June 2022
250.0

                                                  0.4

200.0                                 31.7
                                                            54.9
                                                                           9.5
                                                                                        5.9
                                                                                                     0.2          7.5
150.0


                      143.1
100.0

                                                                                                                             135.2
 50.0

            38.1
  0.0
          Opening     Capital      45c Share     Other    Finniss     Exploration   Tenement        Other      Other        Closing
          Balance      Raise        Option      income    Lithium     Expenditure   Acquisition     Plant &   Expenses      Balance
                    Funds (net)   Conversion              Project                     Costs       Equipment
                                  Funds (net)            Operations




2. Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables include the following:

                                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                                              $                  $

 GST receivable                                                                                      2,306,164               97,164

 Other receivables                                                                                    248,510                17,825

 Total Trade and other receivables                                                                  2,554,674               114,989


Trade and other receivables arise when the Group provides money, goods or services directly to
a debtor with no intention of selling the receivables. They are included in current assets, except
for those with maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting date which are classified as
non-current assets.

Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently carried at
amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. Gains and
losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are
included in profit or loss. No receivables are considered past due and/or impaired at year end.



                                                                                 Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                 67
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          3. Other financial assets
          Other financial assets include the following:

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                              $               $

           Term deposits                                                                 190,069         80,250
           Total other financial assets                                                 190,069         80,250


          An amount of $190,069 (2021: $80,250) of short-term deposits are in place and are held as
          security for bank guarantees. These guarantees primarily relate to a bond for corporate head
          office under a rent agreement and also an environmental rehabilitation security bond over
          property referred to in the Call Option Deed, noted in note 6 (a) and note 22. As the maturity
          term when entering into the deposits was greater than three months they have been
          recognised as a financial asset held at amortised cost. Interest is earned on a fixed interest rate
          and received at maturity.

          4. Other assets
          Other assets include the following:

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                              $               $
           Current
           Prepayments                                                                  533,428          68,280

           Other bonds/deposits                                                           4,900          4,900

                                                                                        538,328          73,180
           Non-current
           Prepayments – EPC contract                                                 8,000,000              —

           Environmental exploration and mining bonds receivable                       4,513,666        793,027
                                                                                       12,513,666       793,027
           Total other assets                                                         13,051,994       866,207


          Non-current prepayments include $8 million in early works payments to Primero Group for
          construction of the DMS plant in accordance with the EPC contract.

          Environmental bonds receivable represents funds held by the Northern Territory Department of
          Primary Industry and Resources as security for rehabilitation for exploration and mining activities
          in the Northern Territory as per the Group’s Mine Management Plans (MMP) for various project
          areas pursuant to the Mining Management Act 2001. This includes $3.7 million for the Grants MMP
          associated with commencement of mining and construction activities at the Finniss Lithium Project
          and $0.8 million associated with exploration activity around the Finniss Lithium Project exploration
          area.




68   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
5. Inventories
Inventories include the following:

                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                    $                 $

 Consumables – fuel                                                            176,557               —

 Total inventories                                                            176,557                —


Consumables are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of purchased
inventory are determined after deducting any applicable rebates and discounts. A periodic
review is undertaken to establish the extent of any surplus or obsolete items, and where
necessary a provision is made.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
estimated costs of completion of sale.

6. Exploration and evaluation assets
The Group’s exploration and evaluation asset policy is for expenditure incurred and is
accumulated at cost in respect of each identifiable area of interest. These costs are only carried
forward to the extent that right of tenure is current and those costs are expected to be recouped
through the successful development of the area of interest (or alternatively by sale or joint
venture) or where activities in the area of interest have not yet reached a stage which permits
reasonable assessment of the existence of economically recoverable reserves and operations in
relation to the area interest are continuing.

                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                               Notes                $                 $

 Opening balance                                                           33,718,808      26,380,721

 Expenditure on exploration during the year                                 11,799,754         6,810,862

 Acquisition costs                                              (a)         5,880,273           527,225

 Transfer to Development Assets                                 (b)         (11,245,061)             —

 Closing balance                                                           40,153,774      33,718,808




                                                            Core Lithium Annual Report 2022          69
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          6. Exploration and evaluation assets continued
          During the current period, the Group’s exploration activity was focused on lithium drilling
          programs to further define and grow Mineral Resources and project mine life (Ore Reserves)
          as well as further exploration on lithium prospects in and around the Finniss Lithium Project.
          No impairment has been recorded for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: $nil).

          (a)	In December 2021, the Group exercised the Call Option Deed with Outback Metals
               Proprietary Limited, Victory Polymetallic Pty Limited and Australia New Zealand Resources
               Corporation Pty Ltd. This was paid in full via a $5 million cash payment on 28 February
               2022. Stamp duty associated with this transaction and subsequently paid amounted to
               $0.6 million. In 2021 financial year, the Group paid consideration to enter into the Call Option
               Deed, being a $0.5 million fee plus $0.02 million in stamp duty, for the option to acquire the
               Mineral Titles.

          	In April 2022, the Group entered into a tenement sale and purchase agreement to acquire
            Exploration License 31407 (Shoobridge) from Newmont Exploration Pty Ltd, a subsidiary
            of gold producer Newmont Corporation. Upon transfer of the title of the tenement in June
            2022, Core paid $0.25 million in cash plus $0.01 million in stamp duty on the transaction.
            Further future commitments under this agreement have been disclosed within note 22.

          (b)	During the period a total of $11.2 million was transferred from exploration and evaluation
              assets to mine development assets. Costs associated with the approved Finniss Lithium
              Project, were transferred to mine development upon completion of the July 2021 Definitive
              Feasibility Study (DFS) and the final investment decision in September 2021 with the
              project now moving into development and construction phase. At the time of transfer, a full
              impairment test was undertaken, and no impairment was required.

                       Exploration and evaluation expenditure 2022 Financial Year ($ million)


              60.0


              50.0
                                                                   5.9

              40.0                           11.8                                     11.2


              30.0


              20.0                                                                                      40.2
                           33.7

              10.0


               0.0
                     Opening Balance    Expenditure on      Project acquisition    Transfer to     Closing Balance
                          1/7/21          exploration              costs          development           30/6/22




          Deferred feasibility
          Feasibility expenditure represents costs related to the preparation and completion of feasibility
          studies to enable a development decision to be made in relation to an area of interest and is
          capitalised as incurred. When production commences, relevant past exploration, evaluation and
          feasibility expenditure in respect of an area of interest that has been capitalised is transferred to
          mine development where it is amortised over the life of the area of interest to which it relates on
          a unit of production basis. When an area of interest is abandoned or the Board decide it is not
          commercial, any accumulated costs in respect of that area are written off in the year the decision
          is made. Each area of interest is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and accumulated
          costs written off to the extent they are not expected to be recoverable in the future.




70   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Mineral rights
Mineral rights comprise identifiable exploration and evaluation assets, Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves, which are acquired as part of a business combination or a joint venture and are
recognised at fair value at date of acquisition. Mineral rights are attributable to specific areas of
interest and are classified within exploration and evaluation assets. Mineral rights attributable
to each area of interest are amortised when commercial production commences on a unit of
production basis over the estimated economic reserve of the mine to which the rights related.

Key judgements – Exploration and evaluation assets
The future recoverability of capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure is dependent
on several factors, including whether the Group decides to exploit the related lease itself or,
if not, whether it successfully recovers the related exploration and evaluation asset through
sale or joint venture. Factors that could impact the future recoverability include the level of
Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources, future technological changes, which could impact the
cost of mining, future legislative changes, and changes to commodity prices and exchange
rates. To the extent that capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure is determined not
to be recoverable in the future, profits and net assets will be reduced in the period in which
this determination is made. In addition, exploration and evaluation expenditure is capitalised
if activities in the area of interest have not yet reached a stage that permits a reasonable
assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves. To the extent it
is determined in the future that this capitalised expenditure should be written off, profits and
net assets will be reduced in the relevant reporting period in which this determination is made.

Key estimates – Impairment
Impairment of specific exploration and evaluation assets during the year have occurred where
the Board have concluded that capitalised expenditure is unlikely to be recovered by sale or
future exploitation. At each reporting date the Group undertakes an assessment of the carrying
amount of its exploration and evaluation assets. During the reporting period no indicators
of impairment were identified on certain exploration and evaluation assets in accordance
with AASB 6 –Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources. No impairment loss has
been recognised in relation to areas of interest as a result of the review where the Board have
concluded that capitalised expenditure is unlikely to be recovered by sale or future exploitation.

Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Exploration, evaluation, and deferred
feasibility expenditure
Judgement is required to determine whether future economic benefits are likely, from either
exploitation or sale, or whether activities have not reached a stage that permits a reasonable
assessment of existence of reserves. In addition to these judgements, the Group has to
make certain estimates and assumptions. The determination of JORC resources is itself
an estimation process that involves varying degrees of uncertainty depending on how the
resources are classified (i.e., measured, indicated, or inferred). The estimates directly impact
when the Group capitalises exploration and evaluation expenditure. The capitalisation policy
requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and
circumstances, in particular, the assessment of whether economic quantities of reserves will
be found. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes
available. The recoverable amount of capitalised expenditure relating to undeveloped mining
projects can be particularly sensitive to variations in key estimates and assumptions. If variation
in key estimates or assumptions has a negative impact on recoverable amount it could result in
a requirement for impairment.




                                                              Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       71
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          7. Plant, equipment and mine development assets

                                                       Plant and              Right of         Assets under              Mine
                                                     equipment1            use Assets2         construction       development                  Total
                                                               $                     $                    $                 $                     $

               Gross carrying amount

               Opening balance                              375,113            324,406                     —                   —          699,519

               Additions                                   399,913           3,066,404              27,133,123        29,365,178      59,964,618

               Transfer from exploration
                                                                 —                     —                   —           11,245,061       11,245,061
               assets

               Disposals                                  (28,805)                     —                   —                   —          (28,805)

               Balance 30 June 2022                        746,221            3,390,810             27,133,123        40,610,239      71,880,393

               Depreciation and impairment

               Opening balance                             (171,172)           (222,376)                   —                   —         (393,548)

               Depreciation 1                              (85,143)            (892,677)                   —                   —         (977,820)

               Impairment                                        —                     —                   —                                     —

               Disposals                                    19,483                     —                   —                   —           19,483

               Balance 30 June 2022                      (236,832)             (1,115,053)                 —                   —        (1,351,885)

               Carrying amount
                                                          509,389             2,275,757             27,133,123        40,610,239      70,528,508
               30 June 2022



                                                       Plant and              Right of         Assets under              Mine
                                                     equipment1            use Assets2         construction       development                  Total
                                                               $                     $                    $                 $                     $

               Gross carrying amount

               Opening balance                            322,583               226,602                    —                   —          549,185

               Additions                                  152,894                97,804                    —                   —         250,698

               Disposals                                 (100,364)                     —                   —                   —         (100,364)

               Balance 30 June 2021                         375,113            324,406                     —                   —          699,519

               Depreciation and impairment

               Opening balance                            (221,374)            (108,769)                   —                   —         (330,143)

               Depreciation1                               (46,021)             (113,607)                  —                   —         (159,628)

               Disposals                                    96,223                     —                   —                   —           96,223

               Balance 30 June 2021                        (171,172)           (222,376)                   —                   —         (393,548)

               Carrying amount
                                                          203,941               102,030                    —                   —          305,971
               30 June 2021

          1.    Depreciation of plant and equipment and right of use assets which are used for exploration or mine development activities is
                charged to exploration and evaluation and mine development assets in the Statement of Financial Position.
          2. Refer to Note 10 for further detail on right of use assets associated with lease contracts.




72   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Plant and equipment
Plant and equipment assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the items.
Repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they
are incurred.

Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of plant and equipment less their
estimated residual value using an appropriate method (either straight line, diminishing value
or units of production basis) over either the estimated useful life or the estimated resource.
Depreciation expense is recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss.

The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment for current and comparative
periods are as follows.

 Asset class                           Estimated useful life
 Exploration equipment                 3 – 6 years

 Office and IT equipment               3 – 5 years

 Motor vehicles                        The shorter of life of mine and 6 years

 Right of use assets                   Shorter of the lease term and the asset useful life. Refer to Note 10


The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed and adjusted at the end of each
reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
amount if its carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains and
losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are
included in the Statement of Profit or Loss.

Mine development
Mine development assets represent expenditure in respect of exploration, evaluation, feasibility
and development of intangible assets incurred by or on behalf of the Group, including
overburden removal and certain mine construction costs, previously accumulated and carried
forward in relation to areas of interest in which mining has now commenced. Such expenditure
comprises net direct costs and an appropriate allocation of directly related overhead
expenditure.

All expenditure incurred prior to commencement of production from each development
property is carried forward to the extent to which recoupment out of future revenue from the
sale of production, or from the sale of the property, is reasonably assured.

When further development expenditure is incurred in respect of a mine property after
commencement of production, such expenditure is carried forward as part of the cost of
the mine property only when future economic benefits are reasonably assured, otherwise
the expenditure is classified as part of the cost of production and expensed as incurred.
Such capitalised development expenditure is added to the total carrying value of development
assets being amortised.

Deferred mining expenditure – Pre-production mine development
Pre-production mining costs incurred by the Group in relation to accessing recoverable
reserves are carried forward as part of ‘mine development’ when future economic benefits
are established, otherwise such expenditure is expensed as part of the cost of production.




                                                               Core Lithium Annual Report 2022             73
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          7 . Plant, equipment and mine development assets continued

          Transfer of exploration and evaluation assets to mine development
          Once exploration assets have been assessed to be commercially feasible and development
          is able to proceed, the costs are transferred to ‘development assets’.

          An impairment assessment is undertaken on the date assets are transferred using the
          recoverable amount of the Cash Generating Units (CGU) that included the transferred
          development asset based on estimated present value of the future cash flows expected to
          be derived from the CGU (value in use). Impairment is recognised if the recoverable amount
          of the CGU is estimated to be lower than its carrying amount.

          Assets under construction
          Assets under construction includes the construction of tangible assets, namely site
          infrastructure and plant. Once construction has been completed these assets will be transferred
          into the relevant category of plant and equipment.

          Key estimates and judgements – Ore Reserves
          The Group estimates Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources each year based on information
          compiled by Competent Persons as defined in accordance with the Australasian Code for
          Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2012 (‘JORC code’).
          Estimated quantities of economically recoverable reserves are based upon interpretations
          of geological models and require assumptions to be made including estimates of short and
          long-term commodity prices, exchange rates, future operating performance and capital
          requirements. Changes in reported reserve estimates can impact the carrying value of plant
          and equipment and development, provision for restoration and rehabilitation obligations as well
          as the amount of depreciation and amortisation.

          Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Impairment of assets
          The Group assesses its CGU at least annually, to determine whether there is any indication of
          impairment or reversal of a prior impairment. Where an indicator of impairment or reversal
          exists, a formal estimate of the recoverable amount is made, which is deemed as being the
          higher of the fair value less costs to sell and value in use. These assessments require the use of
          estimates and assumptions such as ore reserves, future production, commodity prices, discount
          rates, exchange rates, operating costs, sustaining capital costs, any future development cost
          necessary to produce the reserves (including the magnitude and timing of cash flows) and
          operating performance.

          Some other factors considered in management’s assessment as to whether there existed any
          indicators of impairment at the CGUs include:
          – Operational and financial performance of the CGUs;
          – Potential to extend mine life across all CGUs;
          – The current and forecast lithium price environment; and
          – Acquisitions complementing the existing CGUs of the Group

          In addition, the Group monitors impairment indicators by considering the impact of the above
          judgements and assumptions on the valuation of CGUs through periodic updates to its business
          valuation models.

          Such assumptions are subject to variation as a result of changes in future economic and
          operational conditions. Consequently, the carrying value of the Group’s CGUs may differ in
          future years if assumptions made do not eventuate and actual outcomes are less favourable
          than present assumptions.

          No impairment of plant, equipment, and mine development assets arose during the reporting
          period.


74   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
8. Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables recognised in the statement of financial position can be analysed
as follows:


                                                                               2022            2021
                                                              Notes               $               $

 Current

 Trade payables                                                            2,240,297       626,788

 Accrued expenses                                                         10,464,542        922,737

 Other payables                                                            1,333,893         26,366

 Total trade and other payables                                           14,038,732       1,575,891


Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior
to the end of the reporting period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually
paid within 30 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities
unless payment is not due within 12 months from the reporting date. They are recognised
initially at their fair value and subsequently amortised cost using the effective interest rate
method.

9. Other liabilities

                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                  $               $

 Grant funding received in advance                                         2,368,263             —

 Total Grant funding received in advance                                  2,368,263              —


During the reporting period, the Group was awarded Australian Federal Government funding
totaling $6 million for the Modern Manufacturing Initiative (MMI) Grant to co-fund the
assessment of the potential feasibility of building a lithium chemical plant in the Northern
Territory. Upon signing the grant agreement Core received $2.37 million in up front funding to
help fund studies and other related activity during the 3-year grant term.

Upon satisfaction of performance obligations set out in the grant agreement, this is recognised
as an off set to capitalised expenditure as it is incurred by the Group.

10. Lease liabilities
A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys that the Group has the right
to direct the use of an identified asset which is not substitutable and to obtain substantially all
economic benefits from the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. The Group
separates the lease and non-lease components of the contract and accounts for these
separately. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right of use assets
representing the right to use the underlying assets. The Group has lease contracts for various
items of mining equipment, temporary power infrastructure, motor vehicles and buildings used
in its operations and exploration activities. These leases generally have lease terms between two
and three years.




                                                           Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        75
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          10. Lease liabilities continued

          Lease liabilities
          Lease Liabilities recognised in the statement of financial position can be analysed as follows:

                                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                                            $               $

           Current

           Lease liabilities                                                         1,189,422         57,433

           Non-Current

           Lease liabilities                                                          896,834         44,908


          At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liabilities at the present value of the
          lease payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease if
          that rate is readily available or an estimate of the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed
          payments (including in substance fixed), variable payments based on an index or rate, amounts
          expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee and payments arising from options
          reasonably certain to be exercised.

          Subsequent to initial measurement, the lease liabilities will be reduced for payments made and
          increased for interest. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there
          are changes in in-substance fixed payments. When the lease liabilities are remeasured, the
          corresponding adjustment is reflected in the right-of-use asset, or in the Statement of Profit
          and Loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.

          Right of use assets
          Set out below are the carrying amounts of right of use assets recognised and the movements
          during the period (as shown in Note 7 – Plant, equipment and mine development assets):

                                                                     Plant and
                                                     Buildings      equipment        Vehicles           Total
           2022                                              $               $              $              $

           Carrying amount as at 1 July 2021            102,030              —             —          102,030

           Additions                                   469,575        1,679,794        917,035      3,066,404

           Depreciation charge                         (129,072)       (475,170)     (288,435)       (892,677)

           Carrying amount as at 30 June 2022          442,533       1,204,624        628,600       2,275,757


                                                                     Plant and
                                                     Buildings      equipment        Vehicles           Total
           2021                                              $               $              $              $

           Carrying amount as at 1 July 2020            117,833              —             —          117,833

           Additions                                    97,804               —             —          97,804

           Depreciation charge                          (113,607)            —             —          (113,607)

           Carrying amount as at 30 June 2021          102,030               —             —         102,030




76   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the
lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle
and remove the asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the
lease commencement date (net of any incentives received). A corresponding demobilisation/
restoration provision is recognised in relation to these costs recognised within the right of use
asset. Right-of-use assets are depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of
their useful life and the lease term as follows:

 Asset class                                           Estimated useful life
 Mining plant and equipment                            2 – 7 years

 Motor vehicles                                        2 – 4 years

 Buildings                                             7 – 10 years


Periodic adjustments are made for any remeasurement of the lease liabilities and for
impairment losses, assessed in accordance with the Group’s impairment policies.

Impact on the statement of profit or loss
The application of AASB 16 — Leases has resulted in the following amounts being recorded in
the statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                      2022          2021
                                                                                         $             $

 Depreciation of right of use assets                                                 77,616       113,607

 Interest expense                                                                    99,833            1,681

 Total recognised in the statement of profit or loss                                177,449       115,288


Interest relating to right of use assets used in exploration and mining activities is not capitalised
to exploration and evaluation assets or plant, equipment and mine development assets.

Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
The Group has elected to account for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets using the
practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments
in relation to these are recognised as an expense in statement of profit or loss as they are
incurred.

Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Leases Identification of non-lease
components
In addition to containing a lease, the Group’s mining services contracts involve the provision
of additional services, including personnel cost, low value materials, drilling, hauling related
activities and other items. These are non-lease components, and the Group has elected to
separate these from the lease components.

Judgement is required to identify each of the lease and non-lease components.
The consideration in the contract is then allocated between the lease and non-lease
components on a relative stand-alone price basis. This requires the group to estimate stand-
alone prices for each lease and non-lease component based on quoted prices within the
contract. This assessment is performed by class of underlying asset within the contracts.

Evaluation of the Group’s leased crushing plant and fuel farm contracts is ongoing as the lease
commencement date of the underlying assets had not yet occurred as at 30 June 2022.




                                                                     Core Lithium Annual Report 2022     77
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          10. Lease liabilities continued

          Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Identifying in substance fixed rates versus
          variable lease payments
          The lease payments used to calculate the lease related balances under AASB 16 – Leases include
          fixed payments, in substance fixed payments and variable payments based on an index or rate.
          Variable payments not based on an index or rate are excluded from the measurement of lease
          liabilities and related assets.

          In addition to the fixed payments in the Group’s mining services contract, there are payments
          that are variable payments because the contract terms require payment based on a rate per
          hour or rate per material moved. In terms of AASB 16 - Leases, the Group uses judgement to
          determine that no minimum hours or volumes within the contract are a fixed minimum that
          results in an amount payable that is unavoidable.

          Therefore, the Group has had to apply judgement to determine that there are no in substance
          fixed payments included in the lease payments used to calculate the lease related balances.
          Payments identified as variable not based on an index or rate, are excluded from recognition
          and measurement of the lease related balances.

          Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Estimating the incremental
          borrowing rate
          The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in its leases. Therefore, it uses the
          relevant incremental borrowing rate to measure lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate
          is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a
          similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right of use asset
          in a similar economic environment. The incremental borrowing rate, therefore, reflects what
          the group would have to pay, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available
          and to make adjustments to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates
          the incremental borrowing rate using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when
          available and considered certain contract and entity specific judgements estimates (such as
          the lease term and credit rating). The incremental borrowing rate range used by the group was
          between 2.5% and 6.5%.




78   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
11. Provisions
Provisions can be analysed as follows:

                                                                              2022           2021
                                                                                 $              $

 Current

 Employee leave benefits                                                    530,916       136,088

 Demobilisation of right of use assets                                      159,347             —

                                                                           690,263        136,088

 Non-current

 Employee leave benefits                                                    72,097         65,086

 Mine rehabilitation                                                      3,867,687             —

 Office restoration                                                           5,162             —

                                                                         3,944,946         65,086

 Total provisions                                                        4,635,209         201,174


The employee leave benefits provision covers the Group’s liability for long service leave and
annual leave. This provision represents a present obligation as a result of past events, where it
is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation. The current
portion of this liability includes all of the accrued annual leave and the unconditional
entitlements to long service leave where employees have completed the required period of
service. However, based on past experience, the Group does not expect all employees to take
the full amount of accrued leave or require payment within twelve months. Notwithstanding
the classification of annual leave as a long-term employee benefit, the related obligations are
presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the Group does not have an unconditional
right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting date, regardless of when
actual settlement is expected to occur.

Short-term employee benefit obligations
Liabilities for accumulating leave entitlements that are expected to be settled wholly within
twelve months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service
are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and
are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other
short-term employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.

Other long-term employee benefit obligations
The liabilities for long service leave are not expected to be settled within twelve months after
the end of the period in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore
recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured as the present value of
expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided up to the reporting date.
Consideration is given to future wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures
and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the
reporting date on high quality corporate bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match,
as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.




                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       79
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          11. Provisions continued

          Movement in mine rehabilitation provision

                                                                                                         Total
                                                                                                            $

           Carrying amount as at 1 July 2021                                                                —

           Additional provision recognised during the year                                            3,860,186

           Unwinding of discount                                                                          7,501

           Carrying amount as at 30 June 2022                                                        3,867,687


          Provision for mine rehabilitation
          Estimated costs of decommissioning and removing an asset and restoring the site are included
          in the cost of the asset as at the date the obligation first arises and to the extent that it is
          first recognised as a provision. The Group records the present value of the estimated cost of
          environmental and legal obligations to restore operating locations in the period in which the
          obligation is incurred. The nature of decommissioning activities includes dismantling and
          removing structures, rehabilitating mine sites, dismantling operating facilities, closure of plant
          and waste sites and restoration, reclamation, and revegetation of affected areas.

          Typically, the obligation arises when the asset is installed, or the environment is disturbed at the
          development location. When the liability is initially recorded, the present value of the estimated
          cost is capitalised by increasing the carrying amount of the related mining assets. Over time,
          the discounted liability is increased for the change in the present value based on the discount
          rates that reflect the current market assessments and the risks specific to the liability. Additional
          disturbances or changes in decommissioning costs will be recognised as additions or changes
          to the corresponding asset and rehabilitation liability when incurred.

          The unwind effect of discounting the provision is recorded as a finance cost in the Statement
          of Profit or Loss and the carrying amount capitalised as a part of mine development assets
          is amortised on a unit of production basis. Costs incurred that relate to an existing condition
          caused by past operations, but do not have future economic benefits, are expensed as incurred.

          Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Mine restoration and rehabilitation
          The Group assesses its mine restoration and rehabilitation provision bi-annually in accordance
          with the accounting policy. Significant judgement is required in determining the provision
          for restoration and rehabilitation as there are many transactions and other factors that will
          affect the ultimate liability payable to rehabilitate and restore the mine sites. The estimate of
          future costs therefore requires management to make assessment of the future restoration and
          rehabilitation date, future environmental legislation, changes in regulations, price increases,
          changes in discount rates (2.94% as at 30 June 2022), the extent of restoration activities and
          future removal and rehabilitation technologies. When these factors change or become known
          in the future, such differences will impact the restoration and rehabilitation provision in the
          period in which they change or become known. At each reporting date the rehabilitation and
          restoration provision is remeasured to reflect any of these changes.




80   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
12. Operating activities

(a) Other expenses
Other expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                                                    $                     $

     Statutory compliance, insurance and legal                                                               1,431,142             609,038

     Marketing and office expenses                                                                            529,128               281,196

     Public road improvements – Northern Territory                                                            558,724                     —

     Contractors and consultants                                                                            1,043,323              368,827

     Broker and investor relations                                                                             312,136              231,993

     Travel                                                                                                    79,642                73,771

     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             99,833                  1,681

     Foreign exchange loss                                                                                        5,111                 585

     Loss on sale or disposal of assets                                                                          9,322                4,142

     Total other expenses                                                                                  4,068,361              1,571,233



(b) Employee benefits expense

Expenses recognised for employee benefits are analysed below:

                                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                                                    $                     $

     Salaries and wages, directors’ fees, and contract payments to
                                                                                                            3,642,254            2,022,663
     officers

     Superannuation expense                                                                                  294,937                125,297

     Movement in employee entitlement provisions                                                             409,397                68,406

     Other employee related expenses                                                                         1,246,179              98,870

     Less: Transfer to exploration and development assets            1
                                                                                                            (2,139,355)          (1,204,397)

     Total employee benefits expense                                                                        3,453,412             1,110,839

1.    Employee benefits expenses directly attributable to exploration and evaluation activities are capitalised and recorded as exploration
      and evaluation assets (refer to note 6) and those directly attributable to development activities and asset construction are capitalised
      to plant, equipment, and mine development assets (refer note 7) in the Statement of Financial Position as disclosed in each
      applicable accounting policy.


During the year, the Managing Director and employees have also been remunerated through
share-based payments.




                                                                                      Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                     81
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          12. Operating activities continued

          (c) Reconciliation of cashflows from operating activities


                                                                                             2022             2021
           Operating activities                                            Notes                $                $

           Loss after tax                                                               (7,465,674)     (2,912,254)

           Share-based payments expense                                    15(a)          159,029           317,137

           Exploration impairment                                            6                  —                —

           Depreciation expense                                              7             116,128          136,810

           Loss on disposal of assets                                                       9,322             4,142

           Interest expense on leased assets                                               85,958             1,468

           Unrealised Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                             30              (30)

           Net change in working capital                                                  875,468           109,667

           Net cash used in operating activities                                        (6,219,739)    (2,343,060)



          13. Income tax benefit/(expense)
          Core Lithium Ltd and its wholly owned Australian resident subsidiaries have formed a
          tax-consolidated group. Consequently, these entities are taxed as a single entity and the
          deferred tax assets and liabilities of these entities are set off in the consolidated financial
          statements.

          This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense, amounts recognised and
          deferred tax assets and liabilities. The income tax expense of nil for the year ended 30 June 2022
          (2021: nil) represents the tax payable on the current period’s taxable loss adjusted by changes in
          deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

          Deferred income tax is determined using a tax rate applicable at the end of the reporting period
          and expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred
          income tax liability is settled. Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method
          on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax
          bases.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated, without discounting, at tax rates that are
          expected to apply to their respective period of realisation, provided they are enacted or
          substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax liabilities are always
          provided for in full.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
          be available and against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax
          assets and liabilities are offset only when the Group has a right and intention to offset current
          tax assets and liabilities from the same taxation authority. Current and deferred tax is recognised
          in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive
          income or directly in equity. In this case, tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income
          or directly in equity.




82   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                            $              $

 (a) The components of income tax expense comprise:

    Current income tax expense/(benefit)                                                    —              —

 (b)	The prima facie tax loss before income tax is reconciled to the income tax
      (benefit)/expense as follows:

    Net gain/(loss)                                                                 (7,465,674)    (2,912,254)

    Income tax rate                                                                      30%             30%

    Prima facie tax benefit on loss from activities before income tax               (2,239,702)     (873,676)

    Tax effect of non-deductible expenditure for tax                                    58,313        76,612

    Tax effect of non-assessable income                                                      –       (15,000)

    Timing differences and tax losses not brought to account                         2,181,389       812,064

    Current income tax expense/(benefit)                                                    —              —

 (c) Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following:

    Tax losses                                                                     79,270,982     35,954,063

 Deferred tax asset arising from carried forward tax losses not recognised          6,892,739     11,755,409


The tax losses not recognised balance includes the impact of any JMEI credits distributed
during the year.

An assessment was undertaken as at 30 June 2022 which confirmed Core should satisfy the
Continuity of Ownership test and on that basis be able to carry forward its current tax losses and
its entitlement to utilise these in future periods.




                                                                       Core Lithium Annual Report 2022     83
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          Capital
          14. Issued capital

                                                                               Number of
           2022                                                                   shares                  $

           (a) Issued and paid up capital

              Fully paid ordinary shares                                       1,732,611,716   265,668,360

                                                                               1,732,611,716   265,668,360

           (b)	Movements in fully paid shares

              Opening balance                                                  1,174,117,254    90,606,910

              Share placements                                                 393,738,374     124,875,464

              Share purchase plan                                               80,646,015      25,000,003

              Exercise of unquoted options                                        76,411,741     31,750,761

              Exercise of unquoted performance rights                            7,698,332         249,033

              Issue costs                                                                —        (6,813,811)

           Balance as at 30 June 2022                                          1,732,611,716   265,668,360



                                                                               Number of
           2021                                                                   shares                  $

           (a) Issued and paid up capital

              Fully paid ordinary shares                                       1,174,117,254    96,590,955

                                                                               1,174,117,254    96,590,955

           (b) Movements in fully paid shares

              Opening balance                                                  969,692,791      49,856,210

              Share placements                                                 185,194,530       41,563,283

              Shares issued as consideration for services rendered                  306,123         75,000

              Exercise of unquoted options                                       17,273,810       1,516,896

              Exercise of unquoted performance rights                            1,650,000          30,597

              Issue costs                                                                —       (2,435,076)

           Balance as at 30 June 2021                                          1,174,117,254    90,606,910


          The issued capital of Core Lithium Ltd consists only of fully paid ordinary shares. All shares
          are eligible to receive dividends and the repayment of capital and represent one vote at the
          shareholders’ meeting of Core Lithium Ltd. None of the Parent’s shares are held by any company
          in the Group. The shares do not have a par value and the Company does not have a limited
          amount of authorised capital. In the event of winding up the Company, ordinary shareholders
          rank after creditors and are fully entitled to any proceeds of liquidation.




84   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
15. Reserves and share-based payments

Capital management
Management effectively manages the Group’s capital and capital structure by assessing
the Group’s financial risks through regular monitoring of budgets and forecast cashflows.
The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and
market confidence and to sustain future development of the business, including through the
issue of shares. The Group’s capital is shown as issued capital in the Statement of Financial
Position. The Group is not subject to any external capital restrictions.

Nature and purpose of reserves
The share option reserve and performance rights reserve are used to recognise the fair value of
all options and performance rights.

Share based payments are in line with the Core Lithium Ltd remuneration policy, details
of which are outlined in the Director’s report. Listed below are summaries of options and
performance rights granted:

                                                                                                              2022                  2021
     Reconciliation of share- based payments reserve                                                             $                     $
     Opening balance                                                                                       652,522              746,536

     Issue of options                                                                                            —                  964

     Issue of performance rights                                                                            172,161             245,019

     Exercise of options                                                                                   (95,477)            (303,384)

     Exercise of performance rights                                                                       (249,033)             (30,597)

     Lapse of options and performance rights                                                               (26,283)               (6,016)

     Closing balance                                                                                      453,890               652,522



                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                  Number of                   2022           Average
     Share Option Reserve                                                           Options                      $      Exercise Price
     Opening balance                                                             105,003,467               310,388               $0.362

     Exercised   1
                                                                                    (76,411,741)           (95,477)              $0.414

     Balance at 30 June 2022                                                       28,591,726               214,911              $0.221

1.    This included 69,411,741 unquoted options attaching to shares issued under the $40.5 million share placement in February 2021. Each
      unquoted option has an exercise price of 45 cents and an expiry date of 12 February 2023 and have been attributed no value within
      the reserve. As at 30 June 2022, 11,591,726 of these unquoted options remain on issue.


                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                  Number of                   2021           Average
     Share Option Reserve                                                           Options                      $      Exercise Price
     Opening balance                                                               42,273,810               615,941              $0.066

     Issued1                                                                       81,003,467                  964               $0.450

     Exercised                                                                     (17,273,810)           (303,384)              $0.070

     Lapsed                                                                        (1,000,000)                (3,133)            $0.060

     Balance at 30 June 2021                                                     105,003,467               310,388               $0.362

1.    There were 81,003,467 unquoted options attaching to shares issued under the $40.5 million share placement in February 2021.
      Each unquoted option has an exercise price of 45 cents and an expiry date of 12 February 2023.




                                                                                    Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                   85
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          15. Reserves and share-based payments continued

                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                Performance                    2022
               Performance Rights Reserve                                                                             Rights                      $
               Opening balance                                                                                      22,791,666               342,133

               Issued to Key Management Personnel as remuneration                   1
                                                                                                                      750,000                84,010

               Issued to employees as remuneration          1
                                                                                                                      1,129,438               88,152

               Exercised                                                                                            (7,698,332)            (249,033)

               Lapsed                                                                                               (2,643,334)              (26,283)

               Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                             14,329,438               238,979



                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                Performance                     2021
               Performance Rights Reserve                                                                             Rights                       $
               Opening balance                                                                                     27,550,000                130,595

               Issued to Key Management Personnel as remuneration1                                                    250,000                137,569

               Issued to employees and consultants as remuneration              1
                                                                                                                     1,375,000              107,450

               Exercised                                                                                            (1,650,000)              (30,597)

               Lapsed                                                                                               (4,733,334)               (2,883)

               Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                             22,791,666               342,134

          1.    Expense reflected in the statement of profit and loss for performance rights and options issued to personnel over the vesting period.


          Performance rights were issued to Key Management Personnel, consultants and employees as
          remuneration with related KPI’s as detailed in the Directors’ Report and Note 15(a) below.

          (a) Share-based payments
          The Group has provided payment to related parties in the form of share-based compensation,
          whereby related parties render services in exchange for shares, options or performance rights
          over shares (‘equity-settled transactions’). The cost of these equity-settled transactions is
          measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value of
          share options is determined using a Black-Scholes methodology depending on the nature of
          the option terms. The fair value in relation to performance rights is calculated using a valuation
          methodology approximating a Monte Carlo simulation.

          The fair value of the options and performance rights granted is adjusted to reflect market
          vesting conditions but excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions. Non-market
          vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options and performance
          rights that are expected to vest and become exercisable.

          At each reporting date, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options and
          performance rights that are expected to vest and become exercisable.




86   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in
equity, over the period in which the performance conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on
which the relevant parties become fully entitled to the award (‘vesting date’).

The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until
vesting date reflects:
(i) the extent to which the vesting period has expired, and
(ii) the number of awards that, in the opinion of the Directors of the Group, will ultimately vest.

This opinion is formed based on the best available information at reporting date. No adjustment
is made for the likelihood of market performance conditions being met as the effect of these
conditions is included in the determination of fair value at grant date.

Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is
recognised as if the terms had not been modified. In addition, an expense is recognised for any
increase in the value of the transaction as a result of the modification, as measured at the date
of modification.

Key judgement, estimates and assumptions – Share based payments
The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with key management personnel
and other parties by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the date at which
they are granted. The fair value is determined by the Board of Directors with reference to
quoted market prices or using the Black-Scholes valuation method or a valuation methodology
approximating Monte Carlo simulation as appropriate taking into account the terms and
conditions upon which the equity instruments were granted. These assumptions have been
detailed within the note above. The accounting estimates and assumptions relating to equity-
settled share-based payments would have no impact on the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities within the next annual reporting period but may impact expenses and equity.

                                                                                   2022          2021
 Reconciliation of Share Based Payments Expense                                       $             $
 Options issued to directors and employees                                            —             964

 Performance rights issued to directors, consultants, and employees              172,162      245,020

 Shares issued to consultants                                                         —        75,000

 Total share-based payments                                                      172,162      320,984

 Options and performance rights lapsed due to failing vesting condition
                                                                                  (13,133)     (3,847)
 recognised in profit or loss

 Net share-based payment expense in the statement of profit or loss              159,029       317,137




                                                                  Core Lithium Annual Report 2022    87
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          15. Reserves and share-based payments continued

          Share based employee remuneration
          As at 30 June 2022 the Group maintained a Share Option Plan and Performance Share Plan for
          employee, director and consultant remuneration.

          There were nil options (2021: nil) and 750,000 performance rights (2021: 250,000) granted to KMP
          and 1,129,438 performance rights (2021: 1,375,000) issued to other employees as remuneration
          during the year.

          Fair value of performance rights granted
          The fair value at grant date of the performance rights issued for performance rights with market
          based on conditions have been determined using a valuation methodology approximating
          a Monte Carlo pricing model that takes into account the term of the performance right, the
          impact of dilution, the impact of the KPI on the underlying share price, the non-tradeable
          nature of the performance right, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of
          the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of
          the performance right. For those performance rights issued where a non-market performance
          condition exists the share price at grant date is the fair value at grant date.

          The table below outlines the summary of inputs used in the fair value calculation for the
          performance rights issued under the performance share plan during the reporting period:

               Performance Rights Valuation Inputs4                                                                     2022                     2021
               Exercise price                                                                                             Nil                       Nil

               Performance right life                                                                      0.64 – 3.43 years         0.25 – 2.25 years

               Underlying share price                                                                        $0.275 – $1.140         $0.047 – $0.225

               Expected share price volatility (weighted average)1                                                       N/A                       N/A

               Risk free interest rate2                                                                                  N/A                       N/A

               Weighted average fair value3                                                                          $0.1775                   $0.0981

               Weighted average contractual life                                                                    1.7 years                 1.2 years

          1.    Where applicable, the expected volatility has been based on the evaluation of the historical volatility of the Company’s share price,
                particularly over the historical period commensurate with the expected performance right life.
          2. Where applicable, this is based on high quality government bonds sourced from the Reserve Bank of Australia which reflect the
             period commensurate with the performance right life.
          3. The probability of achievement of vesting conditions has been considered when calculating the fair value of the performance rights
             at grant date.
          4. Performance conditions attached to performance rights for KMPs have been disclosed within the remuneration report. Remaining
             performance rights issued to employees during the period have been detailed in the table below.




88   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
The table below outlines the detailed inputs used in the fair value calculation for the
performance rights issued under the performance share plan during the reporting period:

Performance
Rights                         Fair Value at                                         Last Vesting    Expiry Date
Granted       Grant Date        Grant Date               Vesting Criteria                   Date    Upon Vesting

                                         Full value
                             $/right             ($)

                                                         Commercial production
750,000       26/11/2021      0.540        405,000                                   30/06/2023     30/06/2025
                                                         (within 18 months of FID)

                                                         DMS plant
                                                         commissioned/
180,000       29/07/2021      0.275            49,500    commercial production       29/03/2023     31/12/2025
                                                         declared – 18 months
                                                         from FID (31/12/2022)

                                                         125kt at the company’s
180,000       29/07/2021      0.275            49,500    desired SC grade within     29/03/2024     31/12/2026
                                                         12 months of KPI1

                                                         Refinery pilot plant
                                                         commissioned with
180,000       29/07/2021      0.275            49,500                            31/12/2024         31/12/2027
                                                         demonstrated production
                                                         of LiOH

                                                         Carlton UG mine designs
51,271        10/05/2022       1.140           58,449    to DFS level and referral   30/03/2023     31/03/2026
                                                         lodged

                                                         10kt UG Bulk sample
                                                         within 6 months of
102,543       10/05/2022       1.140           116,899   UG development              29/07/2023     31/07/2026
                                                         commencing in
                                                         “hard rock”

                                                         Solar Hybrid System
51,271        10/05/2022       1.140           58,449                                30/09/2023     30/09/2026
                                                         commissioned

                                                         First shipment of
                                                         concentrate sails
57,638        10/05/2022       1.140           65,707                                29/12/2022     31/12/2025
                                                         from Darwin prior to
                                                         29 December 2022

                                                         Finniss Lithium Project
                                                         producing greater than
57,638        10/05/2022       1.140           65,707    125kt of concentrate        29/12/2023     31/12/2026
                                                         within 12 months of first
                                                         production

                                                         Company declares
                                                         commercial production
57,638        10/05/2022       1.140           65,707                                30/03/2023     31/03/2026
                                                         via ASX announcement
                                                         prior to 30 March 2023

                                                         Stock levels optimised
                                                         such that ROM does not
                                                         fall below 80,000t after
57,639        10/05/2022       1.140           65,708    commercial production is 30/11/2023        30/11/2026
                                                         achieved and prior to May
                                                         2023 or in the 6 months
                                                         following May 2023

                                                         Establishment of full
                                                         water system (production
76,900        10/05/2022       1.140           87,666    & Potable) with 1,200ML  29/12/2022        31/12/2025
                                                         storage capacity within
                                                         15 months of FID

                                                         Reaching commercial
76,900        10/05/2022       1.140           87,666    production within FID       30/03/2023     31/03/2026
                                                         budget (under $102M)

1,879,438                                 1,225,458



                                                                    Core Lithium Annual Report 2022              89
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          15. Reserves and share-based payments continued
          Performance rights issued for remuneration to employees and the Directors are as follows:

           Number of performance rights                                                  2022              2021
           Opening balance as at 1 July                                             22,791,666        27,150,000

           Granted as remuneration to the Directors                                   750,000                 —

           Granted as remuneration to other KMP                                             —           250,000

           Granted as remuneration to other employees                                 1,129,438        1,375,000

           Exercised                                                                (7,698,332)       (1,650,000)

           Lapsed                                                                   (2,643,334)       (4,333,334)

           Outstanding as at 30 June                                                14,329,438       22,791,666


          Fair value of options granted
          The fair value at grant date of the options issued has been determined using a Black-Scholes
          option pricing model that takes into account the exercise price, the term of the option, the
          impact of dilution, the non-tradeable nature of the option, the share price at grant date and
          expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free
          interest rate for the term of the option.

          There were no share options issued in the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: nil) as remuneration
          for services provided. There were 81,003,467 unquoted options attaching to shares issued under
          the $40.5 million share placement in February 2021. The unquoted options have an exercise
          price of 45 cents and an expiry date of 12 February 2023. No options were issued during the year
          ended 30 June 2022.

          Share options and weighted average exercise prices for remuneration to employees and the
          Directors are as follows:

                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                   Number of           Average
           2022                                                                      Options      Exercise Price
           Opening balance as at 1 July 2021                                       20,000,000            $0.060

           Exercised                                                                (7,000,000)         ($0.060)

           Outstanding as at 30 June 2022                                          13,000,000            $0.060



                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                   Number of           Average
           2021                                                                      Options      Exercise Price
           Opening balance as at 1 July 2020                                       21,000,000            $0.060

           Expired                                                                  (1,000,000)         ($0.060)

           Outstanding as at 30 June 2021                                          20,000,000            $0.060




90   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
16. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
(a)	the profit attributable to equity holders of the Group, excluding costs of servicing equity
     other than ordinary shares, by
(b)	the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
    adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year.

Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
share to take into account the after-tax effect and other financing costs associated with dilutive
potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that
would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
The weighted average number of shares for the purpose of diluted earnings per share can be
reconciled to the weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic
earnings per share as follows:

                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                     #               #
 Weighted average number of shares used in basic earnings per share        1,579,962,831   1,060,237,514

 Loss per share – basic and diluted (cents)                                       (0.47)           (0.27)


There were 28,591,726 options (2021: 105,003,467) and 14,329,438 performance rights (2021:
22,791,666) outstanding at the end of the year that have not been considered in calculating diluted
EPS due to their effect being anti-dilutive.




                                                                Core Lithium Annual Report 2022       91
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          Company Structure
          17. Investments in controlled entities

          Controlled entities
          The Company has the following subsidiaries:


                                                                                        Percentage Held
                                                     Country of         Class
           Name of Subsidiary                        Incorporation      of Shares         2022              2021
           Sturt Exploration Pty Ltd                 Australia          Ordinary          100%              100%

           DBL Blues Pty Ltd                         Australia          Ordinary          100%              100%

           Lithium Developments Pty Ltd              Australia          Ordinary          100%              100%

           Uranium Generation Pty Ltd                Australia          Ordinary          100%              100%

           Lithium Developments (Grants NT) Pty Ltd Australia           Ordinary          100%              100%

           Bynoe Lithium Pty Ltd                     Australia          Ordinary          100%              100%


          18. Parent entity information
          Information relating to Core Lithium Ltd (the Parent entity) has been prepared on the same
          basis as the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                             $                 $
           Statement of financial position

           Current assets                                                            135,608,181     38,376,061

           Total assets                                                             245,110,454      73,193,867

           Current liabilities                                                        5,287,298        1,769,412

           Total liabilities                                                           5,703,122      1,879,406

           Issued capital                                                           265,668,360      90,606,910

           Retained losses                                                           26,714,918      19,944,971

           Share-based payments reserve                                                453,890            652,522

           Statement of profit of loss and other comprehensive income

           Loss for the year                                                          6,783,097       2,912,254

           Total comprehensive loss for the year                                      6,783,097       2,912,254


          All contingent liabilities and contractual commitments disclosed elsewhere in this report are
          entered into by the Parent entity.

          There are no guarantees entered into in relation to debts of subsidiaries except for a payment
          guarantee by Core Lithium Ltd for the payment obligations under the Call Option Deed with
          Outback Metals Pty Ltd and Victory Polymetallic Pty Limited and the related land covenant with
          Australia New Zealand Resources Corporation Pty Ltd as trustee for the Chrisp Family Trust by
          Bynoe Lithium Pty Ltd as disclosed in Note 22.




92   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
19. Operating segments
Management has determined the operating segments based on internal reports about
components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker
(CODM), to make strategic decisions.

The Group has identified two reportable segments of its business:
– Finniss Lithium Project mining, crushing and processing operations .
– Exploration: exploration and evaluation of primarily Lithium mineralisation.

The CODM monitors performance in these areas separately. Unless stated otherwise, all
amounts reported to the CODM are determined in accordance with accounting policies that
are consistent to those adopted in the annual financial statements of the Group. Operating
segment performance details for financial years 2022 and 2021 are set out below:

Segment results

                                                    Finniss Lithium
                                                           Project –
                                                        operations     Exploration           Total
 2022 Segment results                                              $             $              $
 Segment revenue                                                 —               —               —

 Cost of production                                              —               —               —

 Gross Margin                                                    —               —               —

 Exploration and evaluation assets and impairment          (558,724)         (27,154)     (585,878)

 Segment result                                            (558,724)         (27,154)     (585,878)

 Interest income                                                                           358,410

 Finance costs                                                                             (99,833)

 Other expenses                                                                          (7,138,374)

 Loss before tax                                                                        (7,465,674)

 Total segment assets                                    84,533,395      41,078,175     125,611,570

 Total segment liabilities                                17,196,124     3,380,386      20,576,510



                                                    Finniss Lithium
                                                           Project –
                                                        operations     Exploration           Total
 2021 Segment results                                              $             $              $
 Segment revenue                                                 —               —               —

 Cost of production                                              —               —               —

 Gross Margin                                                    —               —               —

 Exploration and evaluation costs and impairment                 —          (91,592)        (91,592)

 Segment result                                                  —          (91,592)        (91,592)

 Interest income                                                                            66,320

 Finance costs                                                                               (1,681)

 Other expenses                                                                          (2,885,301)

 Loss before tax                                                                        (2,912,254)

 Total segment assets                                            —       34,786,253     34,786,253

 Total segment liabilities                                       —        1,096,439      1,096,439




                                                          Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        93
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          19. Operating segments continued
          Operating segment assets are reconciled to total assets as follows:

                                                                                                2022         2021
                                                                                                   $            $
           Segment assets                                                                 125,611,570   34,786,253

           Unallocated assets:

           Cash and cash equivalents                                                      135,197,639   38,107,642

           Other receivables                                                                  20,655        14,643

           Other financial assets                                                            190,069       80,250

           Other assets                                                                      220,258       68,280

           Plant and equipment assets                                                        613,024       136,799

           Total assets                                                                   261,853,215   73,193,867


          Operating segment liabilities are reconciled to total liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                2022         2021
                                                                                                   $            $
           Segment liabilities                                                            20,576,510     1,096,439

           Unallocated liabilities:

           Trade and other payables                                                         1,653,087     572,422

           Lease liabilities                                                                 403,265         9,371

           Provisions                                                                        495,598       201,174

           Total liabilities                                                              23,128,460    1,879,406




94   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
20. Related party transactions
The Group’s related party transactions include those transactions with its subsidiaries and
Key Management Personnel.

Transactions with Key Management Personnel
Key Management Personnel remuneration includes the following as disclosed in detail in the
remuneration report:

                                                                                                                2022        2021
                                                                                                                   $           $
     Short-term benefits                                                                                 1,790,976      1,076,478

     Post-employment benefits                                                                              83,436         68,229

     Other long-term benefits                                                                              124,013         16,519

     Share-based payments                                                                                  84,010         137,568

     Total remuneration                                                                                  2,082,435      1,298,794

     The following transactions occurred with KMP:

     Payment for professional services to entities associated with related parties                         212,635       154,842

     Payables for professional services at reporting date                                                      16,412      11,246


Transactions with Key Management Personnel and related parties as disclosed below are
made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates. Outstanding balances
at reporting date are unsecured and are repayable in cash. These balances were paid in full
subsequent to the reporting date.

Amounts paid to Director related entities:

                                  Relationship to Key Management              Services                          2022        2021
     Related party                Personnel/Director                          provided                             $           $
     Piper Alderman1              A business of which G Engilsh               Legal fees                    10,207          9,158
                                  is a consultant

     Neogold Enterprises          A company of which H Hellewell              Director’s fees               53,758        40,333
     Pty Ltd2                     holds a beneficial interest

     McComas Capital              A company of which M McComas                Director’s fees               52,753        40,201
     Pty Ltd3                     holds a beneficial interest

     Kopias Consulting4           A business of which J Kopias                Consulting fees                  95,917      65,149
                                  is a Director

1.    The total amount of fees due to Piper Alderman as at 30 June 2022 was $nil (2021 $nil).
2. The total amount of fees due to Neogold Enterprises Pty Ltd as at 30 June 2022 was $9,252 (2021: $3,330).
3. The total amount of fees due to McComas Capital Pty Ltd as at 30 June 2022 was $nil (2021: $3,333).
4. The total amount of fees due to Kopias Consulting as at 30 June 2022 was $7,160 (2021: $4,583).




                                                                                     Core Lithium Annual Report 2022           95
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          Additional Disclosures
          21. Auditor remuneration
          During the year ended 30 June 2022, total fees paid or payable for services provided by Grant
          Thornton and its related practices were as follows:

                                                                                        2022            2021
                                                                                           $               $

           Audit services

           Audit and review of Financial Reports                                       139,391        47,405

           Other services

           Taxation compliance and advisory                                            25,479          16,258

           Financial due diligence                                                      7,200          6,500

           Total other services remuneration                                           32,679         22,758

           Total remuneration received by Grant Thornton                              172,070         70,163



          22. Commitments and contingencies

          Contingencies
          In the July 2019, the Group received a payment in advance of $6.875 million from Lithium
          Royalty Corp (LRC) for the right to receive 2.115% of gross revenue from the sale of products from
          the Finniss Lithium Project. Under this royalty agreement there is an additional $1.25 million of
          funding that is conditional on the Group announcing a 15 million tonne JORC Mineral Resource
          for the Finniss Lithium Project, which was achieved in July 2022, and achieving continuous
          operation of the processing plant for more than 14 consecutive days (Stage 2). The Royalty rate
          on receipt of initial proceeds under Stage 1 is 2.115% and increases to 2.50% upon achievement
          of the Stage 2 milestone resulting in the payment of the balance of the purchase price by LRC.
          The Finniss Lithium Project assets are held as security for the transaction.

          In FY 2021, Core Lithium Ltd and Bynoe Lithium Pty Ltd entered into a Call Option Deed with
          Outback Metals Proprietary Limited (Outback), Victory Polymetallic Pty Limited (Victory)
          (collectively the Grantors) and Australia New Zealand Resources Corporation Pty Ltd (the
          Landowner) to potentially acquire up to six granted Mineral Leases (MLs) adjacent to the Group’s
          Finniss Lithium Project in the Northern Territory. During the current period this Call option was
          exercised and the tenements were acquired. Contingent consideration will also be payable of
          $500,000 to the Grantors, ($150,000 in cash and $350,000 in cash or Core Lithium Ltd shares, at
          Core’s discretion (subject to any required shareholder approval)) for each 1 million tonne JORC
          resource identified by Bynoe, capped at an aggregate amount of $5,000,000. Any shares will be
          subject to a 3 month and 14-day escrow period.

          As part of this transaction the Landowners also entered into a Covenant in Gross (Covenant)
          with Bynoe which runs with and binds that part of the land which underlies the two Mineral
          Titles, ML 29985 and MLN 1148. Under the terms of the Covenant, the Landowners agree to give
          Bynoe a right of first refusal to purchase the underlying land if the Landowner intends to sell the
          land, and otherwise undertakes to ensure any third-party purchaser is bound by the Covenant.




96   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Under the covenant Bynoe agrees to pay compensation to the Landowner in full and
final satisfaction for any damage, disturbance, and loss of access to the land including as
compensation under the Mineral Titles Act:

(a)	$500 per hectare per annum to the Landowner, for any part of the Landowner’s underlying
     land that is subject to the Mineral Titles. Bynoe must pay this annual compensation until the
     Mine Development Date (being the date Bynoe secures authorisations to develop and operate
     a mine on either or both affected Mineral Titles and reaching a final investment decision; or it
     purchases the underlying land from the Landowner). No compensation will be payable if Bynoe
     does not undertake Mining Activities on the affected Mineral Titles in any 12-month period.

(b) $1,900,000 (indexed using Darwin CPI) to the Landowner, on the Mine Development Date.

Core Lithium Ltd guarantees the financial obligations of Bynoe under the Call Option Deed and
the Covenant.

In April 2022 Core purchased EL31407 (Shoobridge) from Newmont Exploration Pty Ltd, a
subsidiary of gold producer Newmont Corporation. A term of the purchase agreement is that
Core has granted a 2% smelter return royalty on all gold, lithium and uranium extracted from
the tenement. Core also has the right to buy-back the royalty for $10 million.

During the period Core executed a Crushing Services Contract with CSI Mining Services (CSI) for
the Finniss Lithium Project. The contract includes an early termination payment if the contract
is terminated prior to 10 years from the date of commissioning. This termination payment is on a
decreasing scale from year 3 of $9.9 million to $nil after 10 years.

Bank guarantees
Bank guarantees have been disclosed at Note 3.

Exploration commitments
In order to maintain rights of tenure to exploration permits, the Group has certain obligations
to perform minimum exploration work and expend minimum amounts of money should the
tenements be renewed.

The Group’s exploration licence tenements are renewable at various renewal dates throughout
the year and the amount of each expenditure covenant is set by the relevant state’s Minister at
the time of each renewal grant.

                                                                                 2022           2021
 Minimum expenditure required to maintain tenure of tenements                       $              $

 Within one year                                                               393,659        676,508

 After one year but not more than five years                                   289,291        648,718

 Greater than five years                                                            —          46,751

 Total commitments                                                            682,950       1,371,977


Not meeting the expenditure commitments detailed does not mean that the relevant
tenements will require relinquishment.

Capital commitments
Capital expenditure contracted for at end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities
is $18,519,930 (2021: $nil).




                                                                Core Lithium Annual Report 2022    97
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          23. Events arising since the end of the reporting date
          On 12 July 2022 Core announced a significant increase to the Finniss Lithium Project Mineral
          Resource and Ore Reserves Estimates. Mineral Resource Estimate increased by 28% to 18.9Mt
          at 1.32% Li2O and the Ore Reserve Estimate increased by 43% to 10.6Mt at 1.3%Li2O.

          On 5 August 2022 Core appointed Gareth Manderson as CEO. Gareth was most recently General
          Manager of Sustaining Capital and Rio Tinto, where he was instrumental in developing a team
          and structure capable of delivering Rio Tinto’s Iron Ore sustaining capital, improvement capital
          and technology deployment projects across their Pilbara operations in regional Western Australia.
          No other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the financial year which
          significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those
          operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

          24. Statement of significant accounting policies
          These consolidated general purpose financial statements of the Group have been prepared in
          accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), Australian Accounting
          Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board.
          Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards results in full compliance with the International
          Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
          (IASB). Core Lithium Ltd is a listed company, registered and domiciled in Australia. Core Lithium
          Ltd is a for profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

          The consolidated financial statements for the reporting period ended 30 June 2022 were
          approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 27 September 2022.

          The Financial Report has been prepared on an accrual basis, and is based on historical costs,
          modified by the measurement at fair value of selected non-current assets, financial assets and
          financial liabilities.

          Comparative information
          Comparative information for 2021 is for the full year commencing on 1 July 2020.

          The significant policies which have been adopted in the preparation of this financial report are
          summarised below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
          unless otherwise stated.

          (a) Principles of consolidation

          Subsidiaries
          The Group financial statements consolidate those of the Parent company and all of its subsidiary
          undertakings drawn up to 30 June 2022. Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities)
          over which the Group control. The Group controls an entity and has the ability to affect those
          returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
          from the date on which control is fully transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the
          date that control ceases. All subsidiaries have a reporting date of 30 June.

          A list of controlled entities is contained in note 17 to the Financial Statements.

          All transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation,
          including unrealised gains and losses on transactions between Group companies.

          Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are reversed on consolidation, the underlying
          asset is also tested for impairment from a Group perspective.

          Amounts reported in the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted, where
          necessary, to ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the Group.




98   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Profit or loss of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the reporting period are recognised
from the effective date of acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable.

Non-controlling interests, presented as part of equity, represent the portion of a subsidiary’s
profit or loss and net assets that is not held by the Group. The Group attributes total
comprehensive income or loss of subsidiaries between the owners of the Parent and the non-
controlling interests based on their respective ownership interests.

(b) Impairment of assets
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying values of its tangible assets to determine
whether there is any indication that those assets have been impaired. If such an indication
exists, the recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to
sell and value in use, is compared to the asset’s carrying value. Any excess of the asset’s carrying
value over its recoverable amount is expensed to profit or loss.

Where it is not probable to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group
estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

(c) Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates.
It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
accounting policies.

The Directors evaluate estimates and judgements incorporated into the financial report based
on historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable
expectation of future events and are based on current trends of economic data, obtained both
externally and within the Group.

The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included within
the relevant notes to the financial statements above.

(d) Finance income and expense
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested, gains on disposal of financial
assets and changes in fair value of financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss.

Interest income is recognised as it accrues in the statement of profit or loss, using the effective
interest rate method.

All income is stated net of goods and services tax (GST).

(e) Goods and services tax (GST)
Revenues, expenses, and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the
amount of GST incurred is not recoverable from the ATO. In these circumstances the GST is
recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of an item of the expense.
Receivables and payables in the statement of financial position are shown inclusive of GST.

Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis, except for the GST
components of investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.

(f) Adoption of the new and revised accounting standards
There are no new and revised accounting standards issued or issued but not yet effective which
are expected to have a material impact on the financial statements.

(g) Recently issued accounting standards to be applied in future accounting periods
There are no new significant accounting standards or amendments that have not been
early adopted for the year ended 30 June 2022 but will be applicable to the Group in future
reporting periods.

                                                            Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        99
          Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


          25. Financial risk management and capital management

          Financial instruments

          Recognition, initial measurement and derecognition
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to
          the contractual provisions of the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value
          adjusted for transactions costs, except for those carried at fair value through profit or loss, which
          are measured initially at fair value. Subsequent measurement of financial assets and financial
          liabilities are described below.

          Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
          asset expire, or when the financial asset and all substantial risks and rewards are transferred. A
          financial liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
          Except for those trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component and
          are measured at the transaction price in accordance with AASB 15 - Revenue from Contracts
          with Customers, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value adjusted for transaction
          costs (where applicable).

          For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets other than those designated
          and effective as hedging instruments are classified into the following categories upon initial
          recognition:
          – amortised cost
          – fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
          – equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
          – debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

          All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are
          presented within finance costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment
          of trade receivables which is presented within other expenses.

          Classifications are determined by both:
          – the entities business model for managing the financial asset, and
          – the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets

          Subsequent measurement financial assets

          Financial assets at amortised cost
          Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions
          (and are not designated as FVPL):
          – they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and
            collect its contractual cash flows, and
          – the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments
            of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

          After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
          Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial. The Group’s cash and cash
          equivalents, trade and most other receivables fall into this category of financial instruments.




100   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Financial assets that are held within a different business model other than ‘hold to collect’ or
‘hold to collect and sell’ are categorised at fair value through profit and loss. Further, irrespective
of business model financial assets whose contractual cash flows are not solely payments of
principal and interest are accounted for at FVPL. All derivative financial instruments fall into
this category, except for those designated and effective as hedging instruments, for which the
hedge accounting requirements apply.

Impairment of financial assets
AASB 9 – Financial Instruments impairment requirements use forward-looking information
to recognise expected credit losses - the ‘expected credit losses (ECL) model’. Instruments
within the scope of the new requirements included loans and other debt-type financial assets
measured at amortised cost and FVOCI, trade receivables, contract assets recognised and
measured under AASB 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers and loan commitments
and some financial guarantee contracts (for the issuer) that are not measured at fair value
through profit or loss.

The Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring
expected credit losses, including past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable
forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of the instrument.

In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:
– financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial
  recognition or that have low credit risk (‘Stage 1’), and
– financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial
  recognition and whose credit risk is not low (‘Stage 2’).
– ‘Stage 3’ would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the
  reporting date.
– ‘12-month expected credit losses’ are recognised for the first category while ‘lifetime
  expected credit losses’ are recognised for the second category.

Measurement of the expected credit losses is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of
credit losses over the expected life of the financial instrument.

Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables.

Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted for
transaction costs unless the Group designated a financial liability at fair value through profit
or loss.

Subsequently, financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method except for derivatives and financial liabilities designated at FVPL, which are carried
subsequently at fair value with gains or losses recognised in profit or loss (other than any
derivative financial instruments that are designated and effective as hedging instruments).

All interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes in an instrument’s fair value that are
reported in profit or loss are included within finance costs or finance income.

The Directors are responsible for monitoring and managing financial risk exposures of the Group.
The Group’s financial instruments consist mainly of deposits with banks and accounts receivable
and payable.




                                                             Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        101
           Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued


           25. Financial risk management and capital management continued
           The total for each category of financial instruments are at amortised cost as follows:

                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                              Note                     $                  $

            Financial assets

            Cash and cash equivalents                                          1               135,197,639      38,107,642

            Trade and other receivables                                        2                2,554,674           114,989

            Other financial assets                                             3                  190,069           80,250

            Total                                                                          137,942,382          38,302,881

            Financial liabilities

            Trade and other payables                                           7               14,038,732         1,575,891

            Lease liabilities                                                  10               2,086,256           102,341

            Total                                                                              16,124,988         1,678,232



           Management of financial risk
           The Group’s management of financial risk is aimed at ensuring cash flows are sufficient to:
           – Withstand significant changes in cash flow at risk scenarios and meet all financial
             commitments as and when they fall due; and
           – Maintain the capacity to fund future project development, exploration and acquisition strategies.

           The Group continually monitors and tests its forecast financial position against these criteria.

           The Group is exposed to the following financial risks: liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk
           (including foreign exchange risk and commodity price risk).

           (a) Liquidity risk
           Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Group might encounter difficulty in settling its
           debts or otherwise meeting its obligations related to financial liabilities.

           The Group manages liquidity risk by monitoring forecast cash flows and ensuring that adequate
           working capital is maintained for the coming months. Upcoming capital needs and the timing
           of fund raisings are assessed by the Board.

           The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting
           date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include contractual interest payments:

                                                                                                        Total    Carrying
                                          Less than     6 to 12   Between      Between           contractual    amount of
                                          6 months     months 1 and 2 years 2 and 5years          cash flows     liabilities
                                                  $           $           $            $                   $               $

            As at 30 June 2022

            Trade and other payables      14,038,732        —            —               —        14,038,732    14,038,732

            Lease liabilities               663,160    652,825      698,536          180,110        2,194,631    2,086,256

            Total                         14,701,892   652,825     698,536           180,110      16,233,363    16,124,988

            As at 30 June 2021

            Trade and other payables       1,575,891        —            —               —          1,575,891     1,575,891

            Lease liabilities                34,071     24,700       45,283              —           104,054        102,341

            Total                         1,609,962    24,700        45,283              —         1,679,945     1,678,232



102   Core Lithium Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(b) Credit risk
Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as
contracted. Credit risk is managed through the consideration of credit worthiness of customers
and counterparties. This ensures to the extent possible, that customers and counterparties to
transactions are able to pay their obligations when due and payable. Such monitoring is used in
assessing impairment where applicable.

(c) Market risk

Foreign currency risk
The Group undertakes transactions impacted by foreign currencies; hence exposures to
exchange rate fluctuations arise. The Group’s Lithium Spodumene concentrate sales will be
denominated in US dollars whereas the majority of costs (including capital expenditure) are in
Australian dollars. To manage and mitigate the foreign exchange risk the Group manages future
commercial transactions through cash flow management and forecasting.

Commodity price risk
The Group’s revenue is exposed to commodity price fluctuations, in particular to lithium
spodumene concentrate prices. Price risk relates to the risk that the fair value of future cash
flows of lithium sales will fluctuate because of changes in market prices largely due to demand
and supply factors for commodities and gold price commodity speculation. The Group is
exposed to commodity price risk due to the sale of lithium spodumene concentrate on physical
delivery at prices determined by markets at the time of sale. To manage commodity price risk
the Group manages future commercial transactions through cash flow management and
forecasting.

Net fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities
Fair value is the price that would be required to be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at measurement date.

The net fair values of financial assets and liabilities are determined by the Group based on the
following:
(i)	Monetary financial assets and financial liabilities not readily traded in an organised financial
     market are carried at book value, and
(ii)	Non-monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised at their carrying values
      recognised in the Statement of financial position.

The carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities is equivalent to fair value at reporting date.




                                                            Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        103
          Directors’ Declaration
          In the opinion of the Directors of Core Lithium Ltd:

          (a)	the consolidated financial statements and notes of Core Lithium Ltd are in accordance with
               the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:

             (i)	giving a true and fair view of its financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its
                  performance for the financial period ended on that date; and

             (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including the Australian Accounting
                   Interpretations) and the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth); and

          (b)	there are reasonable grounds to believe that Core Lithium Ltd will be able to pay its debts
               when they become due and payable.

          This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the
          Directors in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year
          ended 30 June 2022.

          Note 24 confirms that the consolidated financial statements comply with International Financial
          Reporting Standards.

          Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




          Greg English
          Non-Executive Chairman

          27 September 2022




104   Core Lithium Annual Report 2022
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                      Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd
                                                                                                                      Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                      Level 3
                                                                                                                      170 Frome Street
                                                                                                                      Adelaide SA 5000
                                                                                                                      GPO Box 1270
                                                                                                                      Adelaide SA 5001
                                                                                                                      T +61 8 8372 6666




    Independent Auditor’s Report
    To the Members of Core Lithium Ltd
    Report on the audit of the financial report

       Opinion
       We have audited the financial report of Core Lithium Ltd (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group),
       which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
       and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
       statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the Directors’ declaration.
       In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act
       2001, including:
       a   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for
           the year ended on that date; and
       b   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.



       Basis for opinion
       We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
       standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section
       of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements
       of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
       Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
       Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled
       our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
       We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
       opinion.




    www.grantthornton.com.au
    ACN-130 913 594

    Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594 a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 ACN 127 556 389.
    ‘Grant Thornton’ refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients and/or
    refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Limited is a member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd (GTIL).
    GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are delivered by the member
    firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one another and are not liable for one
    another’s acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term ‘Grant Thornton’ may refer to Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127
    556 389 ACN 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards
    Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                  #8422551v1w




                                                                                         Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                                         105
          Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                      Key audit matters
                      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                      the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
                      report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
                      matters.

                      Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                      Carrying value of plant, equipment and mine                 Carrying value of plant, equipment and
                      development assets - Refer to Note 7 in the                 development assets
                      financial statements

                      The Group incurred significant expenditure in the year, Our procedures included, amongst others:
                      totalling $59.96 million associated with the
                                                                                • Documenting the processes and assessing the
                      development of the Finniss Lithium Project.
                                                                                  internal controls relating to the capitalisation of costs
                      In addition, there was exploration interests totalling      and management’s assessment of impairment;
                      $11.25 million that were transferred from exploration
                                                                                • Obtaining management's reconciliation of capital
                      and evaluation assets to plant, equipment and
                                                                                  and development assets and agreeing to the
                      development assets.
                                                                                  general ledger;
                      The evaluation of the recoverable amount of the assets
                                                                                • Assessing the determination of cash generating
                      requires significant judgement in determining key
                                                                                  unit's based on understanding how the Chief
                      assumptions supporting the expected future cash flows
                                                                                  Operating Decision Maker monitors the Group's
                      of the Finniss Lithium Project and the utilisation of the
                                                                                  operations and makes decisions about the assets
                      relevant assets.
                                                                                  that generate independent cash flows;
                      This area is a key audit matter due to the level of
                                                                                • Obtaining management's discounted cash flow
                      judgement and estimation used in the discounted
                                                                                  model and utilising Grant Thornton valuation experts
                      cashflow models.
                                                                                  analysing for appropriateness against AASB 136
                                                                                  Impairment of Assets, including:
                                                                                      −   Understanding management’s assumptions;
                                                                                      −   Performing sensitivity analysis on assumptions;

                                                                                      −   Comparing forecast production against available
                                                                                          reserves;
                                                                                  •   Comparing the market capitalisation of the Group at
                                                                                      30 June 2022 against the carrying value of assets;
                                                                                      and
                                                                                  •   Reviewing the appropriateness of the related
                                                                                      disclosures within the financial statements.

                      Provision for Mine Rehabilitation - Refer to Note 11
                      in the financial statements

                      As at 30 June 2022, the Group had provisions for site       We performed the following audit procedures, amongst
                      rehabilitation of $3.87 million relating to the estimated   others:
                      future cost of rehabilitation and restoration of areas
                                                                                  •   Obtaining an understanding of the process involved
                      disturbed as a result of its development activities.
                                                                                      in determining the provision;
                      The provision for site rehabilitation is considered a key
                                                                                •     Obtaining the calculations and the methodology
                      audit matter due to the materiality of the balance, the
                                                                                      used to determine if the provision is in accordance
                      significant judgements and estimation uncertainty, and
                                                                                      with Australian Accounting Standards;
                      the complexity involved in the quantification of the
                      estimated provision.

                      

                                                                                                                                         #8422551v1




                                                                                                                   Grant Thornton Australia Limited 2




106   Core Lithium Independent Auditor’s Report
Provision for Mine Rehabilitation - Refer to Note 11
in the financial statements

                                                           •   Considering the competence and objectivity of the
                                                               Group’s internal and external experts involved in
                                                               determining the cost estimates used in the
                                                               calculations;
                                                           •   Benchmarking the key market related assumptions,
                                                               being inflation rates and discount rates, used in the
                                                               calculations against external market data; and
                                                           •   Assessing the appropriateness of the related
                                                               disclosures in the financial statements


Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022 but does not include the financial report and our
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors’ for the financial report
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1_2020.pdf.This
description forms part of our auditor’s report.




                                                                                                                    #8422551v1




                                                                                              Grant Thornton Australia Limited 3




                                                                 Core Lithium Annual Report 2022                               107
          Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                      Report on the remuneration report

                        Opinion on the remuneration report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June
                        2022.
                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Core Lithium Ltd, for the year ended 30 June 2022 complies with
                        section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.



                      Responsibilities
                      The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                      in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                      Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                      GRANT THORNTON AUDIT PTY LTD
                      Chartered Accountants




                      J L Humphrey
                      Partner – Audit & Assurance

                      Adelaide, 27 September 2022




                                                                                                                                     #8422551v1




                                                                                                               Grant Thornton Australia Limited 4




108   Core Lithium Independent Auditor’s Report
ASX Additional Information
Additional information required by the ASX Limited Listing Rules and not disclosed elsewhere in
this report is set out below. This information is effective as at 31 August 2022.

The Company is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange.


Substantial Shareholders
There are no substantial shareholders at the effective date.


Voting Rights
Ordinary shares	On a show of hands, every member present at a meeting in person or
                 by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share shall have one
                 vote.

Options                            No voting rights.

Performance Rights                 No voting rights.


Buy-Back
There is in no current on-market buy-back.


Distribution of Equity by Security Holders
                                                                                                                  Unquoted
                                                                                                                Performance
     Holding                       Quoted ordinary shares                                  Unquoted options            rights

                                                                       $0.08               $0.45        $0.06
                                              #             %       5-Sep-221         12-Feb-232   30-Jun-233

     1 – 1,000                           11,435          0.43               —                 4            —               —

     1,001 – 5,000                      19,009           2.92               —                23            —               —

     5,001 – 10,000                      7,203           3.28               —                37            —               —

     10,001 – 100,000                    11,204         20.57               —                82            —               —

     100,001 and over                     1,788         72.80                 1               18           3               6

     Number of holders                  50,639        100.00                  1             164             3              6

     Securities                  1,737,195,356                    4,000,000           10,966,419   13,000,000       9,371,105

1.    Held by Argonaut Investments Pty Ltd.
2. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2 holds 3,250,000 unquoted options.
3. Issued under employee incentive scheme as disclosed within the Directors report.


There were 1,160 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares ($500 amounts to
357 shares at a share price of $1.40). There are no restricted securities or securities subject to
voluntary escrow.




                                                                                  Core Lithium Annual Report 2022        109
           ASX Additional Information continued


           Twenty Largest Holders of Ordinary Shares

                                                                                       No. of
                                                                                  shares held      % Held

            1    HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                         135,837,288      7.82%

            2    Ganfeng New Energy Technology Development (Suzhou) Co Ltd           90,591,715     5.21%

            3    J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                          84,732,414     4.88%

            4    Ya Hua Intl Inv and Development Co Ltd                             69,815,094      4.02%

            5    Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                     45,075,920       2.59%

            6    BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                      31,415,207     1.81%

            7    Hooks Enterprises Pty Ltd <Hoeksema Superfund A/C>                25,900,000       1.49%

            8    National Nominees Limited                                         22,430,844       1.29%

            9    Mr Leendert Hoeksema & Mrs Aaltje Hoeksema                        20,400,000        1.17%

            10   HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <GSCO Customers A/C>     17,455,140      1.00%

            11   BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IB AU Noms Retailclient DRP>         16,246,462      0.94%

            12   HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                  13,876,955     0.80%

            13   HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – GSCO ECA                9,305,985      0.54%

            14   Genex Resources Pty Ltd                                              7,718,333    0.44%

            15   BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream                         7,139,816     0.41%

            16   Tarmo Investments Pty Ltd <Tjena Super Fund A/C>                    6,253,950      0.36%

            17   Superhero Securities Limited <Client A/C>                           5,819,349      0.33%

            18   Mrs Slavka Mincic                                                  5,487,009       0.32%

            19   HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                            5,199,752     0.30%

            20   Mr Sunil Pathak                                                    4,938,400       0.28%

                 Top 20 shareholders as a 31 August 2022                          625,639,633      36.01%

                 Total ordinary shares on issue                                   1,737,195,356   100.00%




110   Core Lithium ASX Additional Information
Corporate Information
Core Lithium Ltd ACN 146 287 809

Directors                          Web Address
Greg English                       www.corelithium.com.au
Non-executive Chairman
Stephen Biggins                    Auditors
Managing Director                  Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd
Heath Hellewell                    Level 3, 170 Frome Street
Non-executive Director             ADELAIDE South Australia 5000
Malcolm McComas
Non-executive Director             Solicitors
                                   Allens Linklaters
Company Secretary                  Level 11, Mia Yellagonga Tower 2
                                   5 Spring Street
Jarek Kopias
                                   PERTH Western Australia 6000

Chief Executive Officer
                                   Home Stock Exchange
Gareth Manderson
                                   Australian Securities Exchange
                                   20 Bridge Street
Chief Financial Officer            SYDNEY New South Wales 2000
Simon Iacopetta
                                   Stock Exchange Listing
Chief Operating Officer            Core Lithium Ltd (CXO) shares are listed on
Blair Duncan                       the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)

Registered and Principal Office    Share Registry
Level 5, 149 Flinders Street       Automic Group
ADELAIDE South Australia 5000      Level 5, 126 Phillip Street
                                   SYDNEY New South Wales 2000
Telephone: +61 8 8317 1700
                                   Telephone: +61 2 9698 54
Postal Address
GPO Box 1525
ADELAIDE South Australia 5000




                                         Core Lithium Annual Report 2022     111
