ANNUAL
REPORT ����




 Tanwan Inc. 贪玩
 Stock Code: ����
（Incorporated in the Cayman Islands
 with limited liability）
Contents
Corporate Information                             2

Five-Year Financial Summary                       3

Letter to Shareholders                            4

Management Discussion and Analysis                7

Biographies of Directors and Senior Management   23

Directors’ Report                                26

Corporate Governance Report                      52

Independent Auditor’s Report                     67

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and

 Other Comprehensive Income                      71

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     72

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      74

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             75

Notes to Consolidated Financial Information      77

Definitions                                      162
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                  HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
    Executive Directors                                                 Kirkland & Ellis
    Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer)                     26/F, Gloucester Tower
    Ms. WU Xuan (Chief Operating Officer)                               The Landmark
                                                                        15 Queen’s Road Central
    Independent Non-executive Directors                                 Hong Kong
    Ms. SONG Siyun
    Mr. QIN Yongde
                                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. ZHENG Yi                                                        190 Elgin Avenue
                                                                        George Town
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                     Grand Cayman KY1-9008
                                                                        Cayman Islands
    Ms. ZHENG Yi (Chairlady)
    Ms. SONG Siyun
    Mr. QIN Yongde
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND
                                                                        HEADQUARTERS IN THE PRC
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                              Floors 41, 62–66,
                                                                        Canton Financial Center
    Ms. SONG Siyun (Chairlady)
                                                                        656 Huangpu Avenue
    Mr. WU Xubo
                                                                        Tianhe District, Guangzhou
    Ms. ZHENG Yi
                                                                        Guangdong
                                                                        PRC
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman)                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
    Ms. SONG Siyun                                                      KONG
    Ms. ZHENG Yi
                                                                        40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre
                                                                        248 Queen’s Road East
    CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                                        Wanchai
    Mr. WU Xubo (since July 1, 2025)*                                   Hong Kong
    Ms. LIANG Wenhong (until July 1, 2025)*
                                                                        PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                                   OFFICE
    Ms. TSANG Wing Man                                                  Walkers Corporate Limited
                                                                        190 Elgin Avenue
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                          George Town
    Mr. WU Xubo                                                         Grand Cayman KY1-9008
    Ms. TSANG Wing Man                                                  Cayman Islands

    AUDITOR                                                             HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    Ernst & Young                                                       Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Certified Public Accountant and Registered Public Interest          17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Entity Auditor                                                      16 Harcourt Road
    27/F, One Taikoo Place                                              Hong Kong
    979 King’s Road
    Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                                               INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                                        Email: IR@tanwan.com

                                                                        COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                                                        https://www.tanwan.cn/

                                                                        STOCK CODE
                                                                        9890



    Note*: Ms. LIANG Wenhong resigned as the chief executive officer of the Group to focus on other business of the Group and Mr. WU Xubo
           was appointed as her successor, taking effect from July 1, 2025. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated June 30,
           2025 for further details.


2   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                               Five-Year Financial Summary

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                         2025        2024             2023         2022                 2021
                                                             (RMB in thousands)


Revenue                              4,158,199   5,580,112      6,514,585     8,817,221           5,735,718
Gross profit                         2,373,856   4,024,343      4,573,318     6,409,690           4,738,359
Profit before tax                    1,968,937      98,415        413,391       601,575             680,131
Profit for the year                  1,560,235      44,019        273,289       491,522             616,441
Earnings per share attributable to
  ordinary equity holders of the
  parent
  Basic (RMB)                             2.83        (—*)           0.47          9.65                   N/A
  Diluted (RMB)                           2.79        (—*)           0.46          9.60                   N/A

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                    As of December 31,
                                         2025        2024             2023         2022                 2021
                                                             (RMB in thousands)


Total non-current assets             2,180,078   1,599,422      3,204,232     4,181,409           2,766,389
Total current assets                 5,202,305   3,964,252      4,063,978     5,617,497           3,792,038
Total non-current liabilities          322,194      39,466        156,228       199,904             194,218
Total current liabilities            2,774,964   3,101,143      4,836,197     7,889,966           5,189,978
Total Equity                         4,285,225   2,423,065      2,275,785     1,709,036           1,174,231

*     Less than 0.01




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   3
    Letter to Shareholders

    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Tanwan Inc. (the “Company”), I am pleased to
    present to all Shareholders the performance report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended
    December 31, 2025.


    A DECADE OF CULTIVATION, UNWAVERING COMMITMENT
    2025 marks the tenth anniversary of the establishment of our “Tanwan Game” (貪玩遊戲) brand. Over the past decade of
    challenges, we have evolved from a game company with dreams into a comprehensive technology innovation enterprise
    driven by the dual engines of “AI + Games” and with a global footprint. This achievement would not have been possible
    without the steadfast support of our shareholders, the trust of our business partners, and the hard work of all our
    employees.

    This year, rather than resting on our past laurels, we ventured beyond our comfort zone with greater resolve to deepen
    our strategic transformation. From the continuous rejuvenation of classic IPs to the explosive growth of mini-program
    games, from core breakthroughs in overseas markets to the comprehensive application of AI technology in games, our
    entire industrial chain has worked in synergy to solidly implement various strategic initiatives, earning full recognition and
    firm support from the capital market. Every step of our exploration is anchored in long-term development, and every
    breakthrough accumulates the strength for growth.

    We have proven through action that the next decade of Tanwan Inc. is well worth looking forward to.


    CLASSIC CONTINUATION, ENDLESS INNOVATION
    Classic IPs are the foundation and core engine of our business. We continue to deepen our core IP matrix of “Legend” (傳
    奇), “Yulgang” (熱血江湖) and “MU” (奇蹟MU), conducting in-depth iterations and innovative interpretations of classic IPs.
    While preserving the iconic gameplay and nostalgic appeal, we continuously revitalize the vitality of these IPs. The value
    released through IP innovation and iteration is evident in the outstanding performance of “Yulgang: Return” (《熱血江湖:歸
    來》) in key overseas markets including South Korea, Thailand and Vietnam, which validates the effectiveness of our “global
    distribution + local cultural adaptation” strategy. We have also introduced premium IPs such as “Soul Land” (斗羅大陸),
    as well as “Jin Yong Martial Arts” (金庸武俠) IP series encompassing “The Smiling Proud Wanderer” (笑傲江湖), “Condor
    Trilogy” (射鵰三部曲) and “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils” (天龍八部) to enrich our diversified portfolio, including
    open-world and Chinese style martial arts. A number of game titles are poised for imminent release, laying a solid
    foundation for strong growth in 2026 and beyond. The vitality of classics lies in iteration, and we will continue to activate IP
    value through innovation, making our core assets a source of confidence for long-term development.

    We have accurately grasped industry trends and made significant strides in the mini-program game sector, achieving
    explosive growth. Leveraging the social fission advantages of platforms like WeChat and Douyin, we have launched a series
    of high-performing products such as “City of Dragontrail” (《龍蹟之城》) and “Legend of Origin” (《原始傳奇》). Among them,
    “City of Dragontrail” topped the WeChat Mini Games Bestseller List and remained in the TOP 10 for over a month, efficiently
    achieving cross-platform migration and low-cost user acquisition. Today, our mini-program product matrix has become a
    critical component of the Group’s diversified layout, injecting new vitality into business growth.




4   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        Letter to Shareholders

DUAL BRANDS, GLOBAL EXPANSION
2025 witnessed a new phase in our overseas business. The Group’s dual domestic and overseas brands worked in
synergy with “Tanwan Game” (貪玩遊戲) rooted in the domestic market and “Game Lovin” expanding globally, driving
continuous and rapid growth in both domestic and overseas revenues, and truly fulfilling our strategic vision of “Global
Cross-Expansion, Cultural Outreach”.

Building on our solid foundation in overseas markets, during the Reporting Period, our revenue from overseas business
reached RMB833.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.6%, accounting for 20.0% of total revenue
for the same year. This year, we successfully completed the official integration and upgrade of our overseas game
business distribution brand. Taking this opportunity, our overseas distribution capabilities have reached new heights,
with multiple products achieving impressive rankings on leading charts, demonstrating the global appeal of our premium
games. Meanwhile, we continue to deepen our dual-engine strategy of “global distribution + local cultural adaptation”,
complemented by overseas KOL cultivation and in-depth local community operations, to build a robust global distribution
ecosystem.


AI EMPOWERMENT, A NEW ERA OF INTELLIGENCE
2025 marks a year of transformation as the Group fully embraced artificial intelligence. Facing the challenge of rising user
acquisition costs, we gradually upgraded our core “Five-Step Distribution Strategy” with AI capabilities, achieving in-depth
empowerment across the full life cycle of game publishing, operation and R&D. In terms of creative content, the Company
has fully integrated cutting-edge large models such as Seedance 2.0. Leveraging the deep expertise of our internal core
R&D team, we have built a diversified AI agent system and AIGC middleware platform for our content creation and design
teams, significantly enhancing creative efficiency. In terms of placement and data analysis, our self-developed “Hetu” (河圖)
intelligence analytics system, “Luoshu” (洛書) intelligent placement system, and AI model platform “X intelligent platform” (X
智慧平台) work in synergy to accurately target user groups, significantly reduce the production cycle of marketing materials
and lower trial-and-error costs in placement, enabling unified control of multi-channel advertising and real-time intelligent
regulation of traffic.

Technology is not just a tool, but the core engine driving corporate transformation. We firmly believe that AI will
fundamentally reshape the way games are produced and the nature of user experiences, and Tanwan stands at the
forefront of this revolution.


INTEGRATION OF GAMING + NEW CONSUMPTION
In the field of diversified business expansion, we are centering our strategy on the user ecosystem and are advancing into
the “Games + New Consumption” track, focusing on two core business segments: pop toys and fast-food. Leveraging the
precise digital marketing, in-depth user operation, and professional brand incubation capabilities accumulated by “Tanwan”
brand in the Internet field, we have realized the diversified monetization and value extension of digital IPs, exploring new
paths for industrial integration and development.

In 2025, the Group’s pop toy brand TANWAN secured the exclusive IP licensing for the “GARFIELD Family (加菲貓家族)
and, through collaborations with external partners, entered into contracts with over 200 emerging avant-garde artists,
creating a pop toy ecosystem supported by three pillars: the “Classic IP + Artist IP”, “Emotional Interactive Design” and
“Scenario-based Social Experience”. Meanwhile, our fast-food brand “ZAZA GRAY” (渣渣灰) leveraged game IPs to achieve
brand upgrading with a positioning of “regional flavors + youth”, while simultaneously fulfilling our social responsibility of
supporting agriculture through the industry.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   5
    Letter to Shareholders

    CAPITAL MARKET RECOGNITION, DEEP CULTIVATION OF VALUE
    In 2025, the Group achieved remarkable results in the capital market. During the year, we completed share repurchases
    totaling over HK$120 million at an average repurchase price of HK$14 per share, continuing to advance the Group’s share
    repurchase scheme.

    On December 18, 2025, the Company announced the issuance of zero-coupon Convertible Bonds totaling HK$468 million.
    The raised funds will be exclusively allocated to strategic deployment and investments in AI-related industries.

    Following its inclusion in the Hang Seng Composite Index constituents in March 2024, the Company has been included
    again in the MSCI China Small Cap Index constituents in February 2026, demonstrating its continuously enhanced standing
    and recognition in the capital markets.

    We understand that the trust from the capital market is hard-earned. Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on enhancing
    long-term value, continuously optimize our investor communication mechanism, and improve the transparency and clarity
    of information disclosure, so that global investors can gain a clearer understanding of the strategic direction and growth
    potential of the Group.


    LOOKING AHEAD, STEADY AND FAR-REACHING
    In 2026, we will witness the launch of more blockbuster products, the adoption of more cutting-edge technologies, and
    more breakthroughs in international markets. We will also continue to optimize our talent structure, invigorate organizational
    vitality, and allow more bold, creative, and ambitious young talents to take center stage.

    A decade is just the beginning.

    On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all the Directors and
    employees for their efforts and contributions. At the same time, I would like to sincerely thank all Shareholders, customers
    and business partners for their full trust and firm support.




    Tanwan Inc.
    WU Xubo
    Chairman




6   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
1.   Industry Review
     According to the year-end review article Year in review: 2025 to date (also known as State of Gaming in 2025, a
     year-end update to the Global Games Market Report and Forecasts) released by Newzoo on December 18, 2025, the
     global games market is projected to reach US$197 billion in 2025, representing a year-on-year (“YoY”) growth of
     7.5%. Among this, the global mobile games market will amount to US$108 billion in 2025, with a YoY growth of
     7.7%.

     According to the 2025 China Gaming Industry Report (《2025年中國遊戲產業報告》) jointly released by the Game
     Publishing Committee of China Audio-video and Digital Publishing Association (中國音數協遊戲工委) and the Expert
     Committee on Game Industry Research (遊戲產業研究專家委員會), in 2025, the actual sales revenue of Chinese
     domestic gaming market was RMB350.79 billion, representing a YoY increase of 7.68%. In 2025, the number of game
     users in China reached 683 million, representing a YoY increase of 1.35%.

     On April 18, 2025, the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署) and other authorities issued
     the Notice on the Science and Technology Innovation Leadership Plan for Online Publishing (《網絡出版科技創
     新引領計劃》) (Guo Xin Chu Fa [2025] No. 6) (the “Plan”). The Plan states that online publishing is an emerging
     publishing business format characterized by the deep integration of culture and technology. The Plan supports online
     publishing enterprises to establish R&D institutions such as corporate laboratories and technology centers focused on
     technologies related to online publishing, including artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and blockchain;
     promote the research and application of blockchain technology in areas such as copyright registration, rights
     protection, transactions and settlement; and provide support for the joint R&D and adaptation of games and graphics
     processing units (GPUs) and other basic products.

     On April 21, 2025, the State Council Information Office (國務院新聞辦公室) held a press conference to introduce the
     Comprehensive Pilot Work Project for Accelerating the Opening-up of the Service Industry 《加快推進服務業擴大開
                                                                                                    (
     放綜合試點工作方案》) (the “Project”). The Project sets out to support the open development of the digital industry,
     supporting the expansion of overseas gaming operations, broadening application scenarios, and establishing an entire
     industrial chain layout spanning IP creation, game production, distribution, and overseas operations.

     In November 2025, the General Office of the State Council (國務院辦公廳) issued the Implementation Opinions on
     Accelerating Scenario Cultivation and Opening to Promote the Large-Scale Application of New Scenarios (《關於
     加快場景培育和開放推動新場景大規模應用的實施意見》), proposing the formation of a pathway from “technological
     breakthroughs — scenario validation — industrial application — system upgrades” to expedite the cultivation and
     expansion of economic and social application scenarios. This includes delving into the potential of data elements,
     supporting technological innovation in areas such as data analysis and mining, circulation and utilization, and security
     protection, enriching the supply of data products and services, and exploring innovative application scenarios of
     technologies such as metaverse, virtual reality, intelligent computing power and robots in office, social interaction,
     consumption, entertainment and other fields, so as to promote the deep integration of the real economy and the digital
     economy.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

           On March 13, 2026, the Outline of the 15th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the
           People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國國民經濟和社會發展第十五個五年規劃綱要》                              ) (the “Outline”) was officially
           issued. The Outline proposes to transform and upgrade traditional cultural industries, promote the integration of
           culture and technology, and advance the digital and intelligent empowerment and informatization transformation of
           cultural development. It calls for the development of new cultural formats such as digital animation, immersive
           performances, online broadcasting, short videos, and micro-dramas, while guiding the healthy development of online
           literature, online games, and online audio-visual content. At the same time, the Outline encourages cultural
           enterprises to pursue international operations, promotes the global expansion of high-quality online literature, online
           games, film and television animation, and premium exhibitions, and strengthens the construction of key bases for
           international communication and national cultural export bases.

    2.     Main Strategies and Business Overview of the Company
           With “Get back your playful youth time” as its founding aspiration and “Create joy to end-users and empower our
           business partners in the digital era” as its corporate mission, the Group is dedicated to becoming an AI-driven
           enterprise that brings delight to users and delivers premium services to game developers in the new era of “AI +
           Game”.

           During the Reporting Period, pursuant to a special resolution passed by the Company’s shareholders at the
           extraordinary general meeting held on August 8, 2025, the English name of the Company has been changed from “ZX
           Inc.” to “Tanwan Inc.”, and the Chinese name “貪玩” has been adopted and registered as the dual foreign name of the
           Company, replacing its original Chinese name “中旭未來”. Following the name change, the Group’s “Tanwan” brand
           will collaborate with the overseas game publishing sub brand “Game Lovin” to jointly establish a dual-drive strategic
           framework, working together to unleash stronger brand momentum.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved a revenue of RMB4,158.2 million (2024: RMB5,580.1 million). The
           net profit of the Group for the year was RMB1,560.2 million (2024: RMB44.0 million).

           The overseas business revenue was RMB833.1 million, representing a YOY increase of 33.6% compared to
           RMB623.4 million in 2024, accounting for 20.0% of total revenue, representing an increase by 8.9 percentage points
           from 11.1% in 2024.

           2.1    Game Segment
                  Centering its core business of “global distribution and operation of IP products”, the Group anchored its game
                  product system in “refinement, diversification, globalization, and long-term operation”. In the new era of “AI +
                  Games”, with the deep empowerment of AI technology in game distribution business, the Group maximizes
                  game product value through precision marketing and long-term operation.


                  In terms of distribution strategy, the Group continues to explore and innovate, and steadily advance its core
                  strategy of “web games, mobile games, mini-programs, overseas markets, and globalization” (the “Five-Step
                  Distribution Strategy”), on the basis of the historical success in web and mobile games distribution, it will
                  further break through the huge potential of game distribution markets such as mini-programs, overseas markets,
                  and global publishing operations to consistently enhance market coverage and business growth momentum.
                  Today, the Group has established a multi-dimensional game distribution network with interconnected platforms,
                  multi-regional coverage and comprehensive user reach.


                  In terms of product deployment, the Group distributes through a multi-terminal layout mainly consisting of “App
                  + mini-programs”, thereby reaching a wider user base and expanding the audience for its games. In terms of
                  market coverage, the Group takes the domestic market as its foundation while proactively expanding overseas
                  markets, continuously enhancing the global recognition and influence of game IPs.

8   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis

2.1.1 Classic IPs: Long-term Value, Innovation and Iteration Drive Business Growth
     The Group leverages its classic IP portfolio through sustained iteration and content innovation, refining
     premium games to fuel business growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group operated and promoted
     top-tier classic IPs including “Legend” (傳奇), “Yulgang” (熱血江湖) and “MU” (奇蹟MU).


     “Legend”
     “Legend” is one of the most influential super IPs in the history of China’s online game development and
     also one of the client-game IPs with the highest revenue output in the country. According to estimates
     from the “Legend” IP Ecosystem Development Research Report released by Gamma Data (Beijing Gamma
     New Media Culture Communication Co., Ltd.), the market size of the “Legend” IP reached RMB35.55
     billion in 2025 and has remained around RMB30 billion for consecutive years. As of 2025, the “Legend” IP
     has generated an aggregate value of RMB370 billion, with a continued growth potential of over RMB100
     billion in the future.


    Through technological innovation, the Group successfully achieved the transition of “Legend” IP games
    from PC to mobile internet. The related game products span multiple platforms, including mini-programs,
    mobile game Apps and web games, with distribution targeting global markets. In the field of mini program
    distribution for “Legend” games, the Group has achieved remarkable results, with the main products
    including “Legend of Origin” (《原始傳奇》), “City of Dragontrail” (《龍蹟之城》), “Swallowing Blade” (《吞食
    之刃》), “Blooded Attack” (《熱血合擊》) and “Tiger Guardian God of War” (《虎衛戰神》). In 2025, the mini-
    program version of “City of Dragontrail” topped the WeChat Mini Games Bestseller List and remained in the
    top ten for an entire month.


     “Yulgang”
     “Yulgang Online” (《熱血江湖Online》       ) was launched in 2005 by a South Korea company Mgame Co., Ltd.
     With its lighthearted and humorous martial arts style, distinctive character settings, and rich gameplay, the
     game attracted a large number of players, becoming a phenomenal martial arts IP game during the golden
     age of Chinese online games. The Group has innovatively interpreted the “Yulgang” IP, making the spirit of
     chivalry continue to radiate vitality in the mobile era. The Group has also released multiple “Yulgang” IP
     mobile products, including “All People’s Jianghu” (  《全民江湖》      ) and “Yulgang: Return” ( 《熱血江湖：歸來》        ).
     Among them, “Yulgang: Return” has swept various lists: in South Korea, it successfully topped the App
     Store Free List at No.1; in Thailand, it even swept the Free Lists across Google Play, App Store, and
     LDPlayer, achieving No.1 on all fronts; in the Taiwan region of China, it instantly grabbed the No. 1 spot on
     the App Store Free List and No. 2 on the Top-Grossing List, demonstrating strong popularity and global
     appeal.

     “MU”
          《奇蹟MU》
     “MU” (          ) was a MMORPG online game product developed by a South Korea company Webzen Inc.
     ( 網禪公司) in 2002. In recent years, the “MU” IP has been continuously innovating, expanding from client-
     based games to web games, mobile games, and other formats. Multiple derivative products under this IP
     have achieved remarkable success in the market, generating impressive revenue. The Group has launched
     game products such as “MU: Dragon Harvoc” (       《神兵奇蹟》     ) and “New Moon Continent” ( 《新月大陸》     )
     domestically, and “MU: Dragon Havoc” (  《奇蹟MU：無限金蛋》                                 《奇蹟MU：經典之戰》
                                                               ) and “MU: Classic Battle” (               )
     overseas, with distribution covering the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region, Southeast
     Asia, Europe and America.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

                   2.1.2 Premium IPs: Unleash Value Potential, Create Multi-dimensional Premium Products
                           To enrich the pipeline of game products and achieve diversified development, the Group actively
                           introduces and deeply operates premium IPs. Through creative reconstruction and digital empowerment,
                           the Group maximizes the potential of IPs and builds a diversified game matrix across themes (such as
                           open-world and Chinese-style martial arts), categories (such as simulation management and casual
                           competition) and user groups. In terms of IP cooperation, the Group establishes deep collaborations with
                           IP licensors and game developers through investment, ecosystem co-construction, and technology
                           sharing, jointly exploring multidimensional development paths for IPs to consistently create premium
                           games.

                           During the Reporting Period, premium IPs operated, promoted and reserved by the Group include “Soul
                           Land” (斗羅大陸), as well as “Jin Yong Martial Arts” (金庸武俠) IP series encompassing “The Demi-Gods
                           and Semi-Devils” (天龍八部) “Condor Trilogy” (射鵰三部曲) and “The Smiling Proud Wanderer” (笑傲江湖).
                           As of the annual report date, the licensed game “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2: Flying Dragon Battles
                           against the Heavens” (《天龍八部2: 飛龍戰天》), which was adapted from Jin Yong Martial Arts masterpiece
                           “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils” has launched both its App and mini-program versions. Meanwhile, the
                           open-world large-scale 3D game “Soul Land: Legend of Evil Slayer” (《斗羅大陸: 誅邪傳說》), developed
                           based on the “Soul Land” IP, is currently in preparation.


                   2.1.3 Mini-Program Games: Opening A New Growth Curve
                          According to the 2025 China Gaming Industry Report, mini-program games continued to grow rapidly,
                          while multi-platform distribution was maintained. Both hardcore and lightweight games exhibited a trend of
                          parallel development. In 2025, the revenue of China’s mini-program game market has reached RMB53.535
                          billion, representing a significant YoY increase of 34.39%. The mini-program game sector has also become
                          a key component of the Group’s diversified game product matrix. The Group has adapted and innovated
                          classic IPs such as “Legend”, “Yulgang” and “MU”, launching mini-program versions of “Legend of Origin”,
                          “City of Dragontrail”, “MU: Dragon Harvoc”, “All People’s Jianghu”, successfully achieving cross-platform
                          user traffic diversion and opening new growth curves. Meanwhile, the Group actively lays out emerging
                          categories of mini-program games such as casual competitive games, martial arts RPGs, and tower
                          defense games. It has released multiple mini-program games including “City of Dragontrail”, “Tiny Troopers”
                          《小兵大作戰》
                          (              ) and “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2: Flying Dragon Battles against the Heavens”, rapidly
                          acquiring users through the social viral characteristics of mini-program platforms dominated by WeChat
                          and Douyin. In 2025, the mini-program version of “City of Dragontrail” topped the WeChat Mini Games
                          Bestseller List and remained in the top ten for an entire month.


                           In terms of operational strategy, the Group maintains user activity through the “short-cycle iterations +
                           social incentives” model to promote the iteration of game functions suitable for the characteristics of
                           mini-programs and leverages the inherent social dissemination advantages of mini-programs to achieve
                           low-cost user acquisition.




10   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis

      2.1.4 Diversified Innovation Tracks: Expanding the User Base Continuously
           While cultivating classic IPs and actively introducing premium IPs, the Group also proactively explores
           innovative breakthroughs in diverse and creative game tracks. Since 2024, the Group has successively
           launched new games in fields such as casual game, simulation games (SLG), MAG (Manga, Anime and
           Games) game and tower defense game. Through differentiated content innovation, the Group continues to
           break through user layers and build a diversified game ecosystem with enduring vitality.


      2.1.5 “Global Cross-Expansion”: Realize the Double Leap of Cultural Overseas and Commercial
           Expansion
            The Group integrates the dual engines of “global distribution + local cultural adaptation”, comprehensively
            linking overseas KOL cultivation and in-depth community collaboration. As of December 31, 2025, the
            Group has successfully distributed and operated over 30 multilingual games in 11 different language
            versions across multiple international markets, including Southeast Asia, the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao
            SAR and the Taiwan region, Japan, South Korea, Europe and America. Several game products have
            achieved outstanding rankings on top list, such as “Legend of Origin” (South Korea), “Blooded Attack”
            (South Korea), “All People’s Jianghu” (the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region, South
            Korea, Thailand, Vietnam), “Yulgang: Return” (South Korea, Thailand), “MU: Dragon Harvoc” (Europe,
            America, Brazil, Thailand, Vietnam), which topped Best-Selling List on iOS and Google Play in global
            markets. Additionally, the Group has more than ten overseas game reserves, including “The Demi-Gods
            and Semi-Devils 2: Flying Dragon Battles against the Heavens” (《天龍八部2：飛龍戰天》, to be launched in
            Thailand and Vietnam), “Seal: Back to Shiltz” (希望之啟航, to be launched globally), “Merge Kingdoms” (《小
            兵大作戰》, to be launched in Southeast Asia, the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region
            and South Korea), “Stickman GO” (《超元氣火柴人》, to be launched in Southeast Asia), “던전：이세계용사”
           (《榮耀全明星》South Korea) and “Anh Hung BấtDiệt” (《英雄沒有閃》, to be launched in Vietnam) etc.


           In 2025, the Group officially integrated its overseas game business distribution brand to “Game Lovin”,
           marking a new phase in its globalization journey. Game Lovin represents the founding intention of the
           “Tanwan Game” “Get back your playful youth time” and the unchanging love for games. By integrating core
           resources and professional capabilities of several overseas teams to build a more competitive international
           operation framework, the Group will further enhance its “global cross-expansion” market development
           strategy. Driven by dual wheels of innovation and localized operations, the Group will continuously expand
           into key markets including Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea, Europe, America and the Middle East,
           committed to building a globally influential gaming ecosystem platform.


2.2   “AI+ Games” Empowering the Game Business, Open A New Chapter in The Era of AI
      The essence of AI-driven empowerment is to build a data flywheel. With data-driven as the core and AI
      technology application as the essence, we have built an AI technology foundation for the full life cycle of the
      game business covering game publishing, game operation, and game research and development.

      The Group places high importance on the application and innovation of AI technology in the gaming sector. AI
      technology has become the core driver of the Group’s gaming application and innovation and a key engine for
      corporate transformation.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

                   2.2.1 AI Agent Ecosystem Paradigm Shift
                           The gaming industry is undergoing a paradigm shift from “digital content” to “AI Agent ecosystems”.

                           During the Reporting Period, the Group upgraded its existing self-developed systems with AI through the
                           integration and application of multiple mainstream large models and AI algorithms. The Group also
                           developed and built multiple comprehensive intelligent agents to achieve the improvement of efficiency and
                           effectiveness.

                           As of the date of this annual report, the Group has completed the integration of the Seedance 2.0 version,
                           systematically advancing the deep implementation of AI technology across game development, creative
                           design, marketing, and middleware support. This effort has established a comprehensive AI content
                           generation system covering the full chain of “Creativity — Tools — Design — Tracking”.

                           Intelligence Analytics System — the “Hetu” (河圖) System: The Group’s proprietary business
                           intelligence analytics system, which is capable of efficiently monitoring core data metrics and intelligently
                           analyzing marketing effectiveness. We deeply integrated AI capabilities into the “Hetu” system, building an
                           intelligent data analysis expert intelligent agent.

                           Intelligent Placement System — the “Luoshu” (洛書) System: It realizes the centralized management
                           of various media platforms, matches customers’ needs with the traffic supply bidding systems of major
                           channels, provides AI-driven omnichannel placement recommendations.

                           We have built the art intelligent agent and placement intelligent agent on the foundation of the “Luoshu”
                           system. For the first approach, we leverage our extensive historical ad material resources to refine core
                           material tags and optimize the material generation model, delivering end-to-end ad material production
                           capabilities. The AI penetration rate for generating art images, videos, and audio content all exceed 80%,
                           with efficiency improvements surpassing 70%. For the second approach, we utilize AI algorithms to
                           analyze historical data and monitor real-time traffic fluctuations, enabling intelligent monitoring and
                           adjustment of ad tiers. Through an LTV prediction model combined with smart control strategies, we
                           achieve dynamic, cross-channel optimal allocation of advertising budgets, achieving an 80%
                           comprehensive AI ad penetration rate and a 70% increase in ad placement efficiency.

                           “X intelligent platform” (X智慧平台): An AI model for the game industry independently developed by the
                           Group, which is composed of the Hetu System and the Luoshu System as the underlying technology. It
                           utilizes AI algorithms for big data analysis and provides AI-driven omnichannel placement
                           recommendations.

                           The Group’s self-developed and established multi-agent system will continuously optimize end-to-end
                           business processes through its AI task planning and intelligent execution engine, achieving a
                           productivity-driven intelligent leap.




12   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis

      2.2.2 The Group’s investments and applications in other AI fields
           In May 2025, Hong Kong Yuanda Future Limited (香港遠達未來有限公司) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
           Group dedicated to AI applications and investments), entered into an investment agreement with entities
           including Hangzhou Kaixing Internet Technology Company Limited (杭 州愷 興 網絡 科 技 有限 公司) (a
           wholly-owned subsidiary of Kingnet Network Co., Ltd. (愷英網絡股份有限公司) (SZSE: 002517)), to jointly
           invest in Hangzhou Jiyi Artificial Intelligence Technology Company Limited (杭州極逸人工智能科技有限公司) and
           to promote the application of the “SOON” AI large model and AI engine in the gaming field. By utilizing the
           technical support of the large model of “SOON”, the Group has achieved cost reduction and efficiency
           improvement in the release and operation of game products, and promoted the efficiency of the Group’s
           connection with game developers as well as the efficiency of new game launch testing.

2.3   New Consumption Segment
      Through a decade of entrepreneurial journey, the Group has gradually accumulated and developed three core
      competencies: digital marketing, in-depth operations, and brand development. By organically integrating these
      capabilities, we have established a distinctive new consumption business model. Our new consumption segment
      encompasses sales of pop cultural products and fast food empowered by the content we created or marketed.

      2.3.1 Pop Toy: Constructing a New Ecology of Life Integration
           TANWAN, a pop toy brand under the Group, creates a lifestyle-integrated ecosystem through three pillars:
           the “Classic IP + Artist IP”, “Emotional Interactive Design” and “Scenario-based Social Experience”.

           TANWAN unveiled its first crystal-themed proprietary IP “Lilia Angel” in 2025.

           In September 2025, the Group signed the “GARFIELD Family (加菲貓家族) IP Licensing Agreement”,
           securing a five-year ‘exclusive license’ to develop and sell non-functional collectible 3D toys, including
           figurines, blind boxes, sculptures, building blocks, and plush products.

           In November 2025, the Group signed a five-year “Artist Work Development Cooperation Agreement”,
           integrating resources from over 200 collectible art creators to develop, sale, and promote art derivatives.
           Leveraging its deep expertise in digital entertainment, the Group will fully utilize its professional strengths in
           product development, sale channels, event planning, and creative promotion to unlock diversified value
           from artists’ intellectual properties (IPs). Going forward, the Group will explore further collaboration
           opportunities with artists, gradually expanding partnerships to its own brands and internationally renowned
           classic IP brands, driving creative diversification of IP products.

      2.3.2 Cross-border brand “ZAZA GRAY” (渣渣灰 )”: Steadily Promoting the Business Model of “Game +
            Agricultural Assistance + New Consumption”
           In 2020, the Group launched the fast food brand “ZAZA GRAY” (渣渣灰), pioneering a tripartite business
           model integrating “Game + Agricultural Assistance + New Consumption”. Jiangxi mixed flour, Xinjiang fried
           rice noodles and other products under “ZAZA GRAY” brand have achieved leading sales performance in
           this category of products. The Group’s strong brand appeal among game users has served as an
           important engine for expanding its instant food business. Through online live streaming and offline
           supermarket sales, we achieved deep integration between the digital economy and the real economy. Most
           notably, the “ZAZA GRAY” brand has established a direct-sourcing supply chain with rural revitalization
           production areas, committed to building a sustainable development model that delivers both economic
           benefits and social value.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     3.     Shareholder Return and Refinancing
            3.1    Stick to the commitment of shareholder return and continue to buy back to show confidence
                   The Company has consistently prioritized shareholders’ interests as our core mission, dedicated to enhancing
                   corporate value, optimizing capital structure and sharing growth dividends with investors. On May 13, 2025, the
                   Board of the Company duly resolved to exercise the share repurchase mandate, and planned to repurchase
                   shares with an aggregate maximum amount of HK$300 million within 12 months based on the market conditions
                   and funding arrangement. The Company steadfastly advanced our share repurchase program, demonstrating
                   the management’s unwavering confidence in the Company’s value and long-term development through concrete
                   actions. During the Reporting Period, and up to the date of this annual report, the Company had repurchased
                   11,418,000 shares at an average price of approximately HK$15 per share, representing 2.1% of the total issued
                   share capital, with a total repurchase amount exceeding HK$170 million.

            3.2    International Capital Facilitates Strategic Upgrade of Zero-Coupon Convertible Bonds Issuance
                   To further build future core competitiveness and accelerate the deep integration of technology and business, as
                   of the date of this annual report, the Company has completed the issuance of zero-coupon Convertible Bonds
                   totaling HK$468 million. These bonds were fully subscribed by the internationally renowned investment
                   management fund LMR Multi-Strategy Master Fund Limited. This successful issuance has introduced top-tier
                   international strategic investors, significantly optimizing the Company’s shareholder structure and capital
                   strength. The raised funds will be exclusively allocated to strategic deployment and investments in AI-related
                   industries, providing long-term capital support for the Company’s comprehensive acceleration of the
                   “AI+Games” strategy. Additionally, the proceeds from the convertible bond issuance will supplement the
                   Company’s existing funding sources, helping to establish a more balanced and efficient capital structure. This
                   will consolidate the Company’s financial position, enhance capital efficiency, and support the development of
                   future core competitiveness.

     4.     Outlook
            The Group consistently adheres to the philosophy of high-quality development, deeply delving into the gaming
            ecosystem and building a diversified IP matrix. Under the global strategic deployment, we will continue to enhance
            the global distribution system of Five-Step Distribution Strategy, achieving business growth through refined
            placement, cultural profound adaptation and long-term operational strategies. We will also integrate AI technology to
            enhance operational efficiency and user stickiness, comprehensively empowering core aspects including game R&D,
            content production and player services. This will drive intelligent upgrades, creating richer and more personalized
            experiences for players.

           The Group has a diversified pipeline of game products, including: “Soul Land” open-world games like “Soul Land:
           Legend of Evil Slayer” (《斗羅大陸：誅邪傳說》), “Yulgang” IP games like “Yulgang: Awakening” (《熱血江湖：覺醒》),
           “Legend” large-scale MMORPG games like “Legend of King 2” 《王者傳奇2》  (              ), “Blue Moon Dragon Slayer” 《藍月屠
                                                                                                                          (
           龍》), and “Jin Yong Martial Arts” themed games like “The Smiling Proud Wanderer: The Legend of Heroes” (《笑傲江
           湖：群俠傳》) and “The Legend of the Condor Heroes: Mount Hua Sword Duel” (《新射鵰之華山論劍》), as well as “Space
           Hunter: Awakening” (《時空獵人 · 覺醒》) and “Dreamscape Warrior” (《夢境勇士》). Relevant game products are poised
           for imminent release and will be launched sequentially in the future, further enriching the Group’s product matrix.




14   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Revenue
Our revenue is generated primarily from (i) marketing and operating online games developed by game developers and other
marketing business; and (ii) emerging consumer product business, primarily including sales of our private-label fast foods
under the brand “ZAZA GRAY” and Pop Toys.

The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue both in absolute amount and as a percentage of our total
revenue for the years indicated:

                                                                            For the Year Ended December 31
                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                     (RMB’000)           %      (RMB’000)                    %

Online Game Publishing Business and Other Marketing Business
Game products operated under the self-run model                       2,766,697       66.5%       4,118,801             73.9%
Game products operated under the joint-run model                      1,284,820       30.9%      1,329,845             23.8%
Others                                                                      427        0.0%         29,265               0.5%


Subtotal                                                              4,051,944       97.4%      5,477,911             98.2%

Consumer Product Business                                              106,255          2.6%       102,201              1.8%


Total                                                                 4,158,199      100.0%      5,580,112           100.0%


Our Group’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB4,158.2 million, representing a decrease of 25.5%
from RMB5,580.1 million in 2024. The decrease in the Group’s overall revenue was primarily attributable to lower revenue
generated from the game products we marketed and operated under the self-run model. This was primarily due to: (i) the
Group’s optimization of game publishing and marketing efficiency and strategic shift towards the mini-program game
publishing market during the Reporting Period, resulting in reduced overall promotional scale and lower gross billings for
certain game titles; and (ii) the decrease in gross billings during the Reporting Period from games launched in 2024, such
as “Soul Land: Shrek Academy” (   《斗羅大陸:史萊克學院》            ) and “Beast Lord: The New Land” (《野獸領主:新世界》      ), as compared
to their strong performance in 2024. In addition, revenue generated from the game products we marketed and operated
under the joint-run model remained largely stable. During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on its online game
publishing business and reduced investments in other marketing businesses, such as online literature products, resulting in
a significant decrease in revenue from other marketing businesses. During the Reporting Period, revenue from the Group’s
consumer product business remained largely stable.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Cost of Sales
     In 2025, the Group’s cost of sales was RMB1,784.3 million, representing an increase of 14.7% from RMB1,555.8 million in
     2024, mainly due to (i) the Group’s increased efforts in distributing mini-program games led to higher platform commission
     costs; and (ii) increased costs associated with new game platform partnerships.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     In 2025, the Group’s total gross profit was RMB2,373.9 million, representing a decrease of 41.0% from RMB4,024.3
     million in 2024, primarily due to the decrease in revenue and the increase in cost of sales.

     As a result, the Group’s gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was 57.1% (December 31, 2024:
     72.1%).

     Other Income and Gains
     In 2025, the Group’s other income and gains were RMB1,882.3 million, representing a significant increase of 1,055.3%
     from RMB162.9 million in 2024, primarily due to the increase in fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss (“FVTPL”) resulting from the increase in the fair value of financial instrument investments held by the Group.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     In 2025, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses were RMB1,875.9 million, representing a decrease of 46.7% from
     RMB3,516.7 million in 2024. This was mainly because (i) AI technology enabled automated generation of promotional
     materials for game launches and optimized placement model algorithms, resulting in lower marketing expense ratios; (ii)
     several game product portfolios launched and operated by the Group entered the maturity phase during the Reporting
     Period, with reduced brand effects lowering customer acquisition costs; and (iii) overall compensation for sales personnel,
     including share-based incentives, decreased.

     Administrative Expenses
     In 2025, the Group’s administrative expenses were RMB170.4 million, representing a decrease of 11.3% from RMB192.1
     million in 2024. This was mainly because the overall compensation related to administrative personnel, including share-
     based incentives, decreased during the Reporting Period.

     R&D Costs
     In 2025, the Group’s R&D costs were RMB98.3 million, representing a decrease of 23.0% from RMB127.7 million in 2024,
     mainly due to the decrease in overall compensation related to R&D personnel, including share-based incentives, was
     recorded during the Reporting Period.

     Other Expenses
     In 2025, the Group’s other expenses were RMB44.4 million, representing a decrease of 58.7% from RMB107.4 million in
     2024. The YoY decrease in other expenses was primarily due to: (i) lower impairment losses on fixed assets recognized in
     2025 compared to the same period in 2024; (ii) impairment losses on goodwill recognized in the same period in 2024 no
     longer existed in 2025; and (iii) the change in fair value of shares of other listed companies held by the Group (classified as
     FVTPL financial assets) turned from a loss in 2024 to a gain in 2025.

     Finance Costs
     In 2025, the Group’s finance costs were RMB14.1 million, representing a decrease of 66.8% from RMB42.5 million in
     2024. The decrease was mainly due to (i) a reduction in finance costs on the Group’s bills payable, which was in line with
     the decrease in the Group’s bills payable; and (ii) lower finance costs resulting from a decline in interest rates.




16   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis

Share of Profits and Losses of Joint Ventures
In 2025, the Group recorded share of profits of RMB25.9 million, representing an increase of 137.4% from RMB10.9 million
in 2024. This change was mainly due to the increase in profits from our joint venture, Zhejiang Xuwan Technology Co., Ltd
(浙江旭玩科技有限公司).

Share of Profits and Losses of Associates
In 2025, the Group recorded share of profits of RMB14.5 million, representing a decrease of 33.8% from RMB21.9 million
in 2024. The change was mainly due to the decrease in profits from our associate Shanghai Dehan Technology Co., Ltd.
(上海德寒科技有限公司).

Income Tax Expense
In 2025, the Group recorded income tax expense of RMB408.7 million, representing a significant increase of 651.3% from
RMB54.4 million in 2024. The increase in income tax expense for the year compared to the previous year was primarily
attributable to the Group’s substantial profit, driven by factors such as increased fair value gains on FVTPL financial assets
and profits from subsidiaries, resulting in a corresponding increase in income tax expenses.

Profit for the Year
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group recorded a profit of RMB1,560.2 million (2024: RMB44.0 million). The
Group achieved a significant increase in net profit for the Reporting Period, which was mainly attributable to the following
factors: (i) a significant increase in fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in relation to shares
of other listed company held by the Group; (ii) an increase in revenue from overseas game publishing business with higher
operating profit margins; (iii) a decrease in selling and distribution expenses, which was due to (a) the application of AI
technology in game distribution operations and optimization of placement model algorithms; (b) the Group was in the
process of optimizing and refining reserve game products, which had not been promoted on a large scale; and (c) the
decrease in user acquisition costs driven by the brand effect as certain game product portfolios had entered a mature
phase. The above factors collectively led to a decrease in selling and distribution expenses, lowering the marketing
expense ratios, thereby driving the growth in profits from the game business; however, (iv) they were partially offset by
impairment on certain historical game royalty fees.

Trade Receivables
The Group’s trade receivables remained relatively stable at RMB237.2 million and RMB221.3 million as of December 31,
2024 and 2025, respectively.

Trade Payables
The Group’s trade payables remained relatively stable at RMB475.5 million and RMB451.2 million as of December 31,
2024 and 2025, respectively.

Bills Payable
As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s bills payable were RMB1,303.8 million, representing a decrease of 14.8% from
RMB1,530.1 million as of December 31, 2024, mainly due to the decrease in supplier settlements made through bank
acceptance bills during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB376.0 million (December 31, 2024: RMB515.0
     million), representing cash and bank balance, net of restricted cash. Cash and cash equivalents were held in RMB,
     Singapore Dollars, HK dollars, US dollars, Japanese yen and Euro. Going forward, the Group believes that its liquidity
     requirements will be satisfied by using a combination of cash generated from operating activities, funds raised from the
     capital markets from time to time and the net proceeds received from the Global Offering.

     On January 8, 2026, the Company completed the issuance of HK$468,000,000 zero coupon Convertible Bonds due 2027
     under the general mandate. Save as disclosed above, the Group currently does not have any other plans for material
     additional external financing.

     Bank Borrowings
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of RMB34.4 million (December 31,
     2024: RMB199.6 million). The Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were discounted bills and bank loans
     provided by commercial banks to the Group, both of which were fully secured by pledges during the ordinary course of
     business. The interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were denominated in RMB and bore interests at rates ranging
     from 1.0% to 2.0% (2024: 1.0% to 2.8%) per annum.

     Gearing Ratio
     The Group monitored its capital sufficiency using gearing ratio. As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (debt,
     including interest-bearing bank borrowings and lease liabilities, as a percentage of total equity as of the end of the relevant
     reporting period) was 0.02 (December 31, 2024: 0.10).

     Current Ratio
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s current ratio (total current assets divided by total current liabilities as of the end of
     the relevant reporting period) was 1.87 (December 31, 2024: 1.28).

     Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
     associates and joint ventures.

     Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had no specific plan for material investments and acquisition or disposal of capital
     assets.

     Capital Expenditure
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, total capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB219.5 million (December
     31, 2024: RMB50.7 million), which was used for the purchase of properties and equipments and other intangible assets.

     Contingent Liabilities
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantees of any litigations or claims
     of material importance, pending or threatened against any member of the Company.

     Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging
     The Group’s financial statements were expressed in RMB, but the Group undertook certain transactions in foreign
     currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not hold any financial instruments
     for hedging purposes. The Group manages its currency risks by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency
     rates and considers hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.



18   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis

Employee, Remuneration and Option Scheme
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 1,239 employees (December 31, 2024: 912), all of whom were based in China
(including the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region). The number of employees employed by the Group
varies from time to time depending on need, and the remuneration of employees is determined in accordance with industry
practice. The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB301.6 million
(same period in 2024: RMB366.5 million), representing a decrease of 17.7% compared to the same period of 2024.

The Group compensates its employees with salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, equity-settled share payment
expenses and pension scheme contributions. The Group determines employees’ compensation packages on the basis of
work performance and the market standard of remuneration. The Group also makes sufficient provisions for its employees
regarding the social insurance and housing provident fund contributions as required by the PRC laws and regulations.

The Group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the
Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and not previously covered by the defined
benefit retirement plan. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees.

The Group has also adopted a pre-IPO share option plan to provide incentives for eligible participants who contribute to
the success of the Group’s operations, including among others, employees of the Group. Please refer to the section
headed “Statutory and General Information — D. Pre-IPO Share Option Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further
details.

The Group regularly reviews the remuneration policy and overall remuneration of its employees. For the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Group did not experience any material labor disputes or strikes that may have a material and
adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations, or any material difficulty in recruiting employees.

Charge on Assets
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had pledged (i) time deposits of RMB1,064.5 million (December 31, 2024:
RMB2,176.3 million) and (ii) fixed assets and investment properties with a total carrying amount of RMB52.2 million
(December 31, 2024: RMB56.6 million), which had been acting as a security for the discounted bills, bills payable and bank
loans made available to the Group.

Change of Company Name
Pursuant to a special resolution passed by the Company’s Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting held on
August 8, 2025 and the Certificate of Incorporation on Change of Name issued by the Registrar of Companies in Cayman
Islands, the English name of the Company has been changed from “ZX Inc.” to “Tanwan Inc.”, and the Chinese name “貪
玩” has been adopted and registered as the dual foreign name of the Company, replacing its original Chinese name “中旭未
來” (“Change of Company Name”), both with effect from August 8, 2025. The Hong Kong Registrar of Companies has
issued the Certificate of Registration of Alteration of Name of Registered Non-Hong Kong Company on August 25, 2025,
confirming that the Company has changed its name and is now registered in Hong Kong under the name of “Tanwan Inc.貪
玩” in accordance with Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Details of the Change of Company Name are set out in the circular of the Company dated July 21, 2025, the poll results
announcement of the extraordinary general meeting dated August 8, 2025, and the announcement of the Company dated
August 28, 2025.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Significant Investment and Investment Portfolio
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group held an aggregate of RMB1,424,0 million of investments at fair value in Century
     Huatong, representing 19.3% of the Group’s total assets as of December 31, 2025. The Group directly held 83,471,574
     shares in Century Huatong, representing approximately 1.1% of its total issued shares, and the investment cost was
     RMB637.2 million. During the Reporting Period, the accumulated unrealized fair value gain from such investment amounted
     to RMB786.8 million. No dividend was received from such investment during the Reporting Period. Century Huatong is
     primarily engaged in automobile components, internet game and artificial intelligence businesses. The Group’s investment
     in Century Huatong is for strengthening strategical alliance with a major player in the digital entertainment industry chain.

     The Group’s investments in associates increased from RMB175.3 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB579.3 million as
     of December 31, 2025 mainly due to our investment in Jiaxing Xukai Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited
     Partnership) (嘉興旭愷企業管理合夥企業            （有限合夥）) (“Jiaxing Xukai”). With an aim to invest in companies with significant
     growth potential in the mobile game industry, in June 2023, we, together with two independent third parties, namely
     Shanghai Shengyi Network Technology Co., Ltd. (上海盛薏網絡科技有限公司) and Shanghai Jiale Network Technology Co.,
     Ltd. (上海佳樂網絡科技有限公司), as limited partners and an independent third party, namely Shanghai Erta Network
     Technology Co., Ltd. (上海爾塔網絡科技有限公司), as general partner, established Jiaxing Xukai. We invested approximately
     RMB235.2 million for 42% limited partnership interest in Jiaxing Xukai. As of December 31, 2025, Jiaxing Xukai held
     approximately 1.1% of the total issued shares of Century Huatong. Our investment in Jiaxing Xukai represents 7.8% of the
     Group’s total assets as of December 31, 2025. During the Reporting Period, the accumulated unrealized fair value gain
     from such investment amounted to RMB400.5 million. No dividend was received from such investment during the
     Reporting Period.

     As of December 31, 2025, the Group held an aggregate of RMB1,318.8 million of investments at fair value in a single asset
     management plan comprising of shares in Moore Threads, representing 17.9% of the Group’s total assets as of December
     31, 2025. The Group was interested in 3,325,166 shares in Moore Threads, representing approximately 0.7% of its total
     issued shares, and the investment cost was RMB390.5 million. During the Reporting Period, the accumulated unrealized
     fair value gain from such investment amounted to RMB928.3 million. No dividend was received from such investment
     during the Reporting Period. Moore Threads is primarily engaged in R&D, design and commercialization of graphics
     processing units (GPUs) and related products. The Group’s investment in Moore Threads is for strategic cooperation in the
     AI areas.

     As of December 31, 2025, save as disclosed above, there was no other significant investments held (including any
     investment in an investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets) by the Group.

     Investment Policy
     1.     Investment Policy and Objectives
            The Company’s investment policy aims to preserve and grow its assets while exploring strategic opportunities that
            align with its corporate strategy and principal business operations. The purpose of these investments is to generate
            long-term value, maintain sufficient liquidity for operational needs, and foster potential synergies with other enterprises
            to support future growth.

            The scope of the Company’s investments includes, but is not limited to, the following primary asset classes:

            •      Listed Equities: Investments in publicly traded companies with strong growth potential, strategic value, industry
                   synergy and alignment with the Company’s long-term goals. These investments are expected to not only deliver
                   financial returns but also provide opportunities for strategic partnerships, co-development initiatives, and
                   knowledge sharing that can drive mutual growth. Investments are limited to stocks traded on recognized stock
                   exchanges (e.g., SSE, SZSE, NYSE, NASDAQ, HKEX, LSE) unless otherwise approved the Investment Voting
                   Committee (the “Committee”). Investments in companies subject to prolonged trading suspension, significant
                   regulatory or legal uncertainties, or those with clear indicators of delisting risks are generally not permissible.




20   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

     •    Unlisted Equities: Investments in private companies that offer opportunities for collaboration, joint ventures, or
          integration with the Company’s business operations. Investments may also target startups or growth-stage
          companies with innovative business models or untapped market potential, or those operating in emerging
          industries or markets that align with the Company’s long-term strategic priorities.

     •    Bonds: Investments in government and corporate bonds are evaluated based on creditworthiness, with a
          preference for bonds rated BBB+ or above by recognized credit rating agencies.

     •    Low-risk Wealth Management Products: Investments in other low-risk financial instruments, structured
          deposit, fixed-income products and money market funds and other products classified as or equivalent to risk
          level of R2 or below to manage liquidity and seize short-term opportunities.

     While the above categories represent the primary focus of the Company’s investment activities, the Company retains
     the flexibility to explore investments in trust products, cryptocurrencies and financial derivatives, each of which will
     undergo independent due diligence and is subject to approval by the Committee.

     The investment strategy is closely aligned with the Company’s corporate strategy, focusing on assets that
     complement its principal businesses and strategic priorities. The Company’s approach combines long-term
     investments, which target sustainable growth and strategic collaboration, with short-term investments, which aim to
     maintain liquidity and capture immediate market opportunities.

2.   Risk Management and Control Measures
     The Company has established a robust risk management framework to safeguard its investments and ensure a
     balance between risk and return.

     Defined Risk Limits and Metrics:
     The Company assesses risks such as liquidity, valuation, regulatory, and foreign exchange risks. It utilizes measurable
     metrics such as portfolio concentration, credit ratings, and market exposure to evaluate and mitigate these risks.
     Diversification across asset classes, sectors, and geographies is employed to reduce overall portfolio risk.

     •    Liquidity Buffer: The Company maintains a reasonable liquidity buffer to ensure operational flexibility and
          financial stability. Investments in liquid assets, such as money market funds and short-term bonds, provide the
          ability to meet financial obligations and respond to market changes promptly. A minimum of 10% of total
          portfolio will be dynamically maintained in highly liquid assets to ensure operational flexibility and financial
          stability unless otherwise approved by the Committee.

     •    Credit Risk: Bond investments shall have a minimum credit rating of BBB+ or equivalent unless otherwise
          approved by the Committee.

     •    Counterparty Risk: The Company conducts thorough due diligence on counterparties, evaluating their
          creditworthiness, financial stability, and compliance with regulatory requirements. Only counterparties that meet
          the Company’s risk tolerance and performance criteria are selected. Exposure to any single counterparty will not
          exceed 30% of the Company’s total portfolio unless otherwise approved by the Committee.

     •    Other Risks: Risks such as foreign exchange exposure, valuation risk, and regulatory changes will be carefully
          assessed.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis

            Investments are reviewed quarterly based on key performance indicators, such as return on investment (ROI),
            risk-adjusted returns, and contribution to corporate strategy. The Financial Management Department evaluates the
            financial status and operational performance of all investment portfolios, providing periodic updates to the Committee.

            The Company continuously monitors its investments by tracking market developments, regulatory changes, and
            macroeconomic conditions. Regular reviews are conducted to ensure the portfolio remains aligned with the
            Company’s objectives and risk tolerance.

     3.     Approval and Oversight Mechanisms
            The Company’s investment policy and activities are governed by the Committee, which reports directly to the Board
            and ensures that all decisions align with the Company’s corporate objectives.

            •      Roles and Authority of the Committee:
                   The Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving significant investment decisions, monitoring portfolio
                   performance, and making necessary adjustments to the investment strategy. It evaluates proposals based on
                   factors such as growth potential, synergy opportunities, risk-adjusted returns, and alignment with the
                   Company’s strategy.

            •      Composition of the Committee:
                   The Committee currently comprises the following members:

                   o       Mr. Wu Xubo (our Executive Director)

                   o       Ms. Wu Xuan (our Executive Director)

            The Committee is structured to ensure that decisions are made with diverse perspectives and strategic insight,
            leveraging the expertise of its members.

            •      Approval Process:
                   All investment proposals, other than purchase of low-risk wealth management products not exceeding 5% of the
                   most recent audited/reviewed total assets of the Company, will be subject to review and approval by the
                   Committee. Investment proposals are submitted by management and must include detailed analysis, rationale,
                   and supporting data. The Committee may seek advice from external experts and advisors as needed. Proposals
                   are thoroughly reviewed to ensure compliance with the Company’s risk management framework and alignment
                   with its objectives. Unanimous approval is required for the Committee’s decision making. The approval of
                   investments by the Board and Shareholders will adhere to the requirements of Chapter 14 and Chapter 14A of
                   the Listing Rules.

            •      Monitoring and Reporting:
                   The Committee conducts annual reviews of the investment portfolio and reports findings to the Board. The
                   Committee discusses the investment opportunities from time to time but quarterly updates by the Financial
                   Management Department are provided to ensure transparency and accountability. Independent audits may be
                   conducted to assess compliance with investment policies and risk management measures.

            By maintaining a clear approval and oversight mechanism, the Company ensures its investment decisions are well-
            governed, strategically aligned, and consistent with regulatory and corporate governance requirements. The
            investment policy is subject to semi-annual review of the Board.




22   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                         Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. WU Xubo (吳旭波), aged 40, is the co-founder, executive Director, chairman and chief executive officer. He has been
a deputy to the 14th People’s Congress of Jiangxi Province (江西省第十四屆人民代表大會代表) since 2023. Mr. WU has
extensive experience of over 19 years in the internet technology industry. He was awarded or listed for several honors,
including among others, The 19th China Brand Leaders Annual Conference (CBLS 2024) “Top 10 Chinese Brand Leaders
of 2024”（第十九屆中國品牌領袖年會（CBLS 2024）                  「2024中國十大品牌領袖」）, Hurun China Under 40s 2023 (2023胡潤
U40中國創業先鋒), 2023 Guangzhou Good Netizen Selection Activity — the Society Big Beloved Netizen (2023廣州好網民
評選活動社會大愛好網民), Honour Award — 2023 “Outstanding Caring Entrepreneur” (奧納獎 — 2023年度“傑出愛心企業
家”), “Excellent Entrepreneur of China Game Industry 2022” in the China Game Industry Annual Conference (中國遊戲行業年
會“2022年中國遊戲行業優秀企業家”), “Philanthropist of the Year” (年度公益人物) of the 12th Philanthropy Festival (第十二
屆公益節), Top 10 Entrepreneurs in Shangrao (上饒十大企業家), The 15th “Top Ten Outstanding Youths in Shangrao” (第
十五屆“上饒十大傑出青年”) and 40 People and 40 Events in 40 Years of Reform and Opening Up in Shangrao (上饒改革開
放40年40人40事), awarded “Best CEO” at the 10th Zhitong Caijing Listed Companies Awards, and recognized as “Annual
Outstanding Leader” at the Gelonghui “Jinge Awards.”

Mr. WU has been the chairman and a director of Jiangxi Tanwan since he founded the Group in May 2015. Prior to that, Mr.
WU worked in Guangzhou Weidong Network Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州維動網絡科技有限公司) (“Guangzhou Weidong”),
a company focusing on web game operation and marketing, with his last position being the marketing director, from
December 2008 to January 2015, responsible for overall marketing affairs, where he co-founded the 91wan Web Game
Platform (91wan網頁遊戲平台).

Mr. WU obtained a college diploma of judicial police from Jiangxi Judicial Police Vocational College (江西司法警官職業學院)
in the PRC in July 2006.

Ms. WU Xuan (吳璇), aged 41, is the co-founder, executive Director and chief operating officer. Ms. WU has extensive
experience of over 18 years in the internet technology industry. Ms. WU was recognized as 2021 Industry Influencers (2021
行業影響力人物) by the 10th China Finance Summit in July 2021 and recognized on 2020 China’s New Growth Pioneers
List (2020中國新增長先鋒人物榜) by Harvard Business Review in December 2020. Ms. WU has been a board member
of Effie Performance Marketing Award (艾菲效果營銷獎) since September 2020 and served as a judge of the 2021 Effie
Performance Marketing Award Finals (艾菲效果營銷獎終審).

Ms. WU has been a director of Jiangxi Tanwan since May 2015. Prior to that, Ms. WU worked in Guangzhou Weidong from
December 2008 to March 2015 with her last position being a marketing director, where she co-founded the 91wan Web
Game Platform (91wan網頁遊戲平台).

Ms. WU obtained a bachelor degree in human resource management from South China Normal University (華南師範大學) in
the PRC through part-time study in January 2011.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. SONG Siyun (宋司筠), aged 38, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on March 30, 2023.

Ms. SONG served as a partner of Golden Vision Capital from August 2020 to October 2021. Prior to that, Ms. SONG served
as (i) a director in the investment banking department of GF Securities Co., Ltd., a public company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 01776) and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000776), where she was responsible for
equity financing services including corporate initial public offerings and private placements, from August 2008 to May 2015;
(ii) a managing director of Zhongrong International Trust Co., Ltd. (中融國際信託有限公司) from July 2016 to December
2017, where she was responsible for the equity investment and listed company business; and (iii) the general manager of
Guangzhou Mintou Industry Investment Management Co., Ltd. (廣州民投產業投資管理有限公司) from December 2017 to
December 2019, where she was responsible for equity investment in the healthcare industry.



                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   23
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

     Ms. SONG obtained a bachelor degree in finance from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學) in
     the PRC in June 2008.

     Winding-up Order against Guangdong Keywa Chemical Trading Center Co., Ltd. (廣東奇化化工交易中心股份有限公司)
     (“Guangdong Keywa”) of which Ms. SONG Siyun was one of the five directors.

     Under Rule 13.51(2)(l) of the Listing Rules, a director must disclose his/her directorship in any company which has been
     dissolved or put into liquidation (otherwise than by a member’s voluntary winding-up when the company, in the case of a
     Hong Kong company, was solvent) or bankruptcy or been the subject of an analogous proceeding during the period when
     he/she was one of its directors.

     Ms. SONG was appointed as a non-executive director of Guangdong Keywa on December 12, 2018. Guangdong
     Keywa was established in the PRC on December 18, 2013 and its principal activities were operating online platforms for
     investments in the chemical trading markets. Compulsory winding-up proceeding was initiated against Guangdong Keywa
     upon a petition filed by Guangzhou Pinzhong Tax Agent Office Co., Ltd (廣州品中稅務師事務所有限公司) (the “Petitioner”)
     to Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court on October 13, 2021 seeking a court order to wind up Guangdong Keywa on
     the grounds that Guangdong Keywa was indebted to the Petitioner and that Guangdong Keywa was insolvent and unable
     to pay its debts (the “Claim”). The winding-up proceeding against Guangdong Keywa was on-going as of the date of this
     annual report.

     Ms. SONG confirmed that (i) she was merely a non-executive director of Guangdong Keywa and was not involved on any
     day-to-day management of Guangdong Keywa. Each board meeting Ms. SONG attended since her appointment was on
     corporate logistic matters such as change in corporate filing and registration; (ii) Ms. SONG and her associates were not
     related to any other director, shareholder, senior management of Guangdong Keywa or their respective associates; and
     (iii) since the Claim and up to the date of this annual report, there was no outstanding liability or ongoing claim or litigation
     against Ms. SONG Siyun in her capacity as a director of Guangdong Keywa.

     Mr. QIN Yongde (覃永德), aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on March 30, 2023.

     Mr. QIN obtained the PRC legal professional qualification in 1989 and has accumulated experiences of more than thirty
     years in legal practice. Mr. QIN has been a partner and lawyer of Guangdong Neo-ark Law Firm (廣東洛亞律師事務所) since
     July 2021. Prior to that, Mr. QIN served as (i) the director in Guangdong Neo-ark Law Firm from September 2011 to July
     2021; (ii) an independent non-executive director of Guangxi Wuyi Pipe Industry Co., Ltd. (廣西五一管業股份有限公司) from
     October 2017 to May 2021; (iii) a partner and associate of Guangdong United Intellectus Law Firm (廣東智洋律師事務所)
     from July 2001 to August 2011; (iv) a partner and associate of Guangxi Sunward Law Firm (廣西欣和律師事務所) from May
     1998 to December 2000; and (v) a lecturer at the Law School of Guangxi University (廣西大學) in the PRC from July 1991 to
     August 1993.

     Mr. QIN obtained a bachelor degree of arts in English from Guangxi Normal University (廣西師範大學) in the PRC in July
     1985 and a master degree of laws in international law from Sun Yat-sen University (中山大學) in the PRC in July 1990.

     Ms. ZHENG Yi (鄭怡), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on March 30, 2023.

     Ms. ZHENG is a certified public accountant in the PRC. She served as a government procurement evaluation expert of
     Sichuan province from September 2022 to December 2024, and has been engaged as an off-campus graduate student
     tutor at the Accounting School of Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學) in December 2011.
     Ms. ZHENG also obtained the Board Secretary Qualification of Shanghai Stock Exchange in September 2004.




24   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                         Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

Ms. ZHENG has been a certified public accountant of Sichuan Tongde Certified Public Accountants Firm Co., Ltd. (四川
同德會計師事務所有限公司) since October 2017, focusing on audit and consultation services. Prior to that, Ms. ZHENG
served as (i) several senior roles at Chengdu Peoples Department Store (Group) Co., Ltd. (成都人民商場(集團)股份有限公司)
(subsequently known as Chengshang Group Co., Ltd. (成商集團股份有限公司) and currently known as Maoye Commercial
Co., Ltd. (茂業商業股份有限公司) (“Maoye Commercial”), a public company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 600828)) from May 1997 to July 2017 with her last position being the financial controller of Maoye Commercial,
where she was responsible for overall financial management and accounting matters; and (ii) the board secretary of Maoye
Commercial from April 2009 to July 2017 where she was responsible for the information disclosure and maintaining the
relationship with investors. Ms. ZHENG was also a director of Maoye Commercial from April 2009 to July 2017.

Ms. ZHENG obtained a bachelor degree in accounting from the Central Broadcast and Television University (中央廣播電視
大學) (currently known as The Open University of China (國家開放大學)) and Beijing Technology and Business University (北
京工商大學) in the PRC jointly through part-time study in July 2003.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
In addition to the executive Directors, the senior management team of the Group also includes Mr. LUO Xihu (羅錫虎).

Mr. LUO Xihu (羅錫虎), aged 37, has been the head of operating of the Group since he joined the Group in June 2015.
Prior to that, Mr. LUO served as a marketing director in Guangzhou Weidong from July 2010 to March 2015, where he was
responsible for external marketing.

Mr. LUO obtained a bachelor degree in management from South China Agricultural University (華南農業大學) in the PRC in
July 2010.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors and senior management held any directorship in any public companies
whose securities were listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas in the three years immediately preceding
the date of this annual report.

To the best of the Board’s knowledge, information and belief, save as disclosed in the annual report, the Directors and
senior management do not have any relationship amongst them.


CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Directors confirm that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   25
     Directors’ Report

     The Board of the Company is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements
     of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Board currently comprises two executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

     The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report were:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. WU Xuan (Chief Operating Officer)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors:
     Ms. SONG Siyun
     Mr. QIN Yongde
     Ms. ZHENG Yi


     GENERAL INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 18, 2021 as an exempted company with limited liability
     under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
     September 28, 2023.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group is a publisher of online game products in China, devoted to marketing and operating online games (in particular
     mobile games) in China.


     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income on page 71 of this annual report.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including an analysis
     of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business is set out in
     the sections headed “Letter to Shareholders” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. All such
     discussions form part of this Directors’ report.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, some of which are beyond its
     control:

     •      the mobile game industry is highly competitive and the Company’s business may be continually affected by newly
            launched game products. If the Company is unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, its
            business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected;

     •      the Company operates in a fast-evolving industry and cannot guarantee that it will continually innovate, adapt and
            respond timely to the rapid changes in end-user preferences. The Company cannot guarantee that it will generate
            sustainable revenues and profit;




26   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report

•    the historical financial and operating results may not be indicative of the Company’s future performance, and it may
     not be able to achieve and sustain the historical level of revenue and profitability;

•    the Company may be subject to claims of IP infringement, which may disrupt its business and operations and could be
     expensive to defend;

•    a substantial portion of the revenue was generated from the Company’s major clients for marketing and operating
     game products. If its game products fail to attract and retain users, its business, financial condition and results of
     operation may be materially and adversely affected;

•    the Company is subject to risks associated with its collaborating business partners. Any delay or failure by such
     parties to successfully perform their obligations, provide reliable or satisfactory services, or operate their businesses
     could adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations;

•    the Company relies on its Hetu (河圖) and Luoshu (洛書) systems to generate certain key operating metrics, and any
     malfunction or interruption of the technical infrastructure of its Hetu and Luoshu systems may affect the accuracy of
     the Company’s data analytics;

•    our international strategy and ability to conduct business in international markets may be adversely affected by legal,
     regulatory, political and economic risks. Changes in geopolitical environment, including international trade policies,
     trade restrictions and sanctions, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations;

•    any failure to maintain or improve the Company’s technology system could harm its business and prospects;

•    the Group’s business generates and processes a large amount of data, and the Company is required to comply with
     PRC and other applicable laws relating to privacy and cyber security. The improper use or disclosure of data could
     have a material and adverse effect on its business and prospects; and

•    if the content contained within the game product is considered inappropriate, the Company’s business, financial
     condition and results of operation may be materially and adversely affected.

However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
It is the Company’s corporate and social responsibility to promote a sustainable environment, contribute to employee
well-being and give back to community. The Company strives to operate its workplace and data centers in a manner
that protects the environment and the health and safety of its employees and communities. During the Reporting Period,
the Company was not subject to any material fines or other penalties due to non-compliance with health, safety or
environmental regulations.

The 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company is published on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and the Company on the same date as the publication of this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. For the year ended December 31,
2025, there was no material breach of laws and regulations by the Group.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   27
     Directors’ Report

     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 1,239 employees (December 31, 2024: 912), all of whom were based in China
     (including Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau). The number of employees employed
     by the Group varies from time to time depending on need. The Company offers its employees competitive compensation
     packages and a collaborative working environment and, as a result, it has generally been able to attract and retain qualified
     personnel and maintain a stable, core management team. The Company compensates its employees with salaries,
     allowances and benefits in kind, equity-settled share payment expenses and pension scheme contributions.

     In accordance with the laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group has arranged its PRC employees to join defined
     contribution plans, including pension, medical, housing and other welfare benefits, organized by the PRC government.
     The Group contributes funds which are calculated on fixed percentages of the employees’ salary (subject to a floor and
     cap) as set by local municipal governments to each local scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees. No
     forfeited contribution under this scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The Group also
     provides social insurance, including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance and medical
     insurance for the employees of the Group as required under PRC laws and regulations. Particulars of the pension scheme of
     the Group are set out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The Group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident
     Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the
     Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong) who are not previously covered by the defined
     benefit retirement plan. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees.

     The Group has also adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
     participants (including the Group’s employees) who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Please refer to the
     section headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” in this annual report for further details.

     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB301.6 million, as
     compared to RMB366.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.

     The Group regularly reviews the remuneration policies and overall compensation of its employees. For the year ended
     December 31, 2025, the Group did not experience any material labor disputes or strikes that may have a material and
     adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations, or any material difficulty in recruiting employees.


     MAJOR CLIENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s major clients primarily consisted of developers of game products.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company’s revenue generated from its five largest clients accounted for 65.6% of its total
     revenue (2024: 65.4%). During the Reporting Period, the Company’s revenue generated from its largest client accounted for
     36.8% of its total revenue (2024: 27.2%).

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder who, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
     owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, had any interest in any of the five largest clients during the year ended
     December 31, 2025.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not experience any significant disputes with its clients.




28   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report

MAJOR SUPPLIERS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s major suppliers primarily consisted of third-party advertising,
marketing and channel distribution service agencies or providers.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s purchase amount from its five largest suppliers accounted for 47.6% of its
total purchases (2024: 45.0%). During the Reporting Period, the Company’s purchase amount from its largest supplier
accounted for 19.5% of its total purchases (2024: 11.8%).

None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder who, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, had any interest in any of the five largest suppliers during the year
ended December 31, 2025.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not experience any significant disputes with its suppliers.


KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including suppliers, employees, Shareholders, and other business
associates are key to Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging,
collaborating, and cultivating strong relationship with them.

Relationship with Employees
The Group embraces its employees as the most valuable assets of the Group. The objective of the Group’s human
resources management is to reward and recognize outstanding employees by providing competitive remuneration packages
and implementing a sound performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives, and to promote career development
and progression within the Group by providing adequate training and opportunities.

Relationship with Clients
The Group maintained good and stable relationship with its existing clients, primarily consisting of developers of game
products. As a game product publisher, the Group needs to source and obtain license of game products with great
potential to become popular among users from game developers. The Company’s operation department and marketing
department will routinely monitor the game products newly launched by its major clients and reach out for potential
cooperation opportunities from time to time.

Relationship with Suppliers
The Group maintained good and stable relationship with its existing suppliers, primarily consisting of third-party advertising,
marketing and channel distribution service agencies or providers. The Group publishes and promotes game products
through such major channels. The Company’s new media department routinely monitors profit sharing ratio among different
channels for benchmarking and cost control purposes.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   29
     Directors’ Report

     Relationship with Shareholders
     The Group recognizes the importance of protecting the interests of the Shareholders and of having effective communication
     with them. The Company believes communication with the Shareholders is a two-way process and has thrived to ensure
     the quality and effectiveness of information disclosure, maintain regular dialogue with the Shareholders and listen carefully to
     the views and feedback from the Shareholders. This has been done through general meetings, corporate communications,
     interim and annual reports and results announcements.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the audited consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as
     extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 3 of this annual report. This summary does
     not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Article of Association and the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.


     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 13 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     During the Reporting Period, the percentage ratios of the Company’s properties held for development and/or sale or for
     investment purposes did not exceed 5%.


     SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED
     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 and details of the Shares
     issued for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DONATION
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations of RMB4.2 million (2024: RMB5.2 million).


     DEBENTURE ISSUED
     Save for the Convertible Bonds, the Group did not issue any debentures during the Reporting Period.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” and “2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme” in this
     annual report, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Group, or existed for the year ended December 31,
     2025.




30   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report

DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: Nil).


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to Article 205 of the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director
shall be indemnified and secured harmless against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages
or liabilities which they or any of them incurred or sustained, other than by reason of such Director’s own dishonesty,
willful default or fraud, in or about the conduct of the Company’s business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of
judgment) or in the execution or discharge of his/her duties, powers, authorities or discretions. Such permitted indemnity
provision for the benefit of the Directors has been in force during the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out liability
insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The Company may pay dividends out of the share premium account, retained earnings and any other reserves provided that
immediately following the payment of such dividends, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when
they fall due in ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had distributable reserves amounting
to RMB411.3 million (December 31, 2024: RMB545.9 million).

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 74 of this annual report.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report and Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements on page
138 of this annual report.


CONVERTIBLE BONDS
On January 8, 2026, the Company completed the issue of the HK$468,000,000 zero coupon Convertible Bonds due
2027 under the general mandate to LMR Multi-Strategy Fund Limited, an independent third party. LMR Multi-Strategy
Fund Limited is an exempted limited company incorporated and domiciled in the Cayman Islands. LMR Partners Limited
acts as one of the investment managers to LMR Multi-Strategy Fund Limited. LMR Partners Limited maintains a physical
presence in Hong Kong and licensed to carry out Type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the SFO. The initial
conversion price is HK$23.50 per Share (subject to adjustments). The maturity date is January 4, 2027. The net proceeds
from the issue of the Convertible Bonds (after deduction of issue fees and expenses) are approximately HK$458.6 million.
The Convertible Bonds was listed on the Vienna MTF operated by the Vienna Stock Exchange with the first trading day
being January 20, 2026. Assuming full conversion of the Convertible Bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$23.50
per Conversion Share, the Convertible Bonds will be convertible into 19,914,804 new Shares (with nominal value of
US$398.29608). The initial conversion price of HK$23.50 per Conversion Share represents (i) a premium of approximately
38.24% to the closing price of the Shares of HK$17.00 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the last trading date
before the date of the subscription agreement; and (ii) a premium of approximately 41.67% to the average closing price of
HK$16.59 per Share for the last five consecutive trading days up to and including the last trading date before the date of
the subscription agreement. The Group intends to apply all of the net proceeds towards AI-related business investments
and equity investments with regard to AI industries. Among others, 50% of the net proceeds will be allocated for AI-related
business, including but not limited to the development of AI infrastructure, upgrades to AI technology, and the recruitment
of AI-related talents. The remaining 50% of the net proceeds will be directed towards acquiring shares in listed AI-related
companies, aimed at achieving strategic synergies and fostering technological collaboration, subject to market conditions.
The Convertible Bonds were secured by an assignment by the Company to the trustee by way of security of certain
accounts, and charges in favor of the trustee by way of first mortgage, first fixed charge and first floating charge of certain
securities and accounts.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   31
     Directors’ Report

     The Board considers that the issuance of the Convertible Bonds constitutes a strategic initiative to leverage the current
     robust market conditions in support of the Company’s long-term development strategy. The issuance is expected to
     optimize the Company’s shareholder base and enhance its market liquidity. The net proceeds from the issuance will
     be allocated primarily to investments in AI-related industry following the Company’s “AI + Game” strategic focus. As AI
     technology continues to reshape the gaming industry, these investments are expected to strengthen the Company’s
     technological capabilities and competitive position in the evolving market landscape. In addition, the proceeds from
     the issuance of the Convertible Bonds will supplement the Company’s existing funding sources, contributing to a more
     balanced and efficient capital structure, and as a result strengthening the Company’s financial position, improving capital
     efficiency, and enhancing its overall competitiveness.

     For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company in relation to the proposed issue of the Convertible Bonds
     dated December 18, 2025 and the completion announcement dated January 8, 2026. As of the date of this report, no
     Shares were issued from the conversion of the Convertible Bonds and no proceeds have been used by the Company.


     LOAN AGREEMENT WITH COVENANTS RELATING TO SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF THE
     CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has not entered into any loan agreement which contains
     covenants requiring specific performance of the Controlling Shareholders that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.18
     of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company on August 31, 2023. The initial
     term for their appointment shall be three years with effect from the date the appointment or until the third annual general
     meeting of the Company since the Listing Date, whichever is sooner (subject always to re-election as and when required
     under the Article of Association). Either party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the
     agreement.

     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company on August 31,
     2023, the initial term of which shall be three years with effect from the date of appointment until the third annual general
     meeting of the Company since the Listing Date, whichever is sooner (subject always to re-election as and when required
     under the Articles of Association), until terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter or
     by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ prior notice in writing.

     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the Articles of
     Association.

     No Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has an unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements” of Directors’ Report in
     this annual report, none of the Directors or any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or
     indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any
     of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during the Reporting Period.


     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements” of Directors’ Report in
     this annual report, no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services has been entered into
     among the Company or any of its subsidiaries or PRC Operating Entities and the Controlling Shareholders or any of their
     subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

32   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Each of the Director and Controlling Shareholder confirms for the year ended December 31, 2025, he or she did not have
any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group,
and requires disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


POTENTIAL CONFLICT OF INTERESTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
The independent non-executive Directors reviewed whether there was any conflict of interests between the Group and
the Controlling Shareholders and/or their close associates for the year ended December 31, 2025. The independent
non-executive Directors confirmed that there was no conflict of interests between the Group and the Controlling
Shareholders and/or their close associates for the same period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed for the year ended December 31, 2025.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As of December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company and their
associates in any of the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set out below:

Interest in Shares and underlying Shares


                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                      shareholding
                                                                                                                    in total issued
                                                                                                 Number of         share capital of
Name of Director/chief executive                Nature of interest                          ordinary shares          the Company


Mr. WU Xubo(1)(2)                               Settlor of a discretionary trust;            273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)
                                                  beneficiary of a trust; interest in
                                                  controlled corporation(1)
                                                Beneficial interest(2)                          4,255,157 (L)                0.80% (L)

Ms. WU Xuan(3)                                  Settlor of a discretionary trust;              38,487,000 (L)                7.20% (L)
                                                  beneficiary of a trust; interest in
                                                  controlled corporation(3)

(L)   denotes a long position

Notes:

(1)   Mr. WU Xubo is interested in 273,223,800 Shares through WXB BVI 2, which is owned by WXB BVI 1 and WXB Holdco as to 50.0%
      and 50.0%, respectively. WxLand Trust was established by Mr. WU Xubo as the settlor and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee.
      WxLand Trust is a discretionary trust and its beneficiaries are Mr. WU Xubo and WXB BVI 1. Mr. WU Xubo is also a director of each
      of WXB BVI 1 and WXB BVI 2. WXB BVI 2 holds 264,263,000 Shares of the Company directly. In addition, 8,960,800 Shares were
      repurchased by the Company and held as treasury Shares as of December 31, 2025. Since Mr. Wu Xubo indirectly controls one-third
      or more of the voting power through WXB BVI 2 at the Company’s general meetings, he and WXB BVI 2 are also taken to have an
      interest in such 8,960,800 treasury Shares of the Company under SFO.


                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   33
     Directors’ Report

     (2)    Mr. WU Xubo was granted options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan on November 16, 2022, March 16, 2023, March 31, 2023,
            June 30, 2023, July 31, 2023 and September 7, 2023 to subscribe for 3,819,592 Shares, 61,855 Shares, 10,309 Shares, 167,525
            Shares, 41,237 Shares and 154,639 Shares, respectively.

     (3)    Ms. WU Xuan held her Shares through WxZela International Ltd, which is wholly-owned by Zela Holding Limited, and is in turn
            wholly-owned by WxZela Trust. WxZela Trust is a discretionary trust established by Ms. WU Xuan (as settlor) for the benefit of WxZela
            Holding Limited, a BVI company wholly-owned by Ms. WU Xuan, and is managed by Hanssen Trust Limited (“Hanssen Trust”). Ms.
            WU Xuan is also a director of each of WxZela International Ltd and Zela Holding Limited.


     Interest in Associated Corporation
                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                          Number of           percentage of
                                                                                                     ordinary shares        shareholding in
     Name of Director/chief                                                Associated              (registered share         the associated
     executive                              Nature of interest             Corporation                capital (RMB))            corporation


     Mr. WU Xubo                            Interest in controlled         Jiangxi Tanwan                4,550,000 (L)             45.50% (L)
                                               corporation(1)
                                            Beneficial Owner(1)                                            635,260 (L)              6.35% (L)

     Ms. WU Xuan                            Interest in controlled         Jiangxi Tanwan                1,164,740 (L)             11.65% (L)
                                               corporation(2)
                                            Beneficial Owner(2)                                            300,000 (L)              3.00% (L)

     (L)    denotes a long position

     Notes:

     (1)    Mr. WU Xubo held approximately 6.35% equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan directly. Shangrao Hongbang Enterprise Management
            Center (Limited Partnership) (上饒縣宏邦企業管理中心(有限合夥)), the general partner of which is Mr. WU Xubo, held 45.50% equity
            interests in Jiangxi Tanwan.

     (2)    Ms. WU Xuan held 3.00% equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan directly. Shangrao Qichuang Enterprise Management Center (Limited
            Partnership) (上饒市齊創企業管理中心(有限合夥)), the general partner of which is Ms. WU Xuan, held approximately 11.65% equity
            interests in Jiangxi Tanwan.


     As of December 31, 2025, save as disclosed above, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executive of the
     Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares,
     underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     which (a) were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (b) were
     required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




34   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       Directors’ Report

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES
As of December 31, 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, the persons who held interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the
SFO, are set out below:

                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                  shareholding in
                                                                                               Number of          the total issued
Name of Shareholder                             Nature of interest                        Ordinary Shares            share capital


Mr. WU Xubo(1)(2)                               Settlor of a discretionary trust;           273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)
                                                  beneficiary of a trust; interest
                                                  in a controlled corporation(1)
                                                Beneficial interest(2)                         4,255,157 (L)                0.80% (L)

WXB BVI 2(1)                                    Beneficial interest                         273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)

WXB BVI 1(1)                                    Interest in a controlled corporation        273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)

WXB Holdco(1)                                   Interest in a controlled corporation        273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)

TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(1)                            Trustee of a trust                          273,223,800 (L)               51.12% (L)

Ms. WU Xuan(3)                                  Settlor of a discretionary trust;             38,487,000 (L)                7.20% (L)
                                                  beneficiary of a trust; interest in
                                                  controlled corporation(3)

WxZela International Ltd(3)                     Beneficial interest                           38,487,000 (L)                7.20% (L)

Zela Holding Limited(3)                         Interest in a controlled corporation          38,487,000 (L)                7.20% (L)

Hanssen Trust(4)                                Trustee of a trust                            63,487,000 (L)              11.88% (L)

(L)   denotes a long position

Notes:

(1)   As far as the Directors know, as of December 31, 2025, Mr. WU Xubo is interested in 273,223,800 Shares through WXB BVI 2,
      which is owned by WXB BVI 1 and WXB Holdco as to 50.0% and 50.0%, respectively. WxLand Trust was established by Mr.
      WU Xubo as the settlor and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee. WxLand Trust is a discretionary trust and its beneficiaries are Mr.
      WU Xubo and WXB BVI 1. WXB BVI 2 holds 264,263,000 Shares of the Company directly. In addition, 8,960,800 Shares were
      repurchased by the Company and held as treasury Shares as of December 31, 2025. Since the Controlling Shareholders controlled
      one-third or more of the voting power at the Company’s general meetings, each of the Controlling Shareholders and TMF (Cayman)
      Ltd. is also taken to have an interest in such 8,960,800 treasury Shares of the Company under SFO. However, according to the
      records kept in the register maintained under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, WXB BVI 2, WXB BVI 1, WXB
      Holdco and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. hold 272,619,800 Shares of the Company.

(2)   Mr. WU Xubo was granted options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan on November 16, 2022, March 16, 2023, March 31, 2023,
      June 30, 2023, July 31, 2023 and September 7, 2023 to subscribe for 3,819,592 Shares, 61,855 Shares, 10,309 Shares, 167,525
      Shares, 41,237 Shares and 154,639 Shares, respectively.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   35
     Directors’ Report

     (3)     Ms. WU Xuan held her Shares through WxZela International Ltd, which is wholly-owned by Zela Holding Limited, and is in turn wholly
             owned by WxZela Trust. WxZela Trust is a discretionary trust established by Ms. WU Xuan (as settlor) for the benefit of WxZela
             Holding Limited, a BVI company wholly-owned by Ms. WU Xuan, and is managed by Hanssen Trust.

     (4)     Hanssen Trust serves as the trustee of the relevant trust. Among them, 38,487,000 shares are held by WxZela International Ltd,
             which is ultimately held by Ms. Wu Xuan as the relevant trust grantor. 25,000,000 shares are held by W.xH International Ltd, which is
             controlled by an employee of the Company as the relevant trust grantor.


     As of December 31, 2025, save as disclosed above, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company are not aware
     of any other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in
     the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO; or as recorded in the register required to be kept
     by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


     PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION PLAN
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan of the Company as approved and
     adopted by the resolution of the Board dated November 4, 2022.

     Purpose
     The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan is to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants (“Eligible
     Participants”, each an “Eligible Participant”) as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the
     Group.

     Eligible Participants
     Eligible Participants mean any persons belonging to any of the following classes of persons:

     (i)     any full-time employees of the Group or any of the company in which the Company or any subsidiary has any equity
             interest (“Invested Entity”);

     (ii)    any non-executive directors of the Group or any of the Invested Entities but excluding any independent non-executive
             directors;

     (iii)   consultants and advisers, provided that such consultants and advisers render bona fide services and that such
             services are not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction; and

     (iv)    general partners.

     The options under this Pre-IPO Share Option Plan can be granted to any company wholly-owned by one or more Eligible
     Participants, or any discretionary trust where any eligible participant is a discretionary object.

     Total Number of Shares Available for Issue
     A maximum of 17,463,918 Shares granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan has been issued to the ESOP BVIs to
     hold on trust for the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan on November 22, 2022. As such, no Share is available for issue under the
     Pre-IPO Share Option.

     As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate number of underlying Shares pursuant to the outstanding options granted
     under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan is 4,255,157 Shares, representing approximately 0.81% of the total issued Shares
     (excluding treasury shares) as of December 31, 2025. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan are set out in Note 30 to the
     consolidated financial statements.




36   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report

Maximum Entitlement of Eligible Participant
The Pre-IPO Share Option Plan did not contain any restriction on the maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant.

Period within Which the Option may be Exercised under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan
The exercise period of the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan is ten (10) years commencing from
the date upon which the share options are deemed to be granted and accepted pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share
Option Plan.

Subject to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan, an option shall be exercised in one board lot for dealing in Shares on
the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof or such other number as agreed by the Board, by the grantee by giving
notice in writing to the Company stating that the option is thereby exercised and the number of Share is respect of which it
is exercised.

Vesting Period of Options Granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan
If the Board determines to offer an option to an Eligible Participant in accordance with the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan, the
Company shall deliver a written offer notice (the “Offer Notice”) to the relevant Eligible Participant in such form as the
Company may deem appropriate. The Board may specify in the Offer Notice any conditions which must be satisfied before
the Option may be exercised, including without limitation minimum periods for which an option must be held before it can
be exercised during a certain period of time, as the Board may determine from time to time.

Acceptance of the Option
An option shall be deemed to have been granted to and accepted by the Grantee and to have taken effect when (a) the
Offer Notice has been duly delivered to the Eligible Participant; and (b) the Option to which the Offer Notice related has been
duly accepted by the Eligible Participant through the ESOP System. As such, no amount is payable on the acceptance of
the option.

Basis of Determining the Exercise Price of Options
The exercise price in relation to each option offered to an Eligible Participant shall, subject to the adjustments in the event
of any capital restructuring as stipulated in the Per-IPO Share Option Plan, be a price that is set out in the Offer Notice
representing not less than the par value of a Share, as determined by the Board at its sole discretion.

The Remaining Life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan
The Pre-IPO Share Option Plan is terminated on the Listing Date and therefore it has no remaining life. Any option granted
under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan shall become exercisable after the Listing Date after which no further options shall be
granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan but the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan shall in all other respects
remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any options granted prior thereto or
otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan and options granted prior
thereto but not yet exercised shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan.

Further details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan are set out in section headed “Statutory and General Information — D.
Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   37
     Directors’ Report

     Movements of Options during the Reporting Period
     Pursuant to Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules, particulars and movements of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan
     during the Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                                               Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                               Outstanding     average
                                                                                                        Outstanding                                                                  as of      closing
                                                                                                              as of                                                             December         price(3)
                                                       Exercise price                        Vesting     January 1,             During the Reporting Period                            31,        (HKD
     Category of grantees            Date of grant     per Share        Exercise period      period            2025   granted      exercised          lapsed       cancelled          2025   per Share)


     Director
     Mr. Wu Xubo (Executive          November 16, 2022 US$0.00002 per   November 16, 2022 to Note (1)     3,819,592        —              —                —              —      3,819,592           N/A
         Director)                                        Share         November 15, 2032
                                     March 16, 2023    US$0.00002 per   March 16, 2023 to Note (1)           61,855        —              —                —              —         61,855           N/A
                                                          Share             March 15, 2033
                                     March 31, 2023    US$0.00002 per   March 31, 2023 to Note (1)           10,309        —              —                —              —         10,309           N/A
                                                          Share             March 30, 2033
                                     June 30, 2023     US$0.00002 per   June 30, 2023 to Note (1)           167,525        —              —                —              —        167,525           N/A
                                                          Share             June 29, 2033
                                     July 31, 2023     US$0.00002 per   July 31, 2023 to     Note (1)        41,237        —              —                —              —         41,237           N/A
                                                          Share             July 30, 2033
                                     September 7, 2023 US$0.00002 per   September 7, 2023 Note (1)          154,639        —              —                —              —        154,639           N/A
                                                          Share             to September 6,
                                                                            2033

                                                                                                          4,255,157        —              —                —              —      4,255,157          N/A

     4 Highest Paid Individuals(2)   November 16, 2022 US$0.00002 per   November 16, 2022 Note (1)          386,598        —         386,598               —              —             —         10.86
                                                          Share            to November
                                                                           15, 2032

     Other grantees                  November 16, 2022 US$0.00002 per   November 16, 2022 Note (1)        4,547,690        —       4,498,722           48,968             —             —         10.92
                                                          Share            to November
                                                                           15, 2032

     Total                                                                                                9,189,445        —       4,885,320           48,968             —      4,255,157            —


     Notes:

     (1)       Twenty-five percent (25%) of the options granted to such grantee will vest on the day after the first three months of the Listing Date,
               and twenty-five percent (25%) of the options granted to such grantee will vest half-yearly thereafter.

     (2)       The other one highest paid individual of the Company during the Reporting Period is our Director, being Mr. WU Xubo, whose
               interests in the underlying Shares in connection with the options granted to him are disclosed under the “Director” section of the
               above table.

     (3)       The weighted average closing price in this column refers to the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the
               date on which the options were exercised.


     There is no performance target for the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan.

     Each of the ESOP BVIs is wholly owned by a same trustee, which will not exercise any voting rights attached to such Shares
     at the Company’s general meetings.

38   Tanwan Inc.        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                               Directors’ Report

2026 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME
The Board approved and adopted the restricted share unit Scheme (the “2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme” or the
“Scheme”) on February 5, 2026. The principal terms of the 2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme are set out below:

Purpose of the Scheme
The purpose of the Scheme is to attract new talents and retain employees whose contributions are important to the long-
term growth and success of the Group, to recognize and reward Eligible Persons (as defined below) for their contributions
to the Group, to provide Eligible Persons with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to
encourage Eligible Persons to further contribute to the Company and work towards enhancing the value of the Company
and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

Participants of the Scheme Eligible
Participants of the Scheme (the “Eligible Persons”) include employee participants, connected entity participants or service
providers under the Scheme.

Total Number of Shares Available Under the Scheme
The total number of Shares which may be subject to Awards granted under the Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total
number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the adoption date of the Scheme (the
“Adoption Date”) (i.e. 52,510,131 shares, representing approximately 10.0% of the total issued Shares of the Company
(excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this annual report). The Scheme will be satisfied solely by existing Shares
purchased on the secondary market of the Stock Exchange by the trustee appointed by the Company (the “Trustee”) or
other party designated by the Company to the Trustee.

Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
There is no restriction of maximum entitlement of each participant under the Scheme.

Vesting Period of Awards
The Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine the vesting criteria, conditions, and periods for any Award,
which will be specified in the award agreement (the “Award Agreement”).

Purchase Price
The grantee is required to pay US$ nil as purchase price to the Company to purchase each Award granted unless
otherwise determined by the Board.

Voting Rights Attached to the Unvested Shares Held by Trustee
The Trustee holding the Shares in relation to the unvested Awards, whether directly or indirectly, shall abstain from voting
on matters that require Shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules, unless otherwise required by law to vote in
accordance with the beneficial owner’s direction and such a direction is given.

Duration
The Scheme shall be valid for a period of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date, after which no further Awards will
be granted. But the provisions of the Scheme will remain in effect to the extent necessary to give effect to any Awards
granted during the period of the Scheme that remain outstanding. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of
the Scheme is nine years and ten months.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   39
     Directors’ Report

     Administration
     The Scheme is administered by the Board and the Trustee in accordance with the Scheme Rules and the trust deed to be
     entered into between the Company and the Trustee. The Board’s decisions on all matters arising under the Scheme,
     including the interpretation of its provisions, are final and binding. Subject to compliance with the Listing Rules and
     applicable laws and regulations, the Board may delegate its administrative powers and responsibilities to a committee of
     the Board or to officers of the Company. The Company will comply with the relevant requirements with Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules in case of grant to any connected person.

     Lapse, Forfeiture and Cancellation of Awards
     Awards shall automatically lapse, be forfeited, or be cancelled (to the extent not already vested) upon the earliest of the
     following circumstances: (i) the Awards fail to vest on corresponding vesting date(s); (ii) the Awards are declined or deemed
     to have been declined by the grantee pursuant to the Scheme Rules; (iii) the vesting conditions specified in the Grant
     Instrument are not fully satisfied prior to or on the relevant vesting date(s); (iv) the Selected Participant is deemed to cease
     to be an Eligible Person under the Scheme Rules; and (v) the occurrence of an event that triggers a lapse, forfeiture, or
     cancellation as specified in the Scheme Rules.

     Alterations and Termination
     The Scheme may be amended in any respect by a resolution of the Board, provided that any change to the terms of
     Awards granted to a Selected Participant must be approved by the Board, the remuneration committee of the Board and/
     or the independent non-executive Directors (as the case may be). The Board may terminate the Scheme at any time, after
     which no new Awards may be granted.

     The 2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme constitutes a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and shall be
     subject to the applicable disclosure requirements under Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules. However, it does not constitute a
     share scheme involving the issue of new Shares as referred to in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the adoption
     of the 2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme is not subject to the approval of the Shareholders. If any Award is granted to a
     participant who is a connected person of the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules), the Company will comply with the
     relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (if applicable). As of the date of this report, no grant has been
     made under the 2026 Restricted Share Unit Scheme.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
     fellow subsidiaries, PRC Operating Entities or its holdings companies a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to
     acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and
     none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt
     securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
     In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established the
     Remuneration Committee to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined and recommended based
     on each Director’s and senior management’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent non-executive
     Directors, their remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Remuneration Committee.

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals in the Group are set
     out in Notes 8, 9 and 35, respectively to the consolidated financial statements.

     None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any
     of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, The discretionary bonus payable to the Directors are approximately RMB7.0
     million.


40   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
None of the related party transactions disclosed in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements constitute connected
transactions for the Company under Rule 14A.23 of the Listing Rules and are required to be disclosed in this annual report
in accordance with Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company has entered into the following continuing connected transaction pursuant to the
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Contractual Arrangements
Overview
The Company, through ZX WFOE, has entered into the Contractual Arrangements with Jiangxi Tanwan and its Registered
Shareholders, pursuant to which the Company has acquired effective control over the Relevant Business through the PRC
Operating Entities, and become entitled to all the economic benefits derived from the PRC Operating Entities. Accordingly,
the results of operations and assets and liabilities of the PRC Operating Entities can be consolidated into the Company’s
results of operations and assets and liabilities as if they are the subsidiaries of the Company. The total revenue of the PRC
Operating Entities during the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB3,311.3 million (same period in 2024:
RMB4,721.6 million), representing approximately 79.6% of the total revenue of the Group during same year, and the total
assets of the PRC Operating Entities as of December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB5,680.2 million (same period in
2024: RMB4,538.1 million), representing approximately 76.9% of the total assets of the Group as of December 31, 2025.

The following simplified diagram illustrates the Contractual Arrangements:


                        Our Company
                                                                                                                    Offshore
                                                                                                                    Onshore
                                               • Exclusive Option Agreement
                                 100%          • Equity Pledge Agreement
                                               • Power of Attorney
                          ZX WFOE                                               Registered Shareholders

                                                                                                  100%

                                                                                     Jiangxi Tanwan
                                • Exclusive Business Cooperation
                                  Agreement


                                                                              Subsidiaries of Jiangxi Tanwan



                                                                          Entities controlled under the Contractual Arrangements

                                                                   “    ” denotes legal and beneficial ownership in the equity interests


                                                                   “    ” denotes the Contractual Arrangements




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   41
     Directors’ Report

     Summary of the Contractual Arrangements
     A brief description of each of the specific agreements that comprises the Contractual Arrangements is set out below:

     1)     Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
            On November 22, 2022, Jiangxi Tanwan entered into an exclusive business cooperation agreement with ZX WFOE
            which was amended and restated by an exclusive business cooperation agreement dated April 18, 2023 (the
            “Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement”), pursuant to which ZX WFOE has agreed to be engaged as the
            exclusive provider to Jiangxi Tanwan of business support, technical and consulting services, in exchange for service
            fees which shall consist of 100% of the total consolidated profits of Jiangxi Tanwan after offsetting the prior-year loss
            (if any), operating costs, expenses, taxes and other statutory contributions. ZX WFOE has the right to at any time
            adjust the service fee to be charged and its payment schedule according to the quantity and content of the services it
            provides to Jiangxi Tanwan.

            Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, without the prior written consent from ZX WFOE, Jiangxi
            Tanwan shall not, during the term of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, accept the same or any similar
            services provided by any third party which are covered by the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement nor shall
            Jiangxi Tanwan establish cooperation relationships similar to those established by the Exclusive Business Cooperation
            Agreement with any third party. Besides, ZX WFOE has the exclusive and proprietary rights to all intellectual properties
            developed by Jiangxi Tanwan, given ZX WFOE provides consulting services to Jiangxi Tanwan. Jiangxi Tanwan is
            required under the Contractual Arrangements to obtain ZX WFOE’s prior written consent before it transfers, assigns or
            disposes of any of its intellectual properties to any third party.

            The Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement shall remain effective unless (i) when Jiangxi Tanwan ceases to
            operate any business, becomes insolvency, bankruptcy or subject to liquidation or dissolution procedures; (ii) the
            entire equity interests held by the Registered Shareholders in Jiangxi Tanwan or the entire assets held by Jiangxi
            Tanwan have been transferred to ZX WFOE or its designee; (iii) terminated in writing by ZX WFOE thirty (30) days
            in advance; or (iv) when it is legally permissible for ZX WFOE to hold equity interests directly or indirectly in Jiangxi
            Tanwan and ZX WFOE or its appointee(s) is registered to be the shareholder of Jiangxi Tanwan. Jiangxi Tanwan is not
            contractually entitled to unilaterally terminate the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement with ZX WFOE.

     2)     Exclusive Option Agreement
            On November 22, 2022, ZX WFOE, Jiangxi Tanwan and the Registered Shareholders entered into an exclusive option
            agreement which was amended and restated by an exclusive option agreement dated April 18, 2023 (the “Exclusive
            Option Agreement”), pursuant to which ZX WFOE (or its designee) has an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase
            from the Registered Shareholders all or any part of their equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan, and an irrevocable and
            exclusive right to purchase from Jiangxi Tanwan all or any part of its assets at a minimal price required by the relevant
            government authorities or PRC laws. To the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations, the Registered
            Shareholders and/or Jiangxi Tanwan shall return the amount of purchase price they have received in full to ZX WFOE.
            At ZX WFOE’s request, the Registered Shareholders and/or Jiangxi Tanwan will promptly and unconditionally transfer
            their respective equity interests and/or assets to ZX WFOE (or its designee) after ZX WFOE exercises its option.

            The Exclusive Option Agreement will not be terminated until the purchased equity interests and/or the acquired assets
            have been transferred to ZX WFOE (or its designee) in accordance with the Exclusive Option Agreement. However, ZX
            WFOE has the right to unilaterally and unconditionally terminate the Exclusive Option Agreement at any time in written
            notice. Subject to applicable PRC laws, Jiangxi Tanwan and the Registered Shareholders do not have the right to
            unilaterally terminate this agreement.




42   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report

3)   Equity Pledge Agreement
     On November 22, 2022, Jiangxi Tanwan, the Registered Shareholders and ZX WFOE entered into an equity pledge
     agreement which was amended and restated by an equity pledge agreement dated April 18, 2023 (the “Equity
     Pledge Agreement”), pursuant to which the Registered Shareholders agreed to pledge all of their equity interests
     (including the dividends arising from such equity interests) in Jiangxi Tanwan to ZX WFOE as collateral security for all
     of its payments due to ZX WFOE and to secure performance of all obligations of Jiangxi Tanwan and the Registered
     Shareholders under the Contractual Arrangements.

     The Equity Pledge Agreement will not terminate until (i) all obligations of Jiangxi Tanwan and the Registered
     Shareholders under the Contractual Arrangements are satisfied in full; (ii) ZX WFOE (or its designee) exercises its
     exclusive options to purchase the entire equity interests of the Registered Shareholders and/or the entire assets of
     Jiangxi Tanwan pursuant to the terms of the Exclusive Option Agreement when it is permitted to do so under the
     applicable PRC laws and ZX WFOE (or its designee) may conduct the business of Jiangxi Tanwan; (iii) ZX WFOE
     exercises its unilateral and unconditional right of termination; or (iv) the agreement is required to be terminated in
     accordance with applicable PRC laws and regulations.

     The pledges under the Equity Pledge Agreement has been duly registered with the relevant PRC authority pursuant to
     PRC laws and regulations.

4)   Power of Attorney
     On November 22, 2022, an irrevocable power of attorney was entered into by and among the Registered
     Shareholders, ZX WFOE and Jiangxi Tanwan which was amended and restated by a power of attorney dated April 18,
     2023 (the “Power of Attorney”), pursuant to which the Registered Shareholders appointed ZX WFOE or other person
     designated by it (excluding any person who may give rise to conflicts of interest), as its exclusive agent and attorney
     to act on its behalf to exercise all of its rights as registered shareholders of Jiangxi Tanwan. As a result of the Power
     of Attorney, the Company, through ZX WFOE, is able to exercise management control over the activities that most
     significantly impact the economic performance of Jiangxi Tanwan.

     The Power of Attorney shall automatically terminate when (i) Jiangxi Tanwan ceases to operate any business, becomes
     insolvency, bankruptcy or subject to liquidation or dissolution procedures; (ii) when it is legally permissible for ZX
     WFOE to hold equity interests directly or indirectly in Jiangxi Tanwan and ZX WFOE or its appointee(s) is registered
     to be the shareholder of Jiangxi Tanwan; (iii) the entire equity interests held by the Registered Shareholders in Jiangxi
     Tanwan or the entire assets held by Jiangxi Tanwan have been transferred to ZX WFOE or its appointee(s); (iv) the
     shareholder structure of the Registered Shareholders changes and the Power of Attorney is replaced by a new power
     of attorney; or (v) terminated in writing by ZX WFOE thirty (30) days in advance.

5)   Spouse undertakings
     On November 22, 2022, the spouse of each of the individual Registered Shareholders (where applicable) executed
     an irrevocable undertaking which was amended and restated by an undertaking dated April 18, 2023, pursuant to
     which he/she expressly acknowledged and undertook that, among others, (i) he/she will not, on the basis of joint
     marital property rights, make any hindrance to any disposition the respective Registered Shareholder make under
     the Contractual Arrangements and make any claim against such disposition (including, without limitation, bringing an
     action or arbitration in any court or arbitral tribunal of competent jurisdiction under any applicable law); and (ii) he/she
     will not take any measures that are in conflict with the Contractual Arrangements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   43
     Directors’ Report

            The spouse of each of the individual Registered Shareholders (where applicable) further undertook that should he/
            she by any reason hold any equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan, they will be bound by, as amended from time to time,
            the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Equity Pledge Agreement and
            the Power of Attorney. He/she undertook to comply with the obligations of Jiangxi Tanwan’s shareholders as set out
            in the aforementioned agreements, and for this purpose, to execute agreements on substantially similar terms as the
            aforementioned agreements upon ZX WFOE’s request.

     Principal business of PRC Operating Entities and the reasons for adopting the Contractual Agreements
     The business of the Company’s PRC Operating Entities involves the operation of online games (the “Relevant Business”),
     which falls within the scope of internet cultural business and value-added telecommunication services (“VATS”) business,
     and is subject to foreign ownership restrictions. Hence, it is not viable for the Company to conduct the Relevant Business
     directly through equity ownership. In line with common practice and in order to conduct business in the PRC, the Company,
     through ZX WFOE, entered into the Contractual Arrangements with Jiangxi Tanwan and its Registered Shareholders,
     pursuant to which the Company has acquired effective control over the Relevant Business through the PRC Operating
     Entities, and become entitled to all the economic benefits derived from the PRC Operating Entities.

     Governing Framework
      On March 15, 2019, the 2nd meeting of the 13th Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress approved the
      Foreign Investment Law of the People’s Republic of China 《中華人民共和國外商投資法》
                                                                        (                             ) (the “FIL”) and it became
      effective on January 1, 2020. The FIL replaced the law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures (《中外合資經營企業法》),
      the law on Sino-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures (《中外合作經營企業法》) and the law on Foreign Capital Enterprises
     (《外資企業法》) to become the legal foundation for foreign Investment in the PRC. The FIL stipulates three forms of foreign
      investment, but does not explicitly stipulate the contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment.

     The FIL specifically stipulates three specific forms of foreign investment, namely, (1) establishment of a foreign invested
     enterprise in the PRC by a foreign investor, either individually or collectively with any other investor; (2) obtaining shares,
     equity interests, assets, interests or any other similar rights or interests of an enterprise in the PRC by a foreign investor;
     and (3) investment in any new construction project in the PRC by a foreign investor, either individually or collectively with any
     other investor.

     Conducting operations through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based companies, including
     the Group. The Group uses the Contractual Arrangements to establish control of its PRC Operating Entities, by ZX
     WFOE, through which the Group operates its business in the PRC. The FIL stipulates that foreign investment includes
     “foreign investors invest through any other methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by
     the State Council”. Therefore, there remains uncertainty regarding whether future laws, administrative regulations or
     provisions prescribed by the State Council may regard contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, whether
     the Contractual Arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements and how
     the above-mentioned Contractual Arrangements will be handled. Therefore, there is no guarantee that the Contractual
     Arrangements and the business of the PRC Operating Entities will not be materially and adversely affected in the future due
     to changes in PRC laws and regulations. The Company will disclose, as soon as possible, updates of changes to the FIL
     that will materially and adversely affect the Company as and when occur.




44   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report

Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and Actions Taken to Reduce Risks
There are certain risks that are associated with the Contractual Arrangements, including:

•       If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that establish the structure for operating the
        Company’s business in the PRC do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, or if these laws or
        regulations or their interpretations change in the future, the Company could be subject to severe consequences,
        including the nullification of the Contractual Arrangements and being forced to relinquish its interests in those
        operations.

•       The Company’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the Foreign Investment
        Law. If the Company’s control over its PRC Operating Entities through Contractual Arrangements is deemed as
        foreign investment in the future, and any business of its PRC Operating Entities is restricted or prohibited from foreign
        investment, the Company may be deemed to be in violation of the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, which may
        have a material and adverse effect on its business operations;

•       The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership;

•       The Company may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets and licenses held by its PRC Operating Entities that are
        important to its business if it goes bankrupt or becomes subject to a dissolution or liquidation proceeding;

•       The Registered Shareholders may have potential conflicts of interest with the Company, which may adversely affect its
        business;

•       If the Company exercises the option to acquire equity ownership or assets of Jiangxi Tanwan, the ownership or asset
        transfer may subject it to certain limitations and substantial costs;

•       The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. A finding that the Company
        owes additional taxes could negatively affect its financial condition.

For further details of these risks, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our Contractual
Arrangements” on pages 113 to 117 of the Prospectus.

The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation with the implementation and compliance of
the Contractual Arrangements, including but not limited to:

(i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements or any regulatory
        inquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if necessary, for review and discussion;

(ii)    the Board will review overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements at least once a year;

(iii)   the Company will disclose the overall performance and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements in its annual
        reports; and

(iv)    the Company will engage external legal advisors or other professional advisors, if necessary, to assist the Board to
        review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review the legal compliance of the PRC Operating Entities
        to deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Contractual Arrangements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   45
     Directors’ Report

     Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange
     For the purpose of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and in particular the definition of “connected person”, the PRC
     Operating Entities and each of its subsidiaries will be treated as the Company’s subsidiaries, but at the same time, the
     directors, chief executives or substantial shareholders of the PRC Operating Entities, its subsidiaries and their associates will
     be treated as connected persons of the Company (excluding for this purpose, the PRC Operating Entities), and transactions
     between these connected persons and the Group (including for this purpose, the PRC Operating Entities), other than those
     under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The Directors, including the independent non-executive Directors, are of the view that the Contractual Arrangements and
     the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental to the Group’s legal structure and business operation and it is
     justifiable and normal business practice for agreements under the Contractual Arrangements to have a term of longer than
     three years to ensure that (i) the financial and operational policies of the PRC Operating Entities can be effectively controlled
     by ZX WFOE; (ii) ZX WFOE can obtain the economic benefits derived from the PRC Operating Entities; and (iii) any possible
     leakage of assets and values of the PRC Operating Entities can be prevented on an uninterrupted basis. Such transactions
     have been entered into on normal commercial terms and are fair and reasonable, or advantageous, so far as the Group is
     concerned and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

     The Directors also believe that the Group’s structure, whereby the financial results of the PRC Operating Entities are
     consolidated into the Group’s financial statements as subsidiaries and the flow of economic benefits of their business to
     the Group, places the Group in a special position in relation to relevant rules concerning connected transactions under
     the Listing Rules. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements
     and any new transactions, contracts and agreements or renewal of existing agreements to be entered into between the
     PRC Operating Entities and any member of the Group (“New Intergroup Agreements”) technically constitute continuing
     connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Directors consider that it is unduly burdensome and
     impracticable, and would add unnecessary administrative costs to the Company if the Contractual Arrangements are
     subject to the requirements set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     In relation to the Contractual Arrangements, the Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange
     has granted, a waiver pursuant to Rule 14A.102 of the Listing Rules from strict compliance with (i) the announcement,
     circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the annual cap
     requirement for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, and (iii) the
     requirement of limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing
     Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject certain conditions, the details of which are set out
     in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in the Prospectus.

     In addition, the Company has also applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver
     pursuant to Rule 14A.102 of the Listing Rules from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent
     shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated
     under any New Intergroup Agreement, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the fees payable by/to any member
     of the Group to/from the PRC Operating Entities under any New Intergroup Agreement under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
     Rules, and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of any New Intergroup Agreement to three years or less under Rule
     14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to the condition that
     the Contractual Arrangements subsist and that the PRC Operating Entities will continue to be treated as the Company’s
     subsidiaries, but at the same time, the directors, chief executives or substantial shareholders of the PRC Operating Entities
     and their associates will be treated as connected persons of the Company (excluding for this purpose, the PRC Operating
     Entities), and transactions between these connected persons and the Group (including for this purpose, the PRC Operating
     Entities), other than those under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to requirements under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.




46   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report

Annual Review by the Independent Non-executive Directors and the Auditors
The independent non-executive Directors, upon review of the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
Arrangements during the Relevant Period, confirmed that:

(i)     the transactions carried out during such year have been entered into in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
        Contractual Arrangements, and that the profit generated by the PRC Operating Entities has been substantially retained
        by ZX WFOE;

(ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the PRC Operating Entities or any non-wholly owned subsidiary
        of the Group to the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
        Group;

(iii)   any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced on normal commercial terms between the Group and the PRC
        Operating Entities during the relevant financial period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous and in the ordinary and
        usual course of business of the Group, so far as the Group is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a
        whole;

The Company’s auditor has carried out review procedures on the transactions carried out pursuant to the Contractual
Arrangements during the Reporting Period. Below was set out in the letter from the Company’s auditor containing their
findings and conclusions of the review in respect of the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that;

(i)     the transactions carried out pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements have received the approval of the Directors and
        have been entered into in accordance with the relevant Contractual Arrangements;

(ii)    the transactions that involve the provision of goods and services by the Group were, in all material respects, in
        accordance with the pricing policies of the Group; and

(iii)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the PRC Operating Entities or any non-wholly-owned subsidiary
        of the Group to the holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
        Group;

The PRC Operating Entities has undertaken that, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange, the PRC
Operating Entities will provide the Group’s management and the Company’s auditor with full access to their relevant
records, and (where applicable) relevant records of their subsidiaries, for the purpose of the Company’s auditor’s review of
the connected transactions.

The extent to which the Contractual Arrangements relate to requirements other than the foreign ownership
restriction
All of the Contractual Arrangements are subject to the restrictions set out on pages 113 to 117 of the Prospectus.

Revenue and Assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements
For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue of the Group subject to the Contractual Arrangements amounted to
approximately RMB3,311.3 million (2024: RMB4,721.6 million). As of December 31, 2025, total assets of the Group subject
to the Contractual Arrangements amounted to approximately RMB5,680.2 million (2024: RMB4,538.1 million).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   47
     Directors’ Report

     Material Changes
     Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/or reproduced
     between the Group and the PRC Operating Entities during the Reporting Period. There was no material change in the
     Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that none of the
     restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed. As of December 31, 2025, the
     Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any PRC governing bodies in operating its businesses
     through its Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the related party transactions carried out in the normal course of business are set out in Note 35 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     On June 21, 2024, the Board has been granted a general mandate to repurchase Shares in the open market of not
     exceeding 10% of the total number of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of June 21, 2024, and on June 19,
     2025, the Board has been granted general mandate to repurchase Shares in the open market of not exceeding 10% of the
     total number of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of June 19, 2025.

     During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has
     repurchased 11,418,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$172.5 million (excluding
     brokerage and other fees), of which 11,418,000 Shares are held as treasury Shares. Subject to applicable Listing Rules,
     the Company may cancel such treasury Shares or make alternative plans depending on market conditions and capital
     management needs. Details of the Shares repurchased are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                  Aggregate
                                                                                                               consideration
                                                  Total number                                                    (excluding
                                                      of Shares       Repurchase price per Share              brokerage and
     Month of repurchase                           repurchased             Highest           Lowest              other fees)
                                                                              HK$                HK$              HK$ million


     May 2025                                         1,041,400                10.20                 9.65                 10.2

     June 2025                                        1,145,000                15.20                10.12                 15.1

     August 2025                                        664,200                15.40                14.80                 10.0

     September 2025                                   3,435,200                15.70                14.62                 52.0

     October 2025                                     2,171,000                15.08                12.78                 30.4

     November 2025                                      504,000                15.63                14.36                  7.6

     February 2026                                    2,457,200                20.84                16.89                 47.2

     Saved as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any member of the Group has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     listed securities of the Company (including the sale of treasury shares) for the year ended December 31,2025, and up to the
     date of this annual report. As of December 31, 2025, the Company held 8,960,800 Shares of treasury Shares (2024: nil).

48   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report

MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — Contingent Liabilities” in this annual
report, the Group was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the
Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the
year ended December 31, 2025.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING
On September 28, 2023, the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The net
proceeds from the global offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, were approximately HK$135.8
million, which will be used in accordance with the intended use of net proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus by the
Company.

As of December 31, 2025, approximately HK$135.8 million of the net proceeds of the Global Offering had been utilized as
follows:

                                                                                                                                               Expected
                                                                                                                                               timeline of
                                                                                                                                               full
                                                                                                                                               utilization of
                                                                      Proceeds from                       Proceeds from                        the
                                                                          the Global                           the Global                      unutilized
                                        Allocation of net proceeds          Offering     Amounts not             Offering     Amounts not      proceeds
                                      from the Global Offering in the utilized as of    yet utilized as   utilized during    yet utilized as   from the
                                        proportion disclosed in the       January 1,        of January     the Reporting      of December      Global
                                                Prospectus                     2025             1, 2025            Period          31, 2025    Offering
                                         HKD million       Percentage     HKD million       HKD million        HKD million       HKD million


Enhancing and expanding online                 40.7           30.0%             12.2              28.5               10.2              18.3    By the end of
   game publishing business and                                                                                                                   2027
   other marketing business and
   consumer product business
Expanding and deepening the                    40.7           30.0%             12.1              28.6               10.2              18.4    By the end of
   partnership with major market                                                                                                                  2027
   participant throughout the full
   lifecycle value chain
Improving technology infrastructure            13.6           10.0%               4.1              9.5                3.3               6.2    By the end of
   and enhancing internal research                                                                                                                2027
   and development capabilities
Supporting overall strategies of               13.6           10.0%               4.1              9.5                3.1               6.4    By the end of
   expanding into select markets                                                                                                                  2027
   outside China and developing
   overseas operation
Exploring potential strategic                  13.6           10.0%               0.5             13.1                3.4               9.7    By the end of
   acquisition opportunities                                                                                                                      2027
Working capital and general                    13.6           10.0%               4.2              9.4                3.4               6.0    By the end of
   corporate purposes                                                                                                                             2027


Total                                         135.8          100.0%             37.2              98.6               33.6              65.0




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   49
     Directors’ Report

     As of December 31, 2025, all the unutilized net proceeds were held by the Company in short-term deposits with licensed
     banks or authorized financial institutions in Hong Kong and the PRC.

     The unutilized amount is expected to be used in accordance with the Company’s plan as disclosed in the Prospectus.
     The Company will continue to evaluate market conditions and adopt a prudent and flexible approach for utilizing the net
     proceeds and will ensure the net proceeds will be used effectively and efficiently for long-term benefit and development
     of the Group. The expected timeline of full utilization set out above is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring
     unforeseen circumstances, and is subject to change in light of future development of market conditions.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     On January 8, 2026, the Company completed the issuance of the HK$468,000,000 zero coupon Convertible Bonds. The
     aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Bonds was HK$468,000,000. The initial conversion price was HK$23.50
     per share (subject to adjustment), represents (i) a premium of approximately 38.24% to the closing price of the Shares
     of HK$17.00 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the last trading date before the date of the subscription
     agreement; and (ii) a premium of approximately 41.67% to the average closing price of HK$16.59 per Share for the last five
     consecutive trading days up to and including the last trading date before the date of the subscription agreement. Assuming
     full conversion of the Convertible Bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$23.50 per Conversion Share, the Convertible
     Bonds will be convertible into 19,914,804 new Shares (with nominal value of US$398.29608). Each ordinary share in the
     share capital of the Company has a nominal value of US$0.00002.The net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible
     Bonds are approximately HK$458.6 million (after deducting issuance fees and expenses), which will be used in accordance
     with the intended use of the net proceeds as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated January 8, 2026.

     As of the date of this report, the net proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Bonds of approximately HK$458.6 million
     have been utilised as set out below:

                                                                              Utilized net                        Utilized net
                                                                                proceeds                            proceeds
                                                                                 from the                            from the                      Expected
                                                                             Convertible Unutilized net          Convertible Unutilized net        timeline for
                                                                             Bonds as of       proceeds as       Bonds as of proceeds as of        utilizing the
                                                                               January 1, of January 1,           the date of       the date of    remaining
                                          Allocation of the net proceeds             2026             2026         this report       this report   net proceeds
                                        (In HKD Millions)            (%) (In HKD Millions) (In HKD Millions) (In HKD Millions) (In HKD Millions)


     AI-related business investment               229.3            50.0%               N/A               N/A                 0            229.3    January 2027


     Investment in listed securities              229.3            50.0%               N/A               N/A                 0            229.3    January 2027


     Total                                        458.6           100.0%               N/A               N/A                 0            458.6


     As of the date of this report, all unutilised net proceeds were placed by the Company as short-term deposits with licensed
     banks and authorised financial institutions in Hong Kong and the PRC.

     The unutilised amount is expected to be applied in accordance with the plan disclosed in the Company’s announcement
     dated January 8, 2026. The Company will continue to assess market conditions and adopt a prudent and flexible approach
     in utilising the net proceeds, so as to ensure the effective and efficient use of the net proceeds with a view to safeguarding
     the long-term interests and development of the Group. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the expected timeline
     for full utilisation as set out above is determined based on the Directors’ best estimate and is subject to adjustment
     depending on future market conditions.


50   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report

PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as of
December 31, 2025, the Company has maintained the prescribed percentage of public float (25%) as required under Rule
13.32B(1) the Listing Rules.


AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by Ernst &
Young. A resolution for the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.
There was no change in the Company’s auditor in any of the preceding three years as of December 31, 2025.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in this annual report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since December 31, 2025 and
up to the date of this annual report.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The registers of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, June 12, 2026 to Wednesday, June 17, 2026, both
days inclusive, in order to determine the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend and vote at AGM to be held on Wednesday,
June 17, 2026, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the
AGM, all properly completed transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m . on Thursday, June 11, 2026. The record date for
determining Shareholders’ eligibility to attend the vote at the AGM is Wednesday, June 17, 2026.




                                                                                               By order of the Board
                                                                                                  Mr. WU Xubo
                                                                                                     Chairman

                                                                                      Guangzhou, the PRC, March 27, 2026




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   51
     Corporate Governance Report

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Group is committed to implementing high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the
     Shareholders of the Company and enhance the corporate value as well as the responsibility commitments. The Company
     has adopted the Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance. Saved for the deviation as
     disclosed under the section headed “Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code”, the Company has complied with
     all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code during Reporting Period. The Company will continue to
     review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.


     CULTURE
     The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, economic success and sustainable growth of
     the Group. The Company is committed to developing its specific corporate culture, which is built upon its mission, vision
     and values.

     The Company continued to strengthen its cultural framework by focusing on the following:

     •      Mission: Create joy to end-users and empower our business partners in the digital era (在數位時代，為終端使用者創
            造快樂，為商業夥伴賦能前行)

     •      Values: Dedication, modesty, practicality, quality, inheritance (專注、謙和、務實、品質、傳承)

     The Board sets and promotes corporate culture and expects and requires all employees to reinforce. The Company has
     established a comprehensive system for employee training and development, covering leadership, general competencies,
     professional competencies, corporate culture, employee rights and responsibilities and others so that all employees may
     better understand its culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, and raise their cooperative and
     innovative awareness. The Company not only focuses on the improvement of employees’ professional development but has
     made efforts to incentivize its employees to have a “sense of goals” and “sense of fulfillment”.

     The Board considers that the corporate culture and the mission, values and strategy of the Group are aligned.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Responsibilities
     The Board takes the responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of
     all policy matters, overall strategies, internal control and risk management systems, and monitor the performance of the
     senior management. All of the Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information as well as the advice and
     services of company secretaries of the Company, with a view to ensuring that Board procedures and all applicable rules
     and regulations are followed. The Board has established Board committees and has delegated to these Board committees’
     various responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference which are published on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company.

     All Directors have carried out their duties in good faith and in compliance with the standards of applicable laws and
     regulations, and have acted objectively in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders.

     The Board also delegates the day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company to the Company’s
     senior management team. The senior management team reports to the Board on a regular basis and communicates with the
     Board whenever required.




52   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report

Board Composition
Executive Directors:
Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. WU Xuan (Chief Operating Officer)

Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Ms. SONG Siyun
Mr. QIN Yongde
Ms. ZHENG Yi

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” on pages 23 to 25 of this annual report.

None of the members of the Board is related (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relations) to one
another.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding directors’ dealing in the Company’s securities.
Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the
Model Code for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company’s relevant employees, who are likely to be in possession
of inside information of the Company, are also subject to the Model Code for securities transactions. No incident of non-
compliance of the Model Code by the Company’s relevant employees was noted by the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2025.

The Company has also established a policy on inside information to comply with its obligations under the SFO and the
Listing Rules. In the case when the Company becomes aware of any restricted period for dealings in the Company’s
securities, the Company will notify its Directors and relevant employees in advance.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interest of the
shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company’s
corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions set forth in the Corporate Governance
Code.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code except for code provisions as explained below.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and
chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   53
     Corporate Governance Report

     On June 30, 2025, Ms. LIANG Wenhong has tendered her resignation as the chief executive officer of the Company with
     effect from July 1, 2025 for her dedication to handling other business of the Group and Mr. WU Xubo (“Mr. WU”) has been
     re-appointed as the chief executive officer with effect from July 1, 2025. The roles of chairman of the Board and chief
     executive officer of the Company are currently performed by Mr. WU. In view of Mr. WU’s substantial contribution to the
     Group since its establishment and his extensive experience, the Company considers that having Mr. WU acting as both the
     chairman of the Board and chief executive officer will provide strong and consistent leadership to the Group and facilitate
     the efficient execution of the Group’s business strategies. The Directors believe that it is appropriate and beneficial to the
     Group’s business development and prospects that Mr. WU continues to act as both the chairman of the Board and chief
     executive officer of the Company, and therefore currently do not propose to separate the functions of chairman and chief
     executive officer.

     The Board believes that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
     management of the Company, given that: (i) there are sufficient checks and balances in the Board, as a decision to be made
     by the Board requires approval by at least a majority of the Directors, and the Board comprises three independent non-
     executive Directors, which is in compliance with the requirement under the Listing Rules; (ii) Mr. WU and the other Directors
     are aware of and undertake to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for
     the benefit and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Group accordingly; and (iii) the balance
     of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
     who meet regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of the Company. Moreover, the overall strategic and other key
     business, financial, and operational policies of the Group are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
     senior management levels. The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure of the
     Group in order to assess whether separation of the roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer is necessary.

     In response to the amendments to the Corporate Governance Code effective July 1, 2025, the Board has approved
     changes to the terms of reference for the nomination committee. For details, see the Terms of Reference of the Nomination
     Committee of the Company dated December 31, 2025.

     In addition, the Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
     compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices.


     BOARD MEETINGS
     Code provision C.5.1 of the part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that board meetings should be held at
     least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals with active participation of the majority of the Directors, either in
     person or through electronic means of communication.

     The company held 27 board meetings for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company will convene at least four
     regular meetings in each financial year at approximately quarterly intervals in accordance with code provision C.5.1 of the
     part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code going forward.




54   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report

Attendance record of Directors
A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings for the year ended
December 31, 2025 is set out in the following table:

                                                           Board            Audit Remuneration    Nomination              General
Name of Director                                          Meeting      Committee      Committee    Committee              Meeting
                                                                     (Number of attendance/number of meeting)


Executive Directors:
Mr. WU Xubo                                                  27/27              2/2               2/2        3/3                2/2
Ms. WU Xuan                                                  27/27              2/2               2/2        3/3                2/2

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Ms. SONG Siyun                                               27/27              2/2               2/2        3/3                2/2
Mr. QIN Yongde                                               27/27              2/2               2/2        3/3                2/2
Ms. ZHENG Yi                                                 27/27              2/2               2/2        3/3                2/2

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the chairman of the Board also held two meeting with all independent non-
executive Directors, without the presence of other Directors.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role in the Board as they bring an impartial view on the
Group’s strategies, performance and control, as well as ensure that the interests of all shareholders are considered.
All independent non-executive Directors possess appropriate academic, professional qualifications or related financial
management experience. None of the independent non-executive Directors held any other offices in the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or is interested in any shares of the Company.

In order to ensure that independent views and input of the independent non-executive Directors are made available to
the Board, the Nomination Committee and the Board are committed to assess the independent non-executive Directors’
independence annually with regards to all relevant factors related to the independent non-executive Directors including the
following:

•    required character, integrity, expertise, experience and stability to fulfill their roles;

•    time commitment and attention to the Company’s affairs;

•    firm commitment to their independent roles and to the Board;

•    declaration of conflict of interest in their roles as independent non-executive Directors;

•    no involvement in the daily management of the Company nor in any relationship or circumstances which would affect
     the exercise of their independent judgement; and

•    the Chairman meets with the independent non-executive Directors regularly without the presence of the executive
     Directors.

The implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanism shall be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   55
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and
     the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with the criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and (2) of the
     Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one independent
     non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management
     expertise.

     As at December 31, 2025, no independent non-executive Director had served more than nine years on the Board.


     APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the Articles of
     Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, identifying and recommending
     individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination
     and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and assessing
     the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

     Code Provision B.2 of the part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that all directors should be subject to re-
     election at regular intervals. Code Provision B.2.2 of the part 2 of Corporate Governance Code further states that every
     director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
     years. Each of the Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, is appointed for a term of three years and is
     subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Pursuant to Article 109(a) of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the
     time being, or, if their number not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third, shall
     retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to
     retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Pursuant to Article 122 of the Articles of Association, the Board shall have power from time to time and at any time to
     appoint any person as Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional Director. Any Director so appointed shall
     hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after their appointment and be subject to re-election at
     such meeting.

     Accordingly, WU Xuan and ZHENG Yi will retire from the Board by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves
     for re-election pursuant to the relevant provisions the Articles of Association.


     INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT FOR DIRECTORS
     Every newly appointed Director receives a formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on appointment, so as to ensure
     that he or she understands the business and operations of the Company and that he or she is fully aware of his or her
     responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements. The Company will
     continue to arrange regular seminars to provide the Directors with updates on the latest developments and changes in the
     Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with
     regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director
     to discharge his duty.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Directors participated in continuing professional development programs and
     read relevant training materials which were distributed to them. The trainings covered topics which include, among others,
     directors’ duties, the disclosure obligations under laws of Hong Kong and other applicable rules and regulations, the
     requirements of connected transactions under the Listing Rules.


56   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report

The table below sets out the records of each Director’s participation in continuing professional development programs for
the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                                                                                                     Board of
                                                                                                                Directors and
                                                                                                                    Directors’
                                                                                             Read the              Corporate
                                                                                         Latest Legal            Governance
                                                                      Participate     Regulations and              Guidelines
                                                                           in the      Other Relevant                Training
Name of Directors                                                Training Course          Information                  (Hours)


Executive Directors
Mr. WU Xubo                                                                       ✓                    ✓                         6
Ms. WU Xuan                                                                       ✓                    ✓                         6

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. SONG Siyun                                                                    ✓                    ✓                         7
Mr. QIN Yongde                                                                    ✓                    ✓                         7
Ms. ZHENG Yi                                                                      ✓                    ✓                         7

The Group continuously provides Directors with the latest information on the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
requirements, ensuring that awareness of their responsibilities and obligations is enhanced and good corporate governance
is maintained.


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the
Nomination Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established
with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees are available for viewing on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Audit Committee
The Company has established the Audit Committee and has formulated its written terms of reference, in compliance
with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and of the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee
are to review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal controls system of the Group, to monitor the
implementation of the Group’s risk management policies across the Company on an ongoing basis to ensure that its internal
control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in its business operations, and to review and
approve connected transactions and provide advice and comments to the Board. The Audit Committee consists of three
independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. ZHENG Yi (chairlady), Ms. SONG Siyun and Mr. QIN Yongde. Ms. ZHENG
Yi is appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The Company has also established an internal audit department which is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of risk
management policies and reporting to the Audit Committee on any issues identified. The internal audit department reports
to the Audit Committee to ensure that any major issues identified thus are channeled to the committee on a timely basis.
The Audit Committee then discusses the issues and reports to the Board if necessary.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee reviewed the Group’s audited consolidated results as of December 31,
2024 and unaudited interim results and financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The Audit Committee
has considered and reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and the Group and
discussed matters in relation to internal control, risk management and financial reporting with the management.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   57
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025
     and considers that the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025 are in compliance with the relevant
     accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made. In addition, the consolidated
     financial statements of the Group have been audited by the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young. The Audit
     Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and
     internal control with senior management members of the Company. The Audit Committee had met with the auditor of the
     Company in the absence of management of the Company twice in relation to the provision of audit service to the Company
     for the year ended December 31, 2025.

     The company held two meetings of the Audit Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25
     of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to review
     and make recommendations to our Board on the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses and other compensation
     payable to the Directors and other senior management. The Remuneration Committee consists of three Directors, namely,
     one executive Director, Mr. WU Xubo, and two independent non-executive Directors, Ms. SONG Siyun and Ms. ZHENG Yi.
     Ms. SONG Siyun is the chairlady of the Remuneration Committee.

     During the Report Period, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed the policy and structure for the remuneration of the
     Directors and senior management of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 and remuneration proposal of
     the Directors and senior management of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2025. No material matters relating
     to the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan were reviewed and/or approved by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting
     Period.

     The company held two meetings of the Compensation Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025.

     Details of the remuneration payable to each Director for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Notes 8 and
     35 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 113 to 115 and pages 149 to 150 of this annual report. For the year
     ended December 31, 2025, the remuneration payable to the senior management of the Company (comprising the executive
     Directors), including equity-settled share option expense, is shown in the following table by band:

                                                                                                                  Number of
     Emolument bands (in HKD)                                                                                     individuals


     HK$500,001–HK$1,000,000                                                                                                1
     HK$4,000,001–HK$4,500,000                                                                                              2
     HK$10,500,001–HK$11,000,000                                                                                            1


     Total                                                                                                                  4


     Nomination Committee
     The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.27A
     of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make
     recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and management of Board succession. The Nomination
     Committee consists of three Directors, namely, one executive Director, Mr. WU Xubo, and two independent non-executive
     Directors, Ms. SONG Siyun and Ms. ZHENG Yi. Mr. WU Xubo is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.




58   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee has (i) assessed the independence of independent non-executive
Directors, recommended the re-appointment of the Directors standing for re-election at the AGM; (ii) selected and
recommended to the Board well-qualified, willing and available prospective candidates (including the candidate of CEO) at
an appropriate time after a potential vacancy arose in accordance with the nomination procedures; and (iii) reviewed the
board diversity policy and nomination policy of the Company.

The Company held three meetings of the Nomination Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) was approved and adopted by the Board for evaluating and selecting any
candidate for directorship. According to the Nomination Policy, the Nomination Committee would consider the following
criteria, including, among other things, the business model and specific needs of the Company and the diversity in various
aspects. The final appointment recommendation shall be made to the Board by the Nomination Committee based on
merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board after taking into account the relevant aspects
mentioned above. The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider and recommend suitable individuals to the Board to
consider and to make recommendations to the Shareholders for election of Directors at a general meeting either to fill a
casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board.


DIVERSITY POLICY
Board Diversity
In order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and to maintain the high standard of corporate governance, the
Company has adopted the board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) including the necessary balance of skills
and experience appropriate for the requirements of the business development of the Company and for effective leadership.
The Board Diversity Policy has been reviewed by the Board on an annual basis. A summary of the Board Diversity Policy is
set out below:

Purpose
The Board Diversity Policy aims to set out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board and
enable the Board to comply with the Corporate Governance Code.

Board Diversity Policy Statement
The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the
Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage and
enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent. The ultimate
decision of the appointment will be based on merit and the contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.
Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, skills, age, professional
experience, knowledge, cultural, education background, ethnicity and length of service.

Measurable Objectives
Regarding the gender diversity on the Board, the Company recognizes the particular importance of gender diversity. The
Company has taken and will continue to take steps to promote and enhance gender diversity at all levels of the Company,
including but without limitation at the Board and senior management levels. The Company will also continue to ensure
that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that the Company will have a pipeline of female
management and potential successors to the Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board. The Group will
continue to emphasize on the training of female talents and providing long-term development opportunities for its female
staff.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   59
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Board has a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, marketing, business development,
     investment management and corporate finance. They obtained degrees in various majors including business administration,
     management, finance, laws and human resources management. Currently, the Board has three female Directors, Ms. WU
     Xuan, an executive Director, and Ms. SONG Siyun and Ms. ZHENG Yi, two independent non-executive Directors.

     The Nomination Committee is of the view that the diversity level of the Board is appropriate in terms of knowledge,
     experience and skills of the Directors. After evaluating various factors, given that the Board has three female Directors,
     representing 60% of the Board, which is higher than the industry average, the Nomination Committee considered that the
     gender diversity of the Board is achieved and will maintain the gender diversity at such level. The Nomination Committee is
     and will continue to be responsible for ensuring the diversity of the Board, and will monitor the implementation of the Board
     Diversity Policy and review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Workforce Diversity
     The Company has established rules and procedures of recruitment, job promotion, compensation, benefits, rest periods,
     dismissal, etc., to protect the employees’ rights. During recruitment and job promotion, the Company follows the principle of
     “selection on merit”, taking into account the performance, work experience and capability of the applicant or employee. The
     Company advocates a diverse and equal workforce culture by ensuring that applicants and employees are not discriminated
     against on the basis of gender, age, race, family status or physical disability, aiming to provide its employees with a fair
     work environment. As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 1,239 employees of which 799 (64.5%) were male and 440
     (35.5%) were female. The Board is satisfied with the gender diversity of the Company’s employees and is not aware of any
     factors or circumstances that would make it more challenging or less relevant for the Group to achieve gender diversity
     among its employees.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
     The Board is responsible for determining corporate governance policy of the Company performing the functions set out in
     code provisions A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.

     The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
     development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
     regulatory requirements, and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Company’s code of
     conduct applicable to its employees and Directors, and disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report during the Reporting
     Period.

     The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. The Company Secretary of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances required, provide
     updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange.


     BOARD INDEPENDENCE
     The Board established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, including, among
     others, (i) independent non-executive Directors are encouraged to actively participate in the Board meetings; (ii) the number
     of independent non-executive Directors must comply with the requirement under the Listing Rules; (iii) sufficient resources
     shall be provided to the Board if it thinks necessary to seek independent professional advice from independent third parties;
     and (iv) the independent non-executive Directors shall devote sufficient time to discharge their duties as a Director.

     The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms on an annual basis, which have been
     reviewed and considered effective by the Board for the year ended December 31, 2025.




60   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding directors’ dealing in the Company’s securities.
Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the
Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Company’s relevant employees, who are likely to be in possession of inside
information of the Company, have also been subject to the Model Code for securities transactions. No incident of non-
compliance of the Model Code by the Company’s relevant employees was noted by the Company during the Reporting
Period.

The Company has also established a policy on inside information to comply with its obligations under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance and the Listing Rules. In case when the Company is aware of any restricted period for dealings in the
Company’s securities, the Company will notify its Directors and relevant employees in advance.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2025. The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual
and interim reports, inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required by the Listing Rules and
other regulatory requirements. The senior management of the Company has provided such explanation and information to
the Board as necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the financial information and position of
the Company in order to put forward such information to the Board for approval. The Directors are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern.

The statement by the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, about their reporting responsibilities on the
financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 67 to 70 of this annual report.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company is a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, the payment and
amount of any future dividends will also depend on the availability of dividends received from its subsidiaries. PRC laws
require that dividends shall be paid only out of the profit for the year/period determined according to PRC accounting
principles, which differ in many aspects from the generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including
HKFRSs. PRC laws also require foreign-invested enterprises to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund
its statutory reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends.

Any dividends declared in the past is not indicative of the Company’s future dividend policy. The amount of dividend
actually distributed to the Shareholders will depend upon its earnings and financial condition, operating requirements,
capital requirements and any other conditions that its Directors may deem relevant and will be subject to approval of the
shareholders. The Board has the absolute discretion to recommend any dividend. The Company does not have any pre-
determined dividend pay-out ratio and dividend policy.

Pursuant to provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan, no dividends shall be payable in relation to the Shares that are the
subject of options that have not been exercised, and thus no dividend will be payable to Shares held by ESOP BVIs. Save
as disclosed above, the Board is not aware of any other arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to
waive any dividend.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   61
     Corporate Governance Report

     WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
     The Board adopted a whistleblowing policy (the “Whistleblowing Policy”), the purpose of which is to (i) provide an avenue
     for the Group’s employees, clients, suppliers and other stakeholders to voice concerns, in confidence and anonymity,
     with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matter relating to the Group, particularly in relation to fraud,
     controls or ethics, without fear of reprisals when whistleblowing in good faith; and (ii) ensure that robust arrangements are in
     place to facilitate independent investigation of the reported concern and for the appropriate follow up actions to be taken.

     The nature, status and the results of the complaints received under the Whistleblowing Policy are reported to the Audit
     Committee. No incident of fraud or misconduct that have material effect on the Group’s financial statements or overall
     operations for the year ended December 31, 2025 has been discovered. The Whistleblowing Policy is reviewed annually by
     the Audit Committee to ensure its effectiveness.


     ANTI-CORRUPTION COMPLIANCE POLICY
     The Board adopted an anti-corruption compliance policy (the “Anti-corruption Policy”). The Group is committed to
     achieving the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior in conducting business. The Anti-corruption Policy forms
     an integral part of the Group’s corporate governance framework. The Anti-corruption Policy sets out the specific behavioral
     guidelines that the Group and its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, and agents must follow to combat corruption.
     It demonstrates the Group’s commitment to the practice of ethical business conduct and the compliance of the anti-
     corruption laws and regulations that apply to its local and foreign operations. In line with this commitment and to ensure
     transparency in the Group’s practices, this Anti-corruption Policy has been prepared as a guide to all Group employees
     and third parties dealing with the Group. The Anti-corruption Policy is reviewed and updated periodically to align with the
     applicable laws and regulations as well as the industry best practice.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION
     The Company appointed Ernst & Young as the external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2025. A statement by
     Ernst & Young about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent Auditor’s
     Report on pages 67 to 70.

     Details of the fees paid/payable in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                   Fees paid and
     Services rendered for the Company                                                                                   payable
                                                                                                                       (RMB’000)


     Auditor’s remuneration
     Audit services                                                                                                          4,000
     Interim review services                                                                                                 2,500
     Tax Services                                                                                                             53.5
     Total                                                                                                                 6,553.5


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Company recognizes that adequate and effective risk management and internal control are critical to achieve the
     Company’s strategic objectives. Risk management and internal control systems shall ensure the effective business
     operation, accuracy and reliability of financial reporting, and due compliance with applicable laws, regulations and policies.
     As such, the Board acknowledges that it is responsible for ensuring that the Company has established and maintained
     sound risk management and internal control systems within the Group and reviewing their effectiveness on an ongoing
     basis. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
     only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement, loss or fraud.

62   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report

Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Board (through the Audit Committee) is responsible for establishing the Company’s risk management and internal
control systems. For the purposes of risk management and internal control, the Company has adopted various measures
and procedures regarding business operations.

The Company has formulated risk management and internal control management policies to construct a fundamental
environment for risk management and internal control. The Company provides periodic training on these measures and
procedures to employees and regularly monitors their implementation in business operation. Business departments actively
cooperate with internal control and internal audit functions, report to the Company’s internal auditor department on any
important business development and how policies and strategies established by the Company are implemented within
the department, and timely identify, assess and manage major risks. Risk management report, covering identified risks,
evaluation and proposed responding measures, is submitted to the senior management or the Board periodically to monitor
the implementation of the risk management policies across the Group on an ongoing basis to ensure that the internal
control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in Company’s operations.

In addition, the Company has set up an internal control framework, which relates to business processes such as
procurement, human resources and payroll, game development, game marketing and sales tax, capital, information
security and intellectual property rights, financial reporting and disclosure. The risk bank has also been put in place and risk
assessment is conducted on a regular basis to ensure the effectiveness of risk management and internal control.

Significant Risks of the Company
Below is a summary of the significant risks of the Company along with the applicable response strategies. The summary is
not intended to be exhaustive as the Company’s risk profile may change.

Financial reporting risk management
The Company has implemented a set of accounting policies in connection with its financial reporting risk management,
such as financial reporting management policies, budget management policies, financial statement preparation policies and
finance department and staff management policies. The Company has various procedures in place to implement accounting
policies and its finance department reviews the management accounts based on such procedures. The Company
also provides regular training to finance department staff to ensure that they understand its financial management and
accounting policies and implement them in its daily operations.

Investment policies and risk management
The Group has also established a set of investment policies and internal control measures to achieve reasonable returns on
its investments while mitigating its exposure to investment risks.

Information system risk management
The Group has implemented relevant internal procedures and controls to ensure that its data is protected, and that leakage
and loss of such data is avoided. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any material information
leakage or loss of user data.

Internal control risk management
The Group has designed and adopted internal control mechanisms and strict internal procedures to ensure the compliance
of its business operations with the relevant rules and regulations.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   63
     Corporate Governance Report

     Inside information risk management
     The Group attaches utmost importance to the proper handling and dissemination of inside information. Internal policies are
     put in place to ensure that inside information is adequately controlled. To ensure the confidentiality and the timely disclosure
     of inside information, all employees are provided with learning materials and guidelines regarding the handling and
     dissemination of inside information on a yearly basis. Information technology system controls are implemented to ensure the
     access to sensitive data is restricted to authorized personnel only.

     Intellectual property infringement risk management
     The Group has formulated policies to regulate the management of intellectual property rights such as computer software
     copyrights and trademarks. The in-house legal department and the administration department are jointly responsible for
     intellectual property-related management and compliance.

     Human resources risk management
     The Group provides regular and specialized training tailored to (i) the needs of its employees in different departments, and
     (ii) its anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy. Through these training sessions, the Group ensures that its staff’s skill sets and
     knowledge level of the Company’s anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy remain up-to-date, enabling them to better comply
     with applicable laws and regulations in the course of exploring business.


     REGULATORY COMPLIANCE AND LEGAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     In order to manage its compliance and legal risk exposures effectively, the Company has designed and adopted strict
     internal procedures to ensure the compliance of its business operations with the relevant rules and regulations.

     The Company continually improves its internal policies according to changes in laws, regulations and industry standards,
     and update internal templates for legal documents. The Company also undertakes compliance management over various
     aspects of its operations and employee activities, and has established an accountability system in respect of employees’
     violations of laws, regulations and internal policies.

     Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control
     The Company has established its internal audit function, which is responsible for independently reviewing the adequacy
     and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control system and reporting the results to the
     Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for conducting a review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
     management and internal control systems, including all material controls (such as financial, operational and compliance
     controls), at least once every year.

     The Audit Committee’s process of reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and
     resolving material internal control defects comprises of, among other things: (i) meetings with the business department,
     the internal audit and control department, legal team, and the external auditor; (ii) reviewing the relevant work reports
     and information of key performance indicators; (iii) the senior management’s self-assessment on internal control and (iv)
     discussing the significant risks with the senior management.

     The Board has conducted a review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     systems and considers that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective for the
     year ended December 31, 2025.




64   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report

COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. TSANG Wing Man, a manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a company secretarial
service provider), has been appointed as the Company Secretary. She is responsible for advising the Board on corporate
governance matters and ensuring that Board policy and procedures, as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations
are followed. Her primary contact person at the Company is Mr. WU Xubo, the executive Director of the Company.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, Ms. TSANG Wing Man complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking no
less than 15 hours of the relevant professional training during the year.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings
Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary general
meeting. General meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more Shareholders holding, at the date of
deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general
meetings, on a one vote per Share basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to
the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the
transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of
such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
themself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a
result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
There are no provisions under the Articles of Association regarding procedures for Shareholders to put forward proposals
at the general meetings other than a proposal of a person for election as Director. However, Shareholders who wish to put
forward proposals at general meetings may achieve so by means of convening an extraordinary general meeting following
the procedures set out in paragraph above.

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the Company Secretary
whose contact details are as follows:

Address:                40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre
                        248 Queen’s Road East
                        Wanchai, Hong Kong
                        (For the attention of the Board of Directors/Company Secretary)

Email:                  IR@tanwan.com

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   65
     Corporate Governance Report

     INVESTORS RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
     investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-
     going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings of the
     Company to allow Shareholders to speak and as a platform for communication and interaction; the annual and interim
     reports, notices, announcements and circulars and the Company’s website at (https://www.tanwan.cn/) and the website
     of the Stock Exchange. The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholder communication
     policy and confirmed its effectiveness during the Reporting Period.


     CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     The fifth and sixth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association have been separately approved by
     shareholders of the Company by way of special resolutions on the AGM on June 19, 2025 and on the EGM on August 28,
     2025. The changes were to further optimize the implementation and the expansion of paperless listing regime and electronic
     dissemination of corporate communications as well as the treasury shares regime, and to change the company name,
     respectively.

     Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in constitutional documents of the Company for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report.




66   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report



                                     Ernst & Young                  安永會計師事務所                        Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                     27/F, One Taikoo Place         香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號                    Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                     979 King’s Road                太古坊一座27樓                        ey.com
                                     Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Tanwan Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Tanwan Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
set out on pages 71 to 161, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025,
and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes
in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities.
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   67
     Independent Auditor’s Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Recognition of revenue from game marketing and operation         Our audit procedures to address this matter including the
                                                                      following:
     The Group markets and operates online games which are
     either authorised by third-party game developers or are          •    Obtaining agreements with various parties and
     self-owned by the Group, under the free-to-play basis.                checked the rights and obligations of each party,
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s                   revenue sharing arrangement, etc. to assess
     revenue from game marketing and operation amounted to                 management’s judgement on principal vs agent;
     RMB4,051,517,000, representing 97.4% of the Group’s
     total revenues.                                                  •    Obtaining an understanding of the process of revenue
                                                                           recognition from game marketing and operation and
     Proceeds from selling virtual items in the games are shared           the related internal controls;
     among the game developers, the payment channels,
     collaborated distribution platforms, and the Group. The          •    Testing the key controls of the revenue recognition
     Group evaluates the agreements in order to determine                  process of game marketing and operation, including
     whether the Group acts as the principal or an agent with              relevant IT application controls, with the assistance of
     each party respectively, based on which to further determine          our internal IT specialists;
     if relevant revenues should be reported gross or net of the
     amount of the proceeds shared with the other parties. The        •    Verifying the transaction data extracted from the
     evaluation involves significant judgements.                           Group’s IT system against the statements from
                                                                           the third-party payment channels or collaborated
     In addition, for self-owned games, revenue is recognised              distribution platforms on a sampling basis, with the
     rateable over the estimated average paying period of                  involvement of our internal IT specialists;
     the paying end-users (“Player Relation Period”). The
     estimation of the Player Relation Period involves the analysis   •    Obtaining confirmations from game developers,
     of all available game player behaviour information and any            collaborated distribution platforms, on sampling
     changes may result in revenues being recognised on a                  basis, and reviewing the reconciliations if any material
     different basis.                                                      differences noted;

     Due to the significant judgement and estimation involved         •    Obtaining statements from game developers for the
     in the revenue recognition, as well as the high volume of             year, performing re-calculation of revenue shared
     transactions and complex game player behaviour data, we               by the Group and amounts payable to the game
     identified the recognition of revenue from game marketing             developers, and checking the amounts against the
     and operation as a key audit matter.                                  Group’s accounting records;

     Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 “Material          •    With the assistance of our internal IT specialists,
     accounting policies”, note 3 “Significant accounting                  conducting game player behavior data analyses for the
     judgements and estimates”, note 4 “Operating segment                  selected games;
     information” and note 5 “Revenue”, to the consolidated
     financial statements.                                            •    With the assistance of our internal IT specialists,
                                                                           performing re-calculation of the Player Relation Period
                                                                           based on the players behaviour patterns of the self-
                                                                           owned games; and

                                                                      •    Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures included in
                                                                           the notes to the consolidated financial statements.




68   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   69
     Independent Auditor’s Report

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Continued)
     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
            internal control.

     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
            disclosures made by the directors.

     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
            audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
            doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
            required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
            if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
            up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
            as a going concern.

     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
            manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
            the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
            are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
            We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
     our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
     these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
     extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
     consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is TJEN Michael (practising certificate
     number: P06794).




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     27 March 2026




70   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                     Notes       2025                   2024
                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

REVENUE                                                               5      4,158,199              5,580,112

Cost of sales                                                                (1,784,343)           (1,555,769)

Gross profit                                                                 2,373,856              4,024,343

Other income and gains                                                5       1,882,323               162,926
Selling and distribution expenses                                            (1,875,940)           (3,516,685)
Administrative expenses                                                        (170,372)             (192,111)
Research and development costs                                                  (98,312)             (127,733)
Impairment losses on financial assets, net                                     (124,523)             (135,303)
Other expenses                                                                  (44,366)             (107,352)
Finance costs                                                         7         (14,115)               (42,468)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                               25,905                  10,911
   Associates                                                                   14,481                  21,887

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                     6      1,968,937                  98,415

Income tax expense                                                    10      (408,702)                (54,396)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                          1,560,235                  44,019


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent years:
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associate                        397,906                   (1,254)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR,
 NET OF TAX                                                                    397,906                   (1,254)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                      1,958,141                  42,765


Profit/(Loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                       1,486,509                  (3,624)
  Non-controlling interests                                                     73,726                  47,643

                                                                             1,560,235                  44,019

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                       1,884,415                  (4,878)
  Non-controlling interests                                                     73,726                  47,643

                                                                             1,958,141                  42,765

EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
 EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  Basic (RMB)                                                         12           2.83                     (—*)
  Diluted (RMB)                                                       12           2.79                     (—*)

*     Less than 0.01


                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   71
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     31 December 2025


                                                                            As at          As at
                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                             Notes          2025           2024
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property and equipment                                   13          246,174        80,016
     Investment properties                                    14           80,010        74,055
     Right-of-use assets                                      15          210,118       221,205
     Other intangible assets                                  17           18,045        11,119
     Investments in joint ventures                            18          318,146       274,247
     Investments in associates                                19          579,318       175,293
     Deferred tax assets                                      28               —        117,523
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          21            8,471         8,172
     Pledged deposits                                         23          636,965       560,770
     Time deposits                                                         82,831        77,022


     Total non-current assets                                           2,180,078     1,599,422


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                              713         2,858
     Trade receivables                                        20          221,278       237,194
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          21          928,171       776,501
     Amounts due from related parties                         35          113,126        38,243
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22        2,892,876       430,534
     Pledged deposits                                         23          427,581     1,615,554
     Restricted cash                                          23              605        33,983
     Time deposits                                            23          242,003       314,422
     Cash and cash equivalents                                23          375,952       514,963


     Total current assets                                               5,202,305     3,964,252


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade payables                                           24          451,209       475,530
     Bills payable                                            25        1,303,815     1,530,095
     Other payables and accruals                              26          484,530       419,766
     Interest-bearing bank borrowings                         27           34,369       199,568
     Lease liabilities                                        15           15,378         4,736
     Tax payable                                                          485,663       471,448


     Total current liabilities                                          2,774,964     3,101,143


     NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                   2,427,341       863,109


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                              4,607,419     2,462,531




72   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                        31 December 2025


                                                                            As at                As at
                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                             Notes          2025                 2024
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                             15           52,796                 39,466
Deferred tax liability                                        28          269,398                     —


Total non-current liabilities                                             322,194                 39,466


Net assets                                                              4,285,225             2,423,065


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                 29               77                    77
Treasury shares                                               29         (114,804)                   (1)
Reserves                                                      31        4,300,593             2,398,458


                                                                        4,185,866             2,398,534

Non-controlling interests                                                  99,359                 24,531


Total equity                                                            4,285,225             2,423,065




Mr. WU Xubo                                         Ms. WU Xuan
Director                                            Director




                                                                               Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   73
     Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
     Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                 reserve of
                                                                                                                                                           financial assets
                                                                                                                                                               at fair value
                                                                                                                        Statutory             Share          through other                                          Non-
                                                                                 Share     Treasury      Capital          surplus         incentive        comprehensive        Accumulated                   controlling      Total
                                                                                capital      shares      reserve          reserve           reserve                 income           losses        Total        interests     equity
                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000                  RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                              (Note 29)   (Note 29)    (Note 31)        (Note 31)        (Note 31)                (Note 31)

     At 1 January 2024                                                              77           (3)    217,502            5,000        2,363,777                  (60,950)        (238,879)    2,286,524       (10,739)    2,275,785
     Profit for the year                                                            —            —           —                —                —                        —             (3,624)      (3,624)       47,643        44,019
     Other comprehensive loss for the year                                          —            —           —                —                —                        —                 —            —             —             —
     Proportionate interest in the investee arising from changes in the
       investee’s other comprehensive income, net of tax                             —           —            —               —                 —                   (1,254)               —        (1,254)            —        (1,254)

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                         —          —            —                —                 —                   (1,254)          (3,624)       (4,878)       47,643       42,765

     Issue of ordinary shares                                                        —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —              —            —
     Share issue expenses                                                            —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —              —            —
     Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                  —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —         (12,373)     (12,373)
     Special dividends declared                                                      —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —              —            —
     Shares issued upon exercise of share options                                    —          2            —                —                —                         —                —            2             —             2
     Equity-settled share option arrangements                                        —          —            —                —           116,886                        —                —      116,886             —       116,886
     Changes in non-controlling interests without loss of control                    —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —              —            —
     Capital injection in non-wholly owned subsidiaries                              —          —            —                —                —                         —                —           —              —            —

     At 31 December 2024                                                            77           (1)    217,502*           5,000*       2,480,663*                 (62,204)*       (242,503)*   2,398,534        24,531     2,423,065


                                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                            Fair value
                                                                                                                                                            reserve of
                                                                                                                                                      financial assets
                                                                                                                                                          at fair value
                                                                                                                       Statutory             Share      through other                                              Non-
                                                                                          Treasury       Capital         surplus         incentive     comprehensive           Accumulated                   controlling       Total
                                                                          Share capital     shares       reserve         reserve           reserve             income               Profits       Total        interests      equity
                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                              (Note 29)   (Note 29)    (Note 31)       (Note 31)         (Note 31)           (Note 31)

     At 1 January 2025                                                              77           (1)    217,502            5,000        2,480,663                  (62,204)        (242,503)    2,398,534        24,531     2,423,065
     Profit for the year                                                            —            —           —                —                —                        —         1,486,509     1,486,509        73,726     1,560,235
     Other comprehensive loss for the year                                          —            —           —                —                —                        —                —             —             —             —
     Proportionate interest in the investee arising from changes in the
       investee’s other comprehensive income, net of tax                             —           —            —               —                 —                 397,906                 —      397,906              —      397,906

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                         —          —            —                —                 —                 397,906         1,486,509     1,884,415        73,726     1,958,141
     Issue of ordinary shares                                                        —          —            —                —                 —                      —                 —             —             —             —
     Shares repurchased                                                              —    (114,804)          —                —                 —                      —                 —       (114,804)           —       (114,804)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                  —          —            —                —                 —                      —                 —             —             —             —
     Special dividends declared                                                      —          —            —                                  —                      —                 —             —             —             —
     Shares issued upon exercise of share options                                    —           1           —                —                 —                      —                 —              1            —              1
     Equity-settled share option arrangements                                        —          —            —                —             18,634                     —                 —         18,634            —         18,634
     Capital injection in non-wholly owned subsidiaries                              —          —          (914)              —                 —                      —                 —           (914)          914            —
     Changes in non-controlling interests without loss of control                    —          —            —                —                 —                      —                 —             —            188           188

     At 31 December 2025                                                            77    (114,804)     216,588*           5,000*       2,499,297*                335,702*        1,244,006*    4,185,866        99,359     4,285,225

     *          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB4,300,593,000 (2024: RMB2,398,458,000) in the consolidated
                statement of financial position.



74   Tanwan Inc.          Annual Report 2025
                                                                  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                             Notes       2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax:                                                                   1,968,937                  98,415

Adjustments for:

Finance costs                                                                 7          14,115                  42,468
Foreign exchange loss/(gain), net                                             6           7,730                   (2,358)
Bank interest income                                                          5         (68,628)              (115,841)
Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                            (40,386)                (32,798)
Impairment of an investment in joint ventures and associates                                 —                       972
Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                                          1,295                       —
Loss/(gain) on disposal of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                              6         14,158                   (5,165)
Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                        6      (1,803,077)               13,263
Equity-settled share-based expenses                                           6          18,634               116,886
Impairment of trade receivables, net                                          6             860                  (827)
Impairment on financial assets included in other receivables                  6         123,663               136,105
Loss on disposal of items of property and equipment                           6             186                19,615
Loss/(gain) on lease modification                                             6           1,238               (28,351)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                        6          19,066                15,556
Depreciation of investment properties                                         6           2,911                 2,331
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           6          39,836                43,047
Impairment of investment properties                                           6          13,240                 5,155
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                       6           3,978                 5,154
Impairment of property and equipment                                          6              —                 32,798
Impairment of goodwill                                                        6              —                 27,917

Decrease in inventories                                                                  2,145                      47
Decrease in trade and bills receivables                                                 15,056                  74,329
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                           (275,722)              (251,505)
Decrease/(increase) in deposits                                                         66,610               (384,345)
Increase in amounts due from related parties                                           (74,883)                (14,262)
(Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                                  (24,321)                  9,461
Decrease in bills payable                                                             (226,280)            (1,276,456)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                      59,966               (458,594)
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                                  33,378                 (29,923)

Cash from/(used in) operations                                                         106,295             (1,956,906)
Interest received                                                                        1,560                   2,378
Interest paid                                                                          (10,558)                (34,287)
Income tax paid                                                                         (7,566)                (10,816)

Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                     122,859             (1,999,631)




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   75
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     Year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                            Notes      2025         2024
                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                                 67,068      113,463
     Dividends received from joint venture and associate                               11,168        44,188
     Purchases of items of property and equipment                                    (207,568)      (46,218)
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property and equipment                             52            261
     Additions to other intangible assets                                             (10,904)        (1,020)
     Purchase of an investment in joint ventures                                      (20,800)      (10,500)
     Purchases of investments in associates                                                —          (1,000)
     Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               (839,630)      (15,997)
     Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                166,207          5,165
     Placement of pledged time deposits                                              (429,690)    (784,352)
     Withdrawal of pledged time deposits                                            1,541,468    2,791,441

     Net cash flows from investing activities                                        277,371     2,095,431


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     New bank loans                                                                    39,243      199,568
     Repayment of bank loans                                                         (204,531)    (213,336)
     Interest paid                                                                     (1,266)        (2,043)
     Principal portion of lease payments                                     15        (5,798)      (33,120)
     Interest portion of lease payments                                      15        (2,202)        (6,545)
     Payments for repurchases of shares                                              (114,804)            —
     Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                        —        (12,373)
     Decrease in restricted cash                                                           —             871
     Decrease/(increase) in rental deposit                                                 90           (745)

     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                     (289,268)     (67,723)


     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                       134,756        28,077
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                  514,963       486,886
     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                    (4,255)           —

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                        375,952       514,963


     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Unrestricted cash and bank balances                                             375,952       514,963
     Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months                       —             —

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
       financial position and the consolidated statement of cash flows       23      375,952       514,963




76   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                     31 December 2025


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 18 March 2021 as an exempted company with limited
     liability under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of the office of the
     Company is 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands.

     During the year, the Group was principally engaged in providing product marketing and operation services for online
     games in the People’s Republic of China (hereafter, the “PRC”).

     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as of 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                             Date and place of
                                             incorporation/           Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                             registration and         registered share    equity attributable
     Name                                    business                           capital    to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                            Direct     Indirect

     Jiangxi Tanwan Information Technology   21 May 2015               RMB10,000,000            —          100    Game marketing and
       Co., Ltd.                               PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
       (“江西貪玩信息技術有限公司”)
       (“Jiangxi Tanwan”)

     Hong Kong Tanwan Information            24 May 2016                 HKD1,000,000         100           —     Game marketing and
      Technology Co., Limited.                 Hong Kong                                                            operation
      (“香港貪玩信息技術有限公司”)
      (“HK Tanwan”)

     Poyang Weiru Information Technology     13 March 2017              RMB1,000,000            —           70    Game marketing and
       Co., Ltd.                               PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
       (“鄱陽縣偉如信息技術有限公司”)
       (“Poyang Weiru”)

     Guangzhou Tanwan Information Technology 28 July 2017               RMB1,000,000            —           99    Game marketing and
      Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
      (“廣州貪玩信息技術有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Tanwan”)

     Shangrao Yunchi Network Technology      1 December 2017            RMB5,050,505            —          100    Game marketing and
       Co., Ltd.                               PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
       (“上饒雲馳網絡科技有限公司”)
       (“Shangrao Yunchi”)

     Guangzhou Bajiuyou Network Technology   5 December 2017           RMB10,000,000            —           51    Game marketing and
      Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
      (“廣州八九遊網絡科技有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Bajiuyou”)

     Guangzhou Chichi Network Technology     19 June 2018               RMB2,000,000            —          100    Sale of products
      Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland
      (“廣州吃吃網絡科技有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Chichi”)




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   77
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
            Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                    Date and place of
                                                    incorporation/             Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                                    registration and           registered share    equity attributable
            Name                                    business                             capital    to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                     Direct     Indirect

            Hainan Zhangwan Network Technology      14 April 2020                RMB2,040,816            —           51    Game marketing and
             Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   operation
             (“海南掌玩網絡科技有限公司”)
             (“Hainan Zhangwan”)

            Guangzhou Feifan Information            9 June 2020                 RMB20,408,163            —           51    Game marketing and
             Technology Co., Ltd.                     PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   operation
             (“廣州菲凡信息科技有限公司”)
             (“Guangzhou Feifan”)

            Guanzhou Zhongxu Digital Information    27 September 2020           RMB10,000,000            —          100    Game marketing and
             Technology Co., Ltd.                     PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   operation
             (“廣州中旭數科信息科技有限公司”)
             (“Guangzhou Zhongxu”)

            Hainan Tanwan Information Technology    4 November 2020              RMB1,000,000            —          100    Game marketing and
             Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   operation
             (“海南貪玩信息技術有限公司”)
             (“Hainan Tanwan”)

            Shangrao Guangfeng Tanwan Network       29 January 2021             RMB10,000,000            —          100    Game marketing and
              Technology Co., Ltd.                    PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   operation
              (“上饒市廣豐區貪玩網絡科技有限公司”)
              (“Shangrao Tanwan”)

            Hong Kong 9 Ring Network Co., Limited   9 February 2021             HKD20,000,000           51           —     Game marketing and
             (“香港九環網絡有限公司”)                           Hong Kong                                                              operation
             (“HK 9 Ring”)

            ZX Interactive Limited                  30 March 2021                         USD1         100           —     Game marketing and
              (“ZX BVI”)                              British Virgin Islands                                                 operation

            ZX Data Limited                         16 April 2021                         HKD1         100           —     Game marketing and
              (“中旭數據有限公司”)                            Hong Kong                                                              operation
              (“ZX HK”)

            Guangzhou Zhongxu Future Technology     26 May 2021                 RMB20,000,000          100           —     Other marketing
             Co., Ltd.                                PRC/Chinese mainland                                                   services
             (“廣州中旭未來科技有限公司”)
             (“ZX WFOE”)




78   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    31 December 2025


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                            Date and place of
                                            incorporation/           Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                            registration and         registered share    equity attributable
     Name                                   business                           capital    to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                           Direct     Indirect

     Guangzhou Hehe Information             6 January 2022             RMB2,000,000            —          100    Sale of products
      Technology Co., Ltd.                    PRC/Chinese mainland
      (“廣州喝喝信息技術有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Hehe”)

     Guangzhou Tanwan Mobile Game           8 March 2022              RMB10,000,000            —           51    Game marketing and
      Network Technology Co., Ltd.            PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
      (“廣州貪玩手遊網絡科技有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Tanwan Mobile Game”)

     Guangzhou Future Industry Service      26 April 2022             RMB70,000,000            —          100    Real estate
      Co., Ltd.                               PRC/Chinese mainland
      (“廣州未來產業服務有限公司”)
      (“Guangzhou Future Industry”)

     Guangzhou Zhongxu Industry Service     26 April 2022             RMB55,000,000            —          100    Real estate
      Co., Ltd.                               PRC/Chinese mainland
      (“廣州中旭產業服務有限公司”)
      (“ZX Industry”)

     Hong Kong Happy Time Interactive       30 May 2022                  HKD100,000          100           —     Game marketing and
      Limited                                 Hong Kong                                                            operation
      (“香港歡樂時光互娛有限公司”)
      (“Hong Kong Happy Time”)

     Lanzhou Xulan Information Technology   5 January 2024             RMB1,000,000            —          100    Game marketing and
       Co., Ltd.                              PRC/Chinese mainland                                                 operation
       (“蘭州旭蘭信息技術有限公司”)
       (“Lanzhou Xulan”)

     Shangrao Chichi E-Commerce Co., Ltd    13 March 2024              RMB2,000,000            —          100    Sale of products
       (“上饒吃吃電子商務有限公司”)                       PRC/Chinese mainland
       (“Shangrao Chichi”)

     All our subsidiaries established in the PRC are limited liability companies.

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, affected the results for the
     year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   79
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            2.1    BASIS OF PREPARATION
                   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which
                   include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and
                   Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the
                   disclosure requirements the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical
                   cost convention, except for wealth management products and equity investments which have been measured
                   at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the
                   nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

                   Basis of consolidation
                   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
                   (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including
                   a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
                   exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
                   those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to
                   direct the relevant activities of the investee).

                   Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
                   less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
                   circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

                   (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

                   (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

                   (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

                   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
                   consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
                   obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

                   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of
                   the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
                   balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                   between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
                   changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of
                   a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

                   If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
                   non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
                   retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
                   recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
                   the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




80   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                     31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
           The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 16                                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Amendments to HKAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                   (the “2020 Amendments”)
           Amendments to HKAS 1                                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                   (the “2022 Amendments”)
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                      Supplier Finance Arrangements

           The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:

           (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
                 arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount
                 of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback
                 transactions with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date
                 of initial application of HKFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or
                 performance of the Group.

           (b)   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
                 what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
                 period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
                 settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
                 only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
                 terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
                 of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the
                 reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are
                 required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                 months after the reporting period.

                 The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
                 concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
                 application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial
                 position or performance of the Group.

           (c)   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and
                 require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments
                 are intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance
                 arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not
                 have supplier finance arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial
                 statements.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   81
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
                   The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been
                   issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and
                   amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

                   HKFRS 18                                                 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
                   HKFRS 19 and its amendments                              Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
                   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                              Financial Instruments1
                   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity1
                   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                              Associate or Joint Venture3
                   Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
                   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                  Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
                     Standards – Volume 11                                    HKFRS 10 and HKAS 71

                   1       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                   2       Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
                   3       No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


                   Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
                   described below.

                   HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been
                   brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation
                   within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all
                   income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing,
                   financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires
                   disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced
                   requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the
                   primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to
                   HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis
                   of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely
                   applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and
                   HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS
                   Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards
                   are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted.
                   Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the
                   impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.




82   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
           HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
           recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible,
           at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
           Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
           consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards or
           IFRS Accounting Standards. (See commentary on page (50)) HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include
           IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the standard. The standard was further amended
           in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce the disclosure requirements
           relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure
           requirements relating to management-defined performance measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for
           entities that use these measures. Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not
           eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering
           the application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
           Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an
           accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system
           before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual
           cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar
           contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with
           non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures
           for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
           instruments with contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment
           to opening retained profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not
           required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all
           the amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is
           permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the
           application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements
           for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include
           additional disclosures that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have
           on an entity’s financial performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception
           shall be applied retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without
           the use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new
           hedging relationships designated on or after the date of the initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The
           amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to
           have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10
           and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint
           venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction
           when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not
           constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss
           only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to
           be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was
           removed by the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   83
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
                   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS
                   7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of
                   the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

                   •       HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
                           B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 for the
                           purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the
                           concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance
                           on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs
                           of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
                           are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                   •       HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
                           liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph
                           3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. However, the amendments
                           do not address how a lessee distinguishes between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an
                           extinguishment of a lease liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated
                           certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion.
                           Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
                           Group’s financial statements.

                   •       HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described
                           in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                           investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
                           the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
                           expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                   •       HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
                           paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is
                           permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.

            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                   Investments in associates and joint ventures
                   An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
                   voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power
                   to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over
                   those policies.

                   A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
                   rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
                   arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
                   parties sharing control.

                   The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                   position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.
                   Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.




84   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
           The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and
           joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
           respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or
           joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of
           changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates
           or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures,
           except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising
           from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates
           or joint ventures.

           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
           not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
           cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
           measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount
           of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained
           investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

           Business combinations and goodwill
           Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
           measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
           transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
           interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group
           elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests
           and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the
           proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are
           measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

           The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an
           input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

           When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
           classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
           conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of
           the acquiree.

           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
           acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
           income, as appropriate.

           Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
           date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
           value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
           subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   85
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
                   Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
                   amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests
                   in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration
                   and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment,
                   recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

                   After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested
                   for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
                   may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose
                   of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to
                   each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from
                   the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to
                   those units or groups of units.

                   Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
                   generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group
                   of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss
                   recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

                   Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
                   operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in
                   the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
                   these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
                   cash-generating unit retained.

                   Fair value measurement
                   The Group measures its financial assets at fair value through profit or loss at fair value at the end of each
                   reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
                   orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based
                   on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
                   market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
                   asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value
                   of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
                   asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

                   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
                   economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
                   would use the asset in its highest and best use.

                   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
                   are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
                   unobservable inputs.




86   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Fair value measurement (Continued)
           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
           value measurement as a whole:

           Level 1   —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
           Level 2   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
           Level 3   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is unobservable

           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
           determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based
           on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting
           period.

           Impairment of non-financial assets
           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
           contract assets, deferred tax assets, financial assets and non-current assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is
           estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and
           its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate
           cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the
           recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
           assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories
           consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
           recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
           reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
           asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
           depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
           such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   87
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Related parties
                   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                   (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                           (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                           (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                           (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

                   or

                   (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                           (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                           (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                                   subsidiary of the other entity);

                           (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                           (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                           (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                                   entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;

                           (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                           (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                   management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                           (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                  services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




88   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Property and equipment and depreciation
           Property and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
           and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
           directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

           Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
           maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the
           recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of
           the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property and equipment are required to be replaced at
           intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
           accordingly.

           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property and equipment
           to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

           Buildings                                                                                                    2.99%
           Electronic devices                                                                                             32%
           Furniture and fixtures                                                                                         22%
           Motor vehicles                                                                                                 24%
           Leasehold improvements                                  Shorter of estimated useful lives and remaining lease terms

           Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on
           a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and
           the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

           An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
           disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
           or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net
           sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

           Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment
           losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction during the period of construction.
           Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property and equipment when completed
           and ready for use.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   89
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Investment properties
                   Investment properties are interests in properties held to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

                   Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                   investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if
                   any. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method to write off the cost of the investment properties
                   over the estimated useful lives. Where the carrying amount of an investment property is greater than its estimated
                   recoverable amount, it is written down immediately to its recoverable amount. Any gains or losses on the
                   retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of the retirement or
                   disposal.

                   An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
                   withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising on
                   derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
                   amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the item is derecognised.

                   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
                   acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
                   are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
                   useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may
                   be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
                   are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

                   Copyright
                   Copyright, hereby, refers to the legal right of game software belonging to the Group. The copyright is amortised
                   on a straight-line basis over the life cycle of the specific game, which lasts for at least 2 years.

                   Game operation agreements
                   Game operation agreements are stated at cost less any impairment loss and are amortised on a straight-line
                   basis over the expected economic lives of 1 to 3 years.

                   Computer software
                   Acquired computer software is stated at historical cost less amortisation. Acquired computer software is
                   capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software, and is amortised
                   on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of 2 to 3 years.

                   Domain names
                   Domain names are initially recognised and measured at costs incurred to acquire and bring to use them. The
                   costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over the domain names’ estimated useful lives of not exceeding 10
                   years, which is determined by the shorter of the registered license years and expected usage period.




90   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
           Cryptocurrencies
           Accounting of cryptocurrencies IFRSs do not specifically address accounting for cryptocurrencies. Accordingly,
           for the preparation of the annual report, management needs to apply judgment in determining appropriate
           accounting policies based on the facts and circumstances of the Group’s acquisition and holding of
           cryptocurrencies. Given the Group’s purpose for holding cryptocurrencies, management considered that
           cryptocurrencies purchased and held by the Group should be accounted for as indefinite lived intangible assets
           accounted for under the cost model. In determining fair values used for impairments tests, management needs
           to apply judgment to identify the relevant available markets for trading of cryptocurrencies, and to consider
           accessibility to and activity within those markets in order to identify the principal cryptocurrency markets to
           ascertain the respective fair market values.

           Research and development costs
           All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

           Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
           demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
           its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic
           benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure
           during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when
           incurred.

           Leases
           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
           a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
           for consideration.

           Group as a lessee
           The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
           and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
           assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

           (a)   Right-of-use assets
                 Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
                 asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation
                 and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use
                 assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments
                 made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are
                 depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the
                 assets as follows:

                 Office premises                                                                                     2 to 15 years

                 If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
                 exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   91
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Leases (Continued)
                   Group as a lessee (Continued)
                   (b)     Lease liabilities
                           Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                           payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
                           substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
                           an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments
                           also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
                           payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
                           terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
                           as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                           In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                           lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
                           the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
                           reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
                           there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
                           lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
                           purchase the underlying asset.

                   (c)     Short-term leases
                           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises
                           (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do
                           not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a
                           straight-line basis over the lease term.

                   Group as a lessor
                   When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its
                   leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

                   Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
                   asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group
                   allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
                   Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in profit
                   or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
                   are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as
                   rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

                   Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
                   lessee are accounted for as finance leases.




92   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                               31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Investments and other financial assets
           Initial recognition and measurement
           Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost and fair value
           through profit or loss.

           The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
           characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
           do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient
           of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset
           at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
           Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
           practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the
           policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

           In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
           comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
           and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

           The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
           to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
           cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are
           held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows,
           while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within
           a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
           which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
           profit or loss.

           All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the
           Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
           assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the
           marketplace.

           Subsequent measurement
           The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

           Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
           Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
           subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
           modified or impaired.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   93
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
                   with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                   This category includes equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value
                   through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value
                   through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been
                   established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
                   amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

                   Derecognition of financial assets
                   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
                   primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

                   •       the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

                   •       the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
                           to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                           arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                           or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but
                           has transferred control of the asset.

                   When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
                   arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
                   When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
                   control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
                   continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset
                   and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
                   retained.

                   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
                   of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
                   required to repay.




94   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
           fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
           in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
           approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
           of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

           General approach
           ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
           credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
           possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
           significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
           over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

           At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
           instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
           available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

           The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in
           certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
           indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into
           account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable
           expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

           Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
           within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which
           apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

           Stage 1      —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                               recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                               ECLs
           Stage 2      —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                               but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured
                               at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
           Stage 3      —      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                               originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
                               to lifetime ECLs




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   95
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                   Simplified approach
                   For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
                   Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group
                   applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track
                   changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date.
                   The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
                   forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

                   Financial liabilities
                   Initial recognition and measurement
                   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition as loans and borrowings or payables as appropriate. All
                   financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net
                   of directly attributable transaction costs.

                   The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payable, and other payables and accruals, lease liabilities,
                   and interest-bearing bank and other borrowings.

                   Subsequent measurement
                   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
                   After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured
                   at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial,
                   in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are
                   derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

                   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
                   that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance
                   costs in profit or loss.

                   Derecognition of financial liabilities
                   A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

                   When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
                   or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
                   derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective
                   carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.




96   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Offsetting of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
           position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
           settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

           Cash and cash equivalents
           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
           and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts
           of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three
           months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the
           Group’s cash management.

           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
           hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to
           use.

           Provisions
           A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event
           and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a
           reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end
           of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase
           in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or
           loss.

           Treasury shares
           Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
           recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
           cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

           Income tax
           Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
           recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

           Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
           taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
           end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
           which the Group operates.

           Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the year between
           the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   97
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
     31 December 2025


     2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                   Income tax (Continued)
                   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

                   •       when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                           transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                           accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                           temporary differences; and

                   •       in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                           ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
                           that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
                   tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
                   that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
                   unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

                   •       when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                           recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
                           transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and does not give rise to equal
                           taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

                   •       in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                           joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                           differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                           temporary differences can be utilised.

                   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each of the reporting periods and reduced
                   to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
                   deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
                   period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
                   to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
                   the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                   substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
                   set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
                   income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
                   which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
                   liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
                   expected to be settled or recovered.




98   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                             31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Government grants
           Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
           be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
           it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
           compensate, are expensed.

           Revenue recognition
           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when or as the control of the goods or services is
           transferred to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
           in exchange for those goods or services.

           When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
           which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
           consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant
           revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
           with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

           Game marketing and operation
           Most of the online games that the Group markets or operates are under a free-to-play basis whereby the players
           can play the games free of charge and are charged for the purchase of virtual items in the game. Such payments
           are generally non-refundable and non-cancellable. The game products are either i) authorised by third-party
           game developers or publishers (“Authorized Games”) or ii) self-owned (“Self-owned Game”).

           i)   Authorised Games
                When the Group markets and operates an online game product pursuant to a business arrangement under
                which a third-party game developer authorises the Group to conduct precision marketing, publishing and
                payment channel operation and/or brand development services, the Group considers the game developer
                as the customer and regards itself as the agent of the game developer in dealing with the end-users
                of the game product because (i) the game developer is responsible for providing game products, and
                embracing the right to authorise the Group to provide services; (ii) the game developer is responsible for
                the development, upgrade, update and maintenance of the game; (iii) the game developer independently
                sets the prices of virtual items in the game, and is responsible for the generation, transfer, operation and
                destruction of virtual items; and (iv) the game developer is responsible for hosting and maintaining the game
                server.

                Pursuant to the service agreement between the Group and the third-party game developer, the Group
                charges the game developer a service fee based on a certain percentage of the gross amounts that the end
                players pay for the purchase of the virtual items in the game. The Group recognises the service revenue on
                a net basis which equals to the gross amounts collected from the end players less the amounts shared by
                the game developer when the end-users pay for the purchase of the in-game virtual items and when such
                amounts are determinable.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   99
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                    Game marketing and operation (Continued)
                    i)      Authorised Games (Continued)
                            In certain agreements where the Group provides marketing and operation support services to third
                            party publishers who have obtained the game authorisation from game developers, the publishers are
                            responsible for precision marketing, publishing and payment channel operation and/or brand incubation
                            services and the Group only charges the publishers a service fee based on a certain percentage of the
                            gross amounts that the end players pay for the purchase of the virtual items in the games. The Group
                            considers the publishers as the customers and regards itself as the agent of the publishers in providing
                            marketing and operation services to the game developers. The Group recognises revenue on a net basis
                            which equals to the amount charged to the publishers.

                            In certain agreements with the third-party game developer, the Group is entitled to additional bonus based
                            on the actual marketing performance. Revenue from such additional bonus is recognised when the amount
                            is determined and confirmed by the customers.

                    ii)     Self-owned Game
                            Starting from January 2022, the Group markets and operates self-owned game product. Under such
                            circumstance, as the Group is solely responsible for the game product development, maintenance, price
                            setting and game server, the Group considers itself the principal of the game product and the end players
                            as the customers. The Group has determined that it is obligated to provide on-going services to the end-
                            users who make payments to gain an enhanced game playing experience over the playing period, and
                            accordingly the Group recognised the revenue ratable over the estimated average paying period of these
                            paying end-users (“Player Relation Period”), starting from the point in time when the purchase of in-game
                            virtual items is made, and all the other revenue recognition criteria are met. The Group estimates the Player
                            Relation Period of a game based on historical data statistics of the paying players and re-assesses such
                            period semi-annually.

                            The Group may market or operate the online game products (including both Authorised Games and Self-
                            owned game) through the self-run model and joint-run model.

                            Under the self-run model, the Group conducts marketing, publishing and payment channel operation and/or
                            brand incubation services on its own. The Group is responsible for identifying, contracting with the payment
                            channels (primarily Wechat pay, Alipay and Apple pay) and the media platforms. Commissions paid to
                            the payment channels are included in cost of sales and the marketing costs paid to the media platforms
                            are included in selling expenses except for the marketing fees calculated based on pay-to-sale which are
                            included in cost of sales.

                            Under the joint-run model, the Group involves collaborated distribution platforms to serve as both an end-
                            user acquisition channel and a strategic partner with the Group to joint-run the authorised game products,
                            a portion of the gross amounts paid by the end-users is withheld directly by the collaborating distribution
                            platforms (primarily mobile application stores) pursuant to the business arrangement with such collaborating
                            distribution platforms. The Group records the amount withheld by the collaborating distribution platforms
                            under the joint-run model as part of cost of sales.




100   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                               31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Other marketing services
           Other marketing services are provided primarily for the developer of non-gaming applications (mainly literature
           products). Therefore, the Group considers the third-party literature content providers as its customer and itself
           as an agent in its arrangement with both the third-party content creators and the online literature readers. The
           Group recognises the service revenue on a net basis which equals to the gross amounts collected from the
           online literature readers less the amounts shared by the literature content providers when the readers subscribe
           pay-to-read services and when such amounts are determinable.

           Sales of products
           The Group sells consumer products, which mainly contain rice noodle products and other fast consumer foods
           under the self-own brand “Zha Zha Hui”, to the end customers over third-party online retail platforms such as
           Douyin (“抖音”) and to the distributors.

           Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to
           the customer, generally on the receipt and acceptance of products.

           Other income
           Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
           exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
           period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

           Dividend income
           Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
           probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
           dividend can be measured reliably.

           Contract liabilities
           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
           customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue
           when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the
           customer).

           Contract costs
           Costs incurred to obtain a contract that are not incremental costs are required to be expensed as incurred,
           unless they are explicitly chargeable to the customer (regardless of whether the contract is obtained). Any
           capitalised contract costs are amortised, with the expense recognised on a systematic basis that is consistent
           with the entity’s transfer control of the related goods or services to the customer.

           Share-based payments
           The Group operates a share award scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
           participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the
           Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as
           consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).

           The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants is measured by reference to the fair value at
           the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a discounted cash
           flow method and a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 30 to the consolidated financial
           statements.



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   101
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      2.     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
             2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
                    Share-based payments (Continued)
                    The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
                    increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The
                    cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the
                    vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the
                    number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents
                    the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.

                    Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
                    value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate
                    of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected
                    within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service
                    requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value
                    of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance
                    conditions.

                    For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been
                    met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are
                    treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other
                    performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

                    Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms
                    had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any
                    modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the
                    employee as measured at the date of modification.

                    Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and
                    any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where non-
                    vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award
                    is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted,
                    the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the
                    previous paragraph.

                    The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
                    per share.

                    Other employee benefits
                    Pension scheme
                    The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese mainland are required to participate in a
                    central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. This subsidiary is required to contribute a
                    certain percentage of its payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or
                    loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.




102   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                               31 December 2025


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Other employee benefits (Continued)
           Pension scheme (Continued)
           The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
           Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its employees. Contributions are made
           based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as
           they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
           separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions
           vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

           Termination benefits
           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
           benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

           Housing fund — Chinese mainland
           The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by the local
           municipal government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.

           Borrowing costs
           All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest
           and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

           Dividends
           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

           Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
           of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
           recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

           Foreign currencies
           These financial statements are presented in RMB which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
           Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
           measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
           are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
           Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates
           of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
           items are recognised in profit or loss.

           Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
           exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions.

           In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
           derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
           of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
           liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
           determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   103
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
             The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
             assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
             disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could
             result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected
             in the future.

             Judgements
             In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
             from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
             statements:

             Principal versus agent considerations
             The Group determines whether it is a principal or an agent in providing marketing and operating services by evaluating
             the nature of its promise to the customer. The Group is a principal and therefore records revenue on a gross basis if
             it controls promised services before transferring the services to the customer. Otherwise, the Group is an agent and
             records as revenue the net amount that it retains profits agency services if its role is to arrange to provide the services.
             To assess whether the Group controls the services before they are transferred to the customer, the Group has
             considered various factors, including but not limited to whether the Group (i) is the primary obligor in the arrangement,
             (ii) has general inventory risk, (iii) has discretion in establishing the selling price.

             Contingent liabilities on pending litigations
             The Group has several pending litigations with regards to game products operated by the Group in the PRC. The
             Group recognised a provision for the estimated amounts to settle the obligations based on all the available information
             and the advices from legal counsels. If the final outcomes of these pending litigations are different with management’s
             estimation, there will be adjustments to the amounts provided.

             Withholding tax arising from the distribution of dividends
             The Group’s determination, as to whether to accrue deferred tax liabilities in respect of withholding taxes arising from
             the distributions of dividends by certain subsidiaries according to the relevant tax rules enacted in the jurisdictions,
             is subject to judgement on the plan of the distribution of dividends. Withholding tax is provided for the profits of the
             subsidiaries which the Group considers it probable to be distributed in the foreseeable future. Further details are
             included in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

             Contractual Arrangements
             Jiangxi Tanwan and its subsidiaries (collectively the “PRC Operating Entities”) are mainly engaged in the provision
             of product marketing and operation services to online games in the PRC, which falls in the scope of “Catalogue of
             Restricted Foreign Investment Industries” that foreign investors are prohibited to invest.

             As disclosed in note 2.1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group exercises control over the PRC Operating
             Entities and enjoys substantially all economic benefits of the PRC Operating Entities through the Contractual
             Arrangements.

             The Group considers that it controls the PRC Operating Entities, notwithstanding the fact that it does not hold direct
             equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities, as it has power over the PRC Operating Entities, has rights to variable
             returns from its involvement with the PRC Operating Entities and has the ability to affect those returns through its
             power over the PRC Operating Entities through the Contractual Arrangements. Accordingly, the PRC Operating
             Entities have been accounted for as subsidiaries during the year. The Group has consolidated the financial position
             and results of the PRC Operating Entities in the consolidated financial statements.


104   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                              31 December 2025


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Judgements (Continued)
     Property lease classification — Group as lessor
     The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Group has
     determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term not
     constituting a major part of the economic life of the commercial property and the present value of the minimum lease
     payments not amounting to substantially all the fair value of the commercial property, that it retains substantially all
     the significant risks and rewards incidental to ownership of these properties which are leased out and accounts for the
     contracts as operating leases.

     Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties
     The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed criteria in making
     that judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore,
     the Group considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by
     the Group. Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another
     portion that is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these
     portions could be sold separately or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions
     separately. If the portions could not be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant
     portion is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Judgement is
     made on an individual property basis to determine whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not
     qualify as an investment property.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     within the next financial year, are described below.

     Estimate of the Player Relation Period for revenue from self-owned game operation
     As described in note 2.4 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue from self-owned game is recognised
     over the Player Relation Period. The Group estimates the Player Relation Period of a game based on historical data
     statistics of the paying players and re-assesses such period semi-annually. While the Group believes its estimates to
     be reasonable, it may revise such estimate in the future as there are any important changes in game player behaviour
     patterns, games’ operation periods and other aspects.

     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the
     value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the
     Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a
     suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at
     31 December 2025 was nil (2024: nil). Further details are given in note 16.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   105
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
             Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             Provision for expected credit losses on trade and other receivables
             The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade and other receivables. The provision rates are based on
             days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and
             rating).

             The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
             the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast
             economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an
             increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting
             date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

             The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs
             is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic
             conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
             representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade
             receivables and other receivables are disclosed in note 20 and note 21 to the Consolidated financial statement.

             Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
             The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing
             rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow
             over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-
             of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which
             requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing
             transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when
             leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as
             market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s
             stand-alone credit rating).

             Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
             The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-
             of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually
             and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are
             indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
             or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
             and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding
             sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs
             for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations is undertaken, management must estimate the expected
             future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
             present value of those cash flows.




106   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
     The Group determined whether there are indicators of impairment for investments in joint ventures and associates at
     the end of each reporting period. Indicators of impairment included, but not limited to serious deterioration of financial
     condition of the joint ventures and associates, significant drop in share prices, adverse changes in the industry
     market environment and other circumstances indicated that joint ventures and associates are unable to generate
     economic benefits for the Group. When such an indicator exists, the Group tested its investments in joint ventures and
     associates for impairment by comparing the estimated recoverable amounts with the carrying amounts. An impairment
     exists when the carrying value of investments in joint ventures and associates exceeds its recoverable amount.

     Fair value of share-based payments
     The equity-settled share-based payments were estimated based on fair value of the awards as at the date of grant
     using valuation model depending on the terms and conditions of the grant. This requires the Group to determine the
     most appropriate inputs to the valuation model and make assumptions about them. Further details are included in note
     30 to the consolidated financial statement.

     Fair value of equity investments
     Fair value of financial assets, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using appropriate valuation
     techniques including the recent transaction approach. Management of the Group determines their fair value at the end
     of each reporting period by taking reference to those recent transaction prices. Further details are included in note 37.

     Useful lives of intangible assets
     Amortisation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of intangible assets to its residual
     value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives and dates that the Group places the items of assets into
     productive use reflect the directors’ estimate of the periods that the Group intends to derive future economic benefits
     from the use of the Group’s intangible assets.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   107
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
             HKFRS 8 Operating Segments requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reporting about
             components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker in order to allocate
             resources to segments and to assess their performance. The information reported to the directors of the Company,
             who are the chief operating decision-makers, for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of performance,
             does not contain discrete operating segment financial information and the directors reviewed the financial results of
             the Group as a whole. Therefore, no further information about the operating segment is presented.

             Geographical information
             (a)    Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Chinese Mainland                                                              3,325,124           4,956,685
                    Hong Kong                                                                       831,826             615,487
                    Others                                                                            1,249               7,940


                    Total revenue                                                                 4,158,199           5,580,112


             (b)    Non-current assets
                    As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, substantially all of the non-current assets of the Group were located in
                    Chinese mainland.

             Information about major customers
             Revenue from customers which amounted to more than 10% of the Group’s revenue during the years ended 31
             December 2025 and 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

             Customer A                                                                           1,530,480           1,241,242
             Customer B                                                                             675,932           1,517,737




108   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                             31 December 2025


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (a)   Disaggregated revenue information


                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

           Types of goods or services

           Game marketing and operation — Self-run model                     2,766,697             4,118,801
           Game marketing and operation — Joint-run model                    1,284,820             1,329,845
           Other marketing services                                                427                29,265
           Sales of products                                                   106,255               102,201


           Total                                                             4,158,199             5,580,112


           Timing of revenue recognition

           Services transferred over time                                      459,310               423,896
           Services transferred at a point in time                           3,592,634             5,054,015
           Goods transferred at a point in time                                106,255               102,201


           Total                                                             4,158,199             5,580,112


           Geographical markets

           Chinese Mainland                                                  3,325,124             4,956,685
           Hong Kong                                                           831,826               615,487
           Others                                                                1,249                 7,940


           Total                                                             4,158,199             5,580,112




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   109
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
             Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
             (b)    Performance obligations
                    Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

                    Authorised game marketing and operation
                    The performance obligation is satisfied upon the payment for the purchase of in-game virtual items by game
                    players as the Group has no further obligation to game developers or publishers in order to earn the service fees
                    upon the completion of the corresponding payment. Under the self-run model, the payment is due immediately
                    when the game players make the payment for in-game purchases. Under joint-run model, the payment is due
                    when the statement is received and confirmed with the collaborating distribution platforms. The Group settles the
                    payment with game developers or publishers within 180 days from the date of billing.

                    Self-owned game marketing and operation
                    The performance obligation is satisfied over the estimated Player Relation Period. Under the self-run model, the
                    payment is due immediately when the game players make the payment for in-game purchases. Under the joint-
                    run model, the payment is due when the statement is received and confirmed with the collaborating distribution
                    platforms.

                    Other marketing services
                    The performance obligation is satisfied upon the subscription of pay-to-read services by online literature readers.
                    The payment is due immediately when the readers make the subscription. The Group settles the payment with
                    the literature content providers on a monthly basis.

                    Sales of products
                    The performance obligation is satisfied at the point in time when the products are delivered and accepted by
                    customers. The payment is due immediately for direct sales to the end customers on online retail platforms. The
                    payment from the distributors is generally due within 15 days from delivery.

                    The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
                    unsatisfied) as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
                    Within one year                                                                      44,501               48,973

                    The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations which are expected to
                    be recognised as revenue within one year relate to self-owned game marketing and operation. The amounts
                    disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.




110   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    31 December 2025


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
     An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                                                                Note               RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Other income
     Bank interest income                                                                             68,628                115,841
     VAT additional deduction and refunds                                                              6,296                  1,584
     Investment property rental income                                           14                    2,386                  2,106
     Government grants — related to income*                                                            1,000                  6,947
     Investment income from financial assets
       at fair value through profit or loss                                                               —                     5,165
     Others                                                                                              936                      574


                                                                                                      79,246                132,217

     Gains
     Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                                             1,803,077                       —
     Foreign exchange gains                                                                              —                     2,358
     Gain on lease modification                                                  15                      —                    28,351


                                                                                                  1,803,077                   30,709


                                                                                                  1,882,323                 162,926


     *    Various government grants have been received from local government authorities in Chinese mainland. There are no unfulfilled
          conditions and other contingencies relating to these grants.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   111
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      6.     PROFIT BEFORE TAX
             The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                         Notes               RMB’000                RMB’000

             Costs of services charged by the collaborating distribution
               platforms under the joint-run model                                                            964,026              1,039,657
             Cost of products sold                                                                             72,591                 68,819
             Promotion expenses                                                                             1,721,020              3,335,096
             Employee benefit expense:
               (including directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration)
               Wages and salaries                                                                             271,468                236,880
               Equity-settled-based payment expenses                                                           18,634                116,886
               Pension scheme contributions* (defined contribution scheme)                                     11,525                 12,779


                                                                                                              301,627                366,545


             Auditor’s remuneration                                                                              6,500                 6,500
             Depreciation of property and equipment                                        13                   19,066                15,556
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           15                   39,836                43,047
             Depreciation of investment properties                                         14                    2,911                 2,331
             Amortisation of other intangible assets**                                     17                    3,978                 5,154
             Lease payments not included in the measurement
               of lease liabilities                                                        15                     176                      —
             Loss/(gain) on lease modification                                             15                   1,238                (28,351)
             Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                  7,730                  (2,358)
             Impairment of an investment in an associate***                                19                      —                      972
             Impairment of trade receivables, net                                          20                     860                    (827)
             Impairment of financial assets included in other receivables                  21                 119,643                136,105
             Impairment of property and equipment***                                       13                      —                  32,798
             Impairment of investment property***                                          14                  13,240                   5,155
             Impairment of goodwill***                                                     16                      —                  27,917
             Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets
               at fair value through profit or loss                                                        (1,803,077)                13,263
             (Gain)/loss on disposal of financial assets
               at fair value through profit or loss                                                             14,158                (5,165)
             Loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries                                                             1,295                    —
             Loss on disposal of items of property and equipment, net                                              186                19,615

             *      There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
                    contributions.

             **     The amortisation of other intangible assets is included in costs of sales and administrative expenses in the consolidated
                    statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

             ***    The impairment of investment in an associate, property and equipment, investment property and goodwill are included in other
                    expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




112   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                           31 December 2025


7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

     Finance costs on bills payable*                                                                       10,558                    34,287
     Interest on bank borrowings                                                                            1,355                     1,636
     Interest on lease liabilities (note 15)                                                                2,202                     6,545


                                                                                                           14,115                    42,468


     *       It represented the finance costs charged by banks to extend the maturity date of bills payable.


8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a),
     (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
     Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

     Fees                                                                                                      2,254                   2,254


     Other emoluments:
     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                 1,890                  2,909
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                                     6,977                     —
     Equity-settled share option expense                                                                       5,043                 28,795
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                                 23                     49


     Subtotal                                                                                              13,933                    31,753


     Total                                                                                                 16,187                    34,007


     During 2023, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share
     option scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 30 to the financial statements. The fair
     value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at
     the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above
     directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures. In 2025, no shares options were granted to the directors.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   113
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      8.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
             (a)    Independent non-executive directors
                    The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

                    Ms. SONG Siyun (宋司筠)                                                                           136                   136
                    Mr. QIN Yongde (覃永德)                                                                           136                   136
                    Ms. ZHENG Yi (鄭怡)                                                                              182                   182


                    Total                                                                                          454                   454


                    Ms. SONG Siyun (宋司筠), Mr. QIN Yongde (覃永德), and Ms. ZHENG Yi (鄭怡) were appointed as independent
                    non-executive directors of the Company on 30 March 2023. There were emoluments payable of RMB454,000 to
                    the independent non-executive directors during the year (2024: RMB454,000).

             (b)    Executive director and the chief executive

                                                                          Salaries,
                                                                       allowances                Equity-settled    Pension
                                                                      and benefits Discretionary share option      scheme          Total
                                                              Fees          in kind     bonuses       expense contributions remuneration
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                    2025

                    Executive directors:
                    Ms. Wu Xuan (吳璇)                            800            541          2,977             —              8          4,326

                    Chief executive:
                    Ms. Liang Wenhong2 (梁文紅)                     —             782             —              —             —             782
                    Mr. Wu Xubo1 (吳旭波)                        1,000            567          4,000          5,043            15         10,625

                                                              1,800          1,890          6,977          5,043            23         15,733


                    2024

                    Executive director:
                    Ms. Wu Xuan (吳璇)                            800            802             —              —             14          1,616
                    Mr. Wu Xubo1 (吳旭波)                        1,000          1,437             —          28,795            30         31,262

                    Chief executive:
                    Ms. Liang Wenhong2 (梁文紅)                     —             670             —              —              5            675

                                                              1,800          2,909             —          28,795            49         33,553


                    1       Mr. Wu Xubo was appointed as a chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 1 July 2025. Mr. Wu Xubo
                            resigned as a chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 30 August 2024, while remains as an executive
                            director.

                    2       Ms. Liang Wenhong resigned as a chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 1 July 2025. Ms. Liang
                            Wenhong was appointed as a chief executive officer of the Company with effect from 30 August 2024.




114   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                            31 December 2025


8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
     (b)   Executive director and the chief executive (Continued)
           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
           remuneration during the year.

           During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining
           the Group or as compensation for loss of office.


9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
     The five highest paid employees during the year included two director (2024: one director), details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2024: four)
     highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 1,450                   1,231
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                     3,094                     229
     Equity-settled share option expense                                                         902                  18,974
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                 15                      49


                                                                                               5,461                  20,483


     The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
     following bands is as follows:

                                                                                          Number of employees
                                                                                             2025             2024

     HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                                                 1                         1
     HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                                 1                         —
     HKD4,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                                 1                         —
     HKD5,500,001 to HKD6,000,000                                                                 —                         1
     HKD6,000,001 to HKD6,500,000                                                                 —                         2


                                                                                                   3                         4


     During the year and in prior years, share options were granted to four non-director and non-chief executive highest
     paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in
     note 30 to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or loss over
     the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for
     the current year is included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration
     disclosures.

     During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   115
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      10. INCOME TAX
             The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
             members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

             Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Company and its
             subsidiaries are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

             Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
             arising in Hong Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax
             prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

             Taxes on profits assessable in Chinese mainland have been calculated at the prevailing tax rates, based on existing
             legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law (the “PRC
             Tax Law”) effective on 1 January 2008, the PRC corporate income tax rate of the Group’s subsidiaries operating in
             Chinese mainland during the reporting period was 25% of their taxable profits.

             Jiangxi Tanwan was accredited as a high and new technology enterprise (“HNTE”) in October, 2024, and the
             certificate is valid for three years. It enjoy the preferential tax rate of 15% in 2025.

             ZX WFOE was accredited as a “software enterprise” in 2021 under relevant PRC laws and regulations. Accordingly, ZX
             WFOE is exempt from Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) for 2021 and 2022, followed by a 50% reduction in the applicable
             tax rates from 2023 to 2025.

             The Group falls within the scope of the Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Model Rules (the “Pillar Two Model
             Rules”). The Group is temporarily exempt from recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets or
             liabilities arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two Model Rules and will accounted for the Pillar Two income
             tax as current tax when incurred. In 2025, certain jurisdictions where the Group operates have enacted Pillar Two
             legislation, i.e. Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and Qatar. Based on currently available information, the Group has
             assessed the potential Pillar Two income tax exposure related to the financial performance for the current year, the
             results of which may not fully reflect the actual situation in the future. According to the assessment, the Group has
             identified potential Pillar Two income tax exposure and made a provision of RMB4,824,000 for the Pillar Two top-
             up tax in the jurisdiction where, due to certain tax incentives, the Pillar Two effective tax rate is below 15%. Given
             that more countries are expected to enact Pillar Two legislation, the Group will continue to monitor the legislative
             developments in the jurisdictions where it operates to assess their potential impact on the financial statements in the
             future.

             The following table sets forth a breakdown of the income tax expense for the year indicated:

                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

             Current — Chinese Mainland                                                               16,957               62,607
             Pillar Two income tax — current tax                                                       4,824                   —
             Deferred (note 28)                                                                      386,921               (8,211)


             Total                                                                                   408,702               54,396




116   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                             31 December 2025


10. INCOME TAX (Continued)
    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate of Chinese mainland (i.e., 25%)
    where the main operating entities are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the
    applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as follows:

                                                                  2025                                2024
                                                            RMB’000                   %         RMB’000                      %

    Profit before tax                                       1,968,937                             98,415


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                             492,234                25           24,604                     25
    Lower tax rate(s) for specific provinces or
       enacted by local authority                             (77,238)                (4)            (170)                   —
    Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures
       and associates                                           (8,885)              —*           (18,677)                  (19)
    Super deduction for research and development
       expenses                                               (22,278)                (1)         (19,472)                  (20)
    Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                    6,095                —*            37,313                    38
    Deductible temporary differences and tax losses
       not recognised                                          20,444                  1          31,106                     32
    Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses         (19,671)                (1)           (320)                    —
    Pillar Two income tax                                       4,824                —*               —                      —
    Income not subject to tax                                 (17,975)                (1)             —                      —
    Adjustments of deferred tax due to changes in
       tax rates                                               31,152                  2               12                    —


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                  408,702                21           54,396                     55


    * Less than 1%


11. DIVIDENDS
    The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend to the ordinary equity holders of the Company for the
    year ended 31 December 2025 (2024 Nil).




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   117
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      12. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
          PARENT
             The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
             holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 533,155,134 (2024: 521,434,940)
             outstanding during the year, as adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the year.

             The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
             equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number
             of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted
             average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or
             conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

             The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                           2025                 2024

             Earnings
             Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
               used in the basic earnings per share calculation (RMB’000)                            1,486,509                (3,624)

             Shares
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
               during the year used in the basic earnings per share calculation                    524,745,782          521,434,940
             Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares                         8,409,352                   —


             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
              of calculating diluted earnings per share                                            533,155,134          521,434,940




118   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025


13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                          Electronic      Furniture       Motor     Leasehold                    Construction
                                                             devices    and fixtures    vehicles improvements     Buildings*     in progress**        Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000

   31 December 2025

   At 1 January 2025:
   Cost                                                       26,391           4,246      31,783       37,809         63,808              456        164,493
   Accumulated depreciation and impairment                   (20,953)         (2,521)    (14,490)      (4,811)       (41,702)              —         (84,477)


   Net carrying amount                                        5,438           1,725       17,293       32,998        22,106               456         80,016


   At 1 January 2025, net of accumulated depreciation
      and impairment                                           5,438          1,725       17,293       32,998         22,106              456         80,016
   Additions                                                     596            182        3,118          607             —           203,065        207,568
   Disposals                                                    (238)            —            —            —              —                —            (238)
   Depreciation provided during the year (note 6)             (2,146)          (533)      (6,438)      (9,949)            —                —         (19,066)
   Transfers to investment properties                             —              —            —            —         (22,106)              —         (22,106)


   At 31 December 2025, net of accumulated depreciation
      and impairment                                          3,650           1,374       13,973       23,656             —           203,521        246,174


   At 31 December 2025:
   Cost                                                       23,100           4,428      34,902        38,416        39,367          203,521        343,734
   Accumulated depreciation and impairment                   (19,450)         (3,054)    (20,929)      (14,760)      (39,367)              —         (97,560)


   Net carrying amount                                        3,650           1,374       13,973       23,656             —           203,521        246,174




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   119
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                       Electronic     Furniture       Motor       Leasehold                  Construction
                                                         devices    and fixtures    vehicles   improvements    Buildings*    in progress**      Total
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000

             31 December 2024

             At 1 January 2024:
             Cost                                         24,326          3,065      23,922          31,791      63,808             1,565    148,477
             Accumulated depreciation and impairment     (19,696)        (2,054)     (8,464)        (11,881)     (7,815)               —     (49,910)


             Net carrying amount                           4,630          1,011      15,458          19,910      55,993             1,565      98,567


             At 1 January 2024, net of accumulated
               depreciation and impairment                 4,630          1,011      15,458          19,910      55,993            1,565       98,567
             Additions                                     3,798          1,208       7,861           1,200          —            35,612       49,679
             Disposals                                      (283)            (3)         —          (17,048)         —            (2,542)     (19,876)
             Depreciation provided during the year
               (note 6)                                   (2,707)          (491)     (6,026)         (5,243)       (1,089)             —      (15,556)
             Transfers to leasehold improvements              —              —           —           34,179            —          (34,179)         —
             Impairment (note 6)                              —              —           —               —       (32,798)              —      (32,798)


             At 31 December 2024, net of accumulated
               depreciation and impairment                 5,438          1,725      17,293          32,998      22,106               456      80,016


             At 31 December 2024:
             Cost                                         26,391          4,246      31,783          37,809       63,808              456    164,493
             Accumulated depreciation and impairment     (20,953)        (2,521)    (14,490)         (4,811)     (41,702)              —     (84,477)


             Net carrying amount                           5,438          1,725      17,293          32,998      22,106               456      80,016


             *      As at 31 December 2025, due to continued deterioration in the real estate development market in Guangzhou, the entity
                    conducted an impairment review of its fixed asset building within the region. Given the prolonged negative operating
                    performance, absence of reliable forecasted cash flows, and limited potential for recovery, management, applying the principle
                    of prudence, concluded that the recoverable amount of the asset was zero. Consequently, the carrying amounts of buildings
                    were written down by RMB39,367,000. The impairment loss recognized was included in “Property, plant and equipment” in the
                    consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                    As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s buildings with a net carrying amount of Nil (2024: RMB22,106,000) were pledged for
                    bills payable of the Group (note 25).

             **     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s construction in progress had a net carrying value of RMB203,521,000 (2024:
                    RMB456,000), primarily comprising GPU servers.




120   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                         31 December 2025


14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                            74,055                  81,541
   Transfers from construction in progress (note 13)                                       22,106                      —
   Impairment (note 6)                                                                    (13,240)                 (5,155)
   Depreciation provided during the year                                                   (2,911)                 (2,331)


   Carrying amount at 31 December                                                          80,010                  74,055


   The Group’s investment properties are measured using a cost model and depreciated to write off their costs net of
   estimated residual values over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis.

   The commercial buildings with a net carrying value of RMB27,830,000 (2024: RMB39,580,000) are located in
   Guangzhou, the PRC, with a land use right period from 2023 to 2053. The office buildings with a net carrying value of
   RMB52,180,000 (2024: RMB34,475,000) are located in Guangzhou, the PRC, with a land use right period from 2023
   to 2063.

   These fair values of the Group’s investment properties were approximately RMB27,830,000 for the commercial
   buildings as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB39,580,000) and RMB52,180,000 for the office buildings as at 31
   December 2025 (2024: RMB34,475,000). Due to the downturn of the property development market in Guangzhou,
   the PRC, an impairment loss of RMB13,239,000 (2024: RMB5,155,000) was included in “Other expenses” in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss. These fair values are determined based on the valuation conducted by APA
   Valuation Advisory Ltd, an independent valuer. Under the valuation models, a market-based approach has been
   adopted.

   The market approach is based on the average market selling price of comparable properties in the same business type
   and currently being sold, with appropriate amendments.

   The fair value measurement is based on the above properties’ highest and best use, which does not differ from their
   actual use.

   The investment properties are leased to third parties under operating leases, further summary details of which are
   included in note 15 to the financial statements.

   The fair value of the investment properties is categorised into Level 3 valuations, i.e., fair value measured using
   significant unobservable inputs, as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s investment properties with a net carrying amount of RMB52,180,000 (2024:
   RMB34,475,000) were pledged for bills payable of the Group (note 25).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   121
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      15. LEASES
             The Group as a lessee
             The Group has lease contracts for various items of office premises used in its operations. Leases of office premises
             generally have lease terms between 2 and 15 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
             the leased assets outside the Group.

             The Group also leased certain office premises under short-term (i.e., the lease term ends within 12 months of the date
             of initial application) lease arrangements. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets on these short-
             term lease contracts.

             Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group. There is no
             lease contract that includes extension and termination options and variable lease payments.

             (a)    Right-of-use assets
                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                Office premises
                                                                                                                       RMB’000

                    As at 1 January 2024                                                                                 347,846
                    Additions                                                                                             16,170
                    Depreciation charge                                                                                  (43,047)
                    Remeasurement due to lease modification                                                              (99,764)


                    As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                            221,205
                    Additions                                                                                             38,287
                    Depreciation charge                                                                                  (39,836)
                    Remeasurement due to lease modification                                                               (9,538)


                    As at 31 December 2025                                                                               210,118




122   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025


15. LEASES (Continued)
    The Group as a lessee (Continued)
    (b)   Lease liabilities
          The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000

          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                            44,202                  192,794
          New leases                                                                              38,287                    16,170
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                         2,202                     6,545
          Payments                                                                                (8,000)                  (39,665)
          Remeasurement due to lease modification                                                 (8,517)                (131,642)


          Carrying amount at 31 December                                                          68,174                   44,202


          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                       15,378                    4,736
            Non-current portion                                                                   52,796                   39,466

          The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38 to the financial statements.

    (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                                            2,202                    6,545
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                              39,836                   43,047
          Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales)                          176                       —
          Loss/(gain) on lease modification                                                        1,238                  (28,351)


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                               43,452                   21,241


    (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 32(c) to the financial statements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   123
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      15. LEASES (Continued)
             The Group as a lessor
             The Group leases its investment properties (note 14) consisting of commercial buildings and office buildings in Chinese
             mainland under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security
             deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income
             recognised by the Group during the year was RMB2,338,000 (2024: RMB2,106,000), details of which are included in
             note 5 to the financial statements.

             At 31 December 2025, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-
             cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

             Within one year                                                                            2,338               2,106
             After one year but within two years                                                        2,314               2,106
             After two years but within three years                                                     1,738               2,106
             After three years but within four years                                                      280               1,312


                                                                                                        6,670               7,630


      16. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                        RMB’000

             At 1 January 2024:
                Cost                                                                                                       42,499
                Accumulated impairment                                                                                    (14,582)


                Net carrying amount                                                                                        27,917


             At 31 December 2024:
                Cost                                                                                                       42,499
                Accumulated impairment                                                                                    (42,499)


                Net carrying amount                                                                                             —


             Cost at 1 January 2025, net of accumulated impairment                                                              —
             Impairment during the year                                                                                         —


             Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2025                                                                   —


             At 31 December 2025:
                Cost                                                                                                       42,499
                Accumulated impairment                                                                                    (42,499)


                Net carrying amount                                                                                             —




124   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                         31 December 2025


16. GOODWILL (Continued)
    Impairment testing of goodwill
    Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to cash-generating unit, namely the Guangzhou Chichi
    cash-generating unit and namely the Hainan Zhangwan cash-generating unit (collectively, the “CGUs”) for impairment
    testing.

    Guangzhou Chichi CGU:

    During the year ended 31 December 2025, management of the Group has provided impairment loss of on goodwill
    of RMB27,917,000 allocated to Guangzhou Chichi CGU. It was considered that the revenue and operating profit of
    Guangzhou Chichi CGU for the current year did not meet those budgeted primarily attributable to the impact of the
    economic downturn and intensifying competitive dynamics within the industry. These adverse effects are expected
    to remain for a longer period and the Group strategical focus on its core business of marketing and operating game
    products. The impairment loss recognised was included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or
    loss.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   125
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                               Game
                                                     Computer      Domain   operation
                                                      software      names agreements      Copyright     Others     Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000

             31 December 2025


             Cost at 1 January 2025, net of
               accumulated amortisation                  2,182       8,937          —            —          —     11,119
             Additions                                   2,570          —           —            —       8,334    10,904
             Amortisation provided during the year      (2,445)     (1,533)         —            —          —     (3,978)


             At 31 December 2025                         2,307      7,404           —            —       8,334    18,045


             At 31 December 2025:
                Cost                                     6,167     15,330       12,000       60,000      8,334   101,831
                Accumulated amortisation                (3,860)    (7,926)     (12,000)     (60,000)        —    (83,786)


             Net carrying amount                         2,307      7,404           —            —       8,334    18,045


             31 December 2024

             At 1 January 2024:
                Cost                                     7,943     15,330       12,000       60,000         —      95,273
                Accumulated amortisation                (3,160)    (4,860)     (12,000)     (60,000)        —     (80,020)


             Net carrying amount                         4,783     10,470           —            —          —     15,253


             Cost at 1 January 2024, net of
               accumulated amortisation                  4,783     10,470           —            —          —     15,253
             Additions                                   1,020         —            —            —          —      1,020
             Amortisation provided during the year      (3,621)    (1,533)          —            —          —     (5,154)


             At 31 December 2024                         2,182      8,937           —            —          —     11,119


             At 31 December 2024 and at 1 January
                2025:
                Cost                                     7,238     15,330       12,000       60,000         —      94,568
                Accumulated amortisation                (5,056)    (6,393)     (12,000)     (60,000)        —     (83,449)


             Net carrying amount                         2,182      8,937           —            —          —     11,119




126   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                                31 December 2025


18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                             2025                          2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                       RMB’000

   Share of net assets                                                                                      312,016                       269,784
   Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                    8,667                         7,000


   Subtotal                                                                                                 320,683                       276,784

   Provision for impairment                                                                                      (2,537)                     (2,537)


   Total                                                                                                    318,146                       274,247


   Particulars of the Group’s material joint ventures are as follows:

                                                      Date and place of                  Percentage of
                              Particulars of          registration and      Ownership
   Name                       registered capital held business                interest   Voting power    Profit sharing Principal activities

   Zhejiang Xuwan Technology RMB500,000,000 as        5 July 2018         40%            40%             48.78%            Technical services and
     Co., Ltd.（浙江旭玩科技有        registered capital        PRC/Chinese                                                          development
     限公司）     *                                         Mainland

   Guangzhou Zeda New         RMB280,000,000 as       7 April 2020        26%            26%             29.4%             Real estate development,
    Culture and Creative       registered capital       PRC/Chinese                                                         management and
    Industry Development Co.,                           Mainland                                                            interactive entertainment
    Ltd.（廣州市澤達新文創產                                                                                                          product marketing
    業發展有限公司）*                                                                                                               business

   The above investments are held through a consolidated affiliate entity of the Company. They are joint ventures of the
   Group as the decisions about the relevant activities of the entities require the unanimous consent of the shareholders.

   *       The Group invested in Zhejiang Xuwan Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Zeda New Culture and Creative Industry
           Development Co., Ltd. (“Zeda”) in 2020.

   *       As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s investment in Zeda was pledged to the Agricultural Bank of China to guarantee the bank
           borrowings of Zeda with the maximum guarantee amount of RMB405,000,000 (note 35).


   Zeda acquired a land use right in 2020 for a period of 50 years and started the construction of properties in 2022. As
   at 31 December 2025, Zeda had a bank borrowing amount of RMB137,539,000 from the Agricultural Bank of China
   for the purpose of construction (2024: RMB84,235,000).

   During the year, there was no impairment provided for the investment in Zeda by taking into account the fair value of
   the land (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.     127
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
             Zhejiang Xuwan Technology Co., Ltd., which is considered a material joint venture of the Group, is accounted for using
             the equity method.

             The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Zhejiang Xuwan Technology Co., Ltd.
             adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the financial statements:

                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

             Current assets                                                                         269,233              155,856
             Non-current assets                                                                     285,986              335,132
             Current liabilities                                                                    (67,578)             (56,128)


             Net assets                                                                             487,641              434,860


             Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:
             Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                       237,871              212,125


             Goodwill on acquisition (less cumulative impairment)                                        —                    —
             Carrying amount of the investment                                                      237,871              212,125


                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

             Revenue                                                                                230,271              168,313
             Profit for the year                                                                     22,506               23,889
             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 17,775               22,696




128   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                              31 December 2025


18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   Guangzhou Zeda New Culture and Creative Industry Development Co., Ltd., which is considered a material joint
   venture of the Group, is accounted for using the equity method.

   The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Guangzhou Zeda New Culture and
   Creative Industry Development Co., Ltd. adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the
   carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Current assets                                                                              11,988                   7,171
   Non-current assets                                                                         373,438                 306,696
   Current liabilities                                                                        (29,518)                (54,417)
   Non-current liabilities                                                                   (137,539)                (84,235)


   Net assets                                                                                 218,369                 175,215


   Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:
   Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                            64,205                   45,556
   Goodwill on acquisition (less cumulative impairment)                                         1,667                       —
   Carrying amount of the investment                                                           65,872                   45,556


                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Loss for the year                                                                           (1,645)                  (1,818)
   Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                       (1,645)                  (1,818)

   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not individually
   material:

                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Share of the joint ventures’ (loss)/profit for the year                                     (1,949)                    (268)
   Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures                  14,403                   16,566




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   129
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

             Share of net assets                                                                         580,265                176,240
             Goodwill on acquisition                                                                          25                     25


             Subtotal                                                                                    580,290                176,265

             Provision for impairment                                                                        (972)                      (972)


             Total                                                                                       579,318                175,293


             Particulars of the material associate is as follows:

                                                                     Place of                     Percentage of
                                                                     incorporation/            ownership interest
                                              Particulars of         registration                    attributable
             Name                             issued shares held     and business                   to the Group Principal activities

             Jiaxing Xukai Enterprise         RMB559,920,000 as      10 May 2023                             42% Technical services and
                 Management Partnership         registered capital      PRC/Chinese Mainland                        development
                 (Limited partnership)(嘉興旭愷
                 企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
                 (“Jiaxing Xukai”)

             The above investment is held through a consolidated affiliate entity of the Company.




130   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                            31 December 2025


19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    Jiaxing Xukai Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited partnership), which is considered a material associate of the
    Group, is accounted for using the equity method.

    The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Jiaxing Xukai Enterprise Management
    Partnership (Limited partnership) adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying
    amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Current assets                                                                            1,050                   1,046
    Non-current assets                                                                    1,364,800                 411,200
    Current liabilities                                                                          —                       (1)


    Net assets                                                                            1,365,850                 412,245


    Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:

    Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                        42%                     42%
    Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill                        573,657                 173,143
    Carrying amount of the investment                                                       573,657                 173,143


    Loss for the year                                                                             4                       —
    Other comprehensive loss                                                                806,880                 (146,720)
    Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                   806,884                 (146,720)


    The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually
    material:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Share of the associates’ profit/(loss) for the year                                      14,479                   21,887
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                    5,661                    2,150




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   131
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      20. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

             Trade receivables                                                                           225,626               240,682
             Impairment                                                                                   (4,348)               (3,488)


             Net carrying amount                                                                         221,278               237,194


             The Group’s trade receivables mainly represent amounts receivable from third-party collaborated distribution platforms
             and online retail platforms. The credit period for collaborated distribution platforms is generally 30 to 180 days. The
             Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise
             credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the Group’s management. In view of the aforementioned and
             the fact that the Group’s trade receivables principally relate to diversified application distribution platforms, there is no
             significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
             trade receivables balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

             An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction date and
             net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

             Within 1 year                                                                               215,330               233,328
             1 to 2 years                                                                                  5,913                 3,526
             Over 2 years                                                                                     35                   340


                                                                                                         221,278               237,194


             The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

             At beginning of year                                                                           3,488                 4,315
             Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                                  860                  (827)


             At end of year                                                                                 4,348                 3,488




132   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                           31 December 2025


20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses under HKFRS 9, and the provision
    rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns. The Group
    used a calculation which reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
    supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
    future economic conditions. Trade receivables for which the counterparties failed to make the demanded repayments
    are defaulted receivables. The Group has provided for 100% of the defaulted receivables during the years ended 31
    December 2025 and 2024.

    Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
    matrix:

    As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                         Expected
                                                                      Amount             loss rate            Impairment
                                                                     RMB’000                    %               RMB’000

    Defaulted receivables                                                1,925                100%                     1,925
    Other trade receivables aged:
    Current                                                            199,646                  —*                       331
    Past due for 6 months to 1.5 years                                  22,849                  4%                       964
    Past due for 1.5 years to 2.5 years                                    154                 49%                        76
    Past due for over 2.5 years                                          1,052                100%                     1,052


                                                                       225,626                                         4,348


    As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                          Expected
                                                                       Amount              loss rate            Impairment
                                                                      RMB’000                     %               RMB’000

    Defaulted receivables                                                1,925                100%                     1,925
    Other trade receivables aged:
    Current                                                            221,805                  —*                       143
    Past due for 6 months to 1.5 years                                  15,388                  3%                       475
    Past due for 1.5 years to 2.5 years                                    823                 25%                       204
    Past due for over 2.5 years                                            741                100%                       741


                                                                       240,682                                         3,488


    *   Less than 1%




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   133
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      21. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB ’000             RMB ’000

             Non-current
             Deposits and other receivables                                                             8,471               8,172


             Less: Allowance for impairment                                                                —                    —


                                                                                                        8,471               8,172


             Current
             Prepayment for marketing and promotion services                                          99,482              133,965
             Deposits and other receivables                                                          360,784              267,510
             Prepayments to game developers                                                          282,104              307,303
             Undrawn deposits on third party payment channels                                         70,802               75,015
             Deductible input VAT                                                                    148,566              130,456
             Prepayments and prepaid expenses                                                        227,511                3,466
             Contract costs for self-owned games                                                      14,317               14,538


                                                                                                   1,203,566              932,253


             Less: Allowance for impairment                                                         (275,395)            (155,752)


                                                                                                     928,171              776,501


             The loans to employees provided by the Group bear interest at a rate of 4.75% p.a. and have been fully repaid in
             2025.

             An impairment analysis was performed at the end of the year. The Group has applied the general approach to provide
             for expected credit losses for non-trade other receivables under HKFRS 9. The Group considered the historical loss
             rate and adjusted it for forward-looking macroeconomic data in calculating the expected credit loss rate. The defaulted
             non-trade other receivables as at 31 December 2025 were RMB272,395,000 (2024: RMB155,752,000).




134   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                             31 December 2025


22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                1,549,827                 430,534
   Asset management products, at fair value                                                1,318,835                      —
   Others, at fair value                                                                      24,214                      —


                                                                                           2,892,876                 430,534


   The above listed equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as they were
   held for trading.

   The above asset management products are comprised of listed company stock. It was mandatorily classified as
   financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal
   and interest.

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s financial instrument amounting to RMB2,892,876,000 were unpledged. As at
   31 December 2024, the Group’s financial instrument amounting to RMB430,534,000 were unpledged.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   135
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

             Cash and bank balances                                                              1,765,937           3,116,714
             Less: Current restricted cash                                                            (605)             (33,983)
                   Non-current pledged time deposits                                              (636,965)           (560,770)
                   Current pledged time deposits                                                  (427,581)         (1,615,554)
                   Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over one year               (82,831)             (77,022)
                   Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over three months
                     and less than one year                                                       (242,003)           (314,422)


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                             375,952             514,963


             Denominated in:
             RMB                                                                                   179,103             176,270
             USD                                                                                   187,689             324,273
             Others                                                                                  9,160              14,420

             As at 31 December 2025, restricted cash amounting to RMB500,000 (2024:RMB2,984,000), represented deposits
             held in designated bank accounts for pending litigations. As at 31 December 2025, restricted cash amounting to
             RMB105,000 (2024: RMB30,999,000), represented deposits held in designated bank accounts due to the alteration in
             the corporate legal person status and such restrictions subsequently lifted at January 2026.

             As at 31 December 2025, pledged time deposits amounting to RMB1,064,546,000 (2024: RMB2,176,324,000) were
             restricted and pledged for discounted bills, bills payable and bank loans of the Group (note 25 and note 27).

             The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control
             Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
             permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

             Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are made
             for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
             Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
             deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




136   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                          31 December 2025


24. TRADE PAYABLES
   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction dates, is as
   follows:

                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

   Within 1 year                                                                            342,476               417,121
   1 to 2 years                                                                              89,449                47,759
   2 to 3 years                                                                               8,745                 9,071
   Over 3 years                                                                              10,539                 1,579


                                                                                            451,209               475,530


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 1-year terms.

   Included in the trade payable amounts of RMB429,760,000 (2024: RMB457,931,000) were payables to game
   developers as at 31 December 2025.


25. BILLS PAYABLE

                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

   Bills payable                                                                        1,303,815               1,530,095


                                                                                        1,303,815               1,530,095


   The bills payable are due for payment within 1 year and the Group bears finance costs at rates of 1.00% to 1.72% p.a.
   for the extended maturity date of 6 months.

   Included in bills payable amounts of RMB601,331,000 and RMB443,714,000 were payables to game developers as at
   31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

   Included in bills payable amounts of RMB702,484,000 and RMB1,086,381,000 were payables for marketing and
   promotion services as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

   The time deposits, buildings and investment properties in total of RMB1,116,726,000 were pledged for bills payable
   as at 31 December 2025. The time deposits, buildings and investment properties in total of RMB2,032,736,000 were
   pledged for bills payable as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   137
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      26. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

             Marketing and promotion services payables                                                      179,740               156,557
             Salaries and benefits payables                                                                 152,541               110,675
             Other tax payables                                                                              40,967                38,704
             Contract liabilities*                                                                           44,501                48,973
             Other payables**                                                                                66,781                64,857


                                                                                                            484,530               419,766


             Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

             Advances received from the players of the self-owned games                                      44,501                48,973


                                                                                                             44,501                48,973


             *      Contract liabilities include advances received from the players of the self-owned games operated by the Group in 2025 and
                    2024.

             **     Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.


      27. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

             Discounted bills                                                                                34,369               199,568


             Discounted bills                                                                                34,369               199,568


             The discounted bills bear interest at rates of 1.00% to 1.72% p.a. and repayable within 6 months.

             The pledged deposits in total of RMB34,369,000 were pledged for discounted bills as at 31 December 2025. The
             pledged deposits in total of RMB200,169,000 were pledged for discounted bills as at 31 December 2024. Details are
             set out in note 22 and note 23 to the financial statements.




138   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025


28. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                           2025
                                                                              Investments
                                                                                 measured
                                                                               at fair value     Contract
                                                               Right-of-use through profit costs for self-
                                                                     assets          or loss owned games                           Total
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000                         RMB’000

   At 31 December 2025                                               31,961                    698              3,634               36,293
   Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the statement
     of profit or loss during the year (note 10)                     15,109              340,432                (1,351)           354,190
   Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December
     2025                                                            47,070              341,130                2,283             390,483


   Deferred tax assets


                                                                                  2025
                                                                                             Investments
                                                                                                measured
                                                                                              at fair value
                                           Lease     Impairment     Accrued                        through        Contract
                                       liabilities     of assets   liabilities   Tax losses profit or loss        liabilities        Total
                                       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

   At 31 December 2025                    33,252         39,622            —         25,112           43,587         12,243         153,816


   Deferred tax credited/(charged)
      to the statement of profit or
      loss during the year (note 10)      16,252         10,173            —        (10,066)         (43,587)        (5,503)        (32,731)
   Gross deferred tax assets at 31
      December 2025                       49,504         49,795            —         15,046               —           6,740         121,085




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   139
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      28. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
             Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                                                      Investments
                                                                                                                         measured
                                                                                                                       at fair value Contract costs
                                                                                                  Right-of-use      through profit for self-owned
                                                                                                        assets               or loss        games           Total
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

             At 31 December 2024                                                                       61,806                   —            7,739         69,545


             Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the statement of profit or
                loss during the year (note 10)                                                        (29,845)                698           (4,105)       (33,252)
             Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2024                                        31,961                 698            3,634         36,293


             Deferred tax assets


                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                       Investments
                                                                                                                          measured
                                                                                                                        at fair value
                                                                   Impairment of    Accrued                          through profit       Contract
                                                 Lease liabilities        assets    liabilities       Tax losses              or loss      liabilities      Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

             At 31 December 2024                        69,499            7,994           763            35,972             43,280           21,349      178,857


             Deferred tax credited/(charged)
                to the statement of profit or
                loss during the year (note 10)         (36,247)          31,628          (763)           (10,860)               307          (9,106)      (25,041)
             Gross deferred tax assets at 31
                December 2024                           33,252           39,622             —            25,112             43,587           12,243      153,816




140   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                            31 December 2025


28. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
    For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
    position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Net deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                                       269,398                 (117,523)


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following item:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Tax losses                                                                               50,587                 171,504
    Deductible temporary differences                                                         21,395                  25,534


                                                                                             71,982                 197,038


    All of the above tax losses arose in Chinese mainland and will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future
    taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in
    subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
    available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

    According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to a
    foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to a 10% withholding tax
    (“WHT”). If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions and requirements under the double
    taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong Kong, the relevant withholding tax rate will be
    reduced from 10% to 5% in certain circumstances. For the Group, the applicable rate is 10%.

    Since the Group intends to permanently reinvest the earnings to further expand its businesses in the PRC after the
    Reorganisation, it does not intend to declare dividends to its immediate foreign holding entities in the foreseeable
    future. Accordingly, no deferred income tax liability on WHT was accrued as at 31 December 2025.

    There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   141
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      29. SHARE CAPITAL AND TREASURY SHARES
             Shares


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

             Issued and fully paid:

             534,439,918 (2024: 534,439,918) ordinary shares*                                                    77                   77


             *      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the total number of issued ordinary shares included 4,255,157 (2024: 9,189,445) shares
                    held for the share option scheme, with a par value of RMB1,000 (2024: RMB1,000).


             A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                  shares in issue         Share capital
                                                                                                                              RMB’000

             At 1 January 2025, 31 December 2025                                                      534,439,918                     77




142   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                           31 December 2025


30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
   The Company adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives
   and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible participants of
   the Scheme include the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive directors, other employees of the
   Group, suppliers of goods or services to the Group, customers of the Group, the Company’s shareholders, and any
   non-controlling shareholder in the Company’s subsidiaries. The Scheme became effective on 4 November 2022 and,
   unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.

   The maximum number of shares issuable under share options to service providers in the Scheme is limited to 3.39%
   of the shares of the Company in issue at any time. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options to
   each eligible participant in the Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in
   issue at any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders’ approval in a
   general meeting.

   Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their
   associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. In addition, any share
   options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any
   of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value
   (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HKD5 million, within any 12-month
   period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.

   The exercise period of the share options granted is ten years commencing from the date upon which the share options
   are deemed to be granted and accepted pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan.

   The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the higher of (i) the
   Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average
   Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of
   offer.

   Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.

   The following share options were outstanding under the Scheme during the year:

                                                                  2025                               2024
                                                         Weighted                            Weighted
                                                           average        Number of            average          Number of
                                                     exercise price         options      exercise price           options
                                                               USD                                USD

   At 1 January                                             0.00002        9,189,445          0.00002          17,180,414
   Granted during the year                                  0.00002               —           0.00002                  —
   Forfeited during the year                                0.00002          (48,968)         0.00002            (606,959)
   Exercised during the year                                0.00002       (4,885,320)              —           (7,384,010)


   At 31 December                                           0.00002        4,255,157          0.00002            9,189,445




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   143
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
             The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the reporting period are as
             follows:

             2025


                                         Number of options             Exercise price*                          Exercise period
                                                                       USD per share

                                                   954,898                      0.00002                 28/12/23 to 15/11/2032
                                                   954,898                      0.00002                 28/06/24 to 15/11/2032
                                                   954,898                      0.00002                 28/12/24 to 15/11/2032
                                                   954,898                      0.00002                 28/06/25 to 15/11/2032
                                                    15,464                      0.00002               28/12/2023 to 15/03/2033
                                                    15,464                      0.00002               28/06/2024 to 15/03/2033
                                                    15,464                      0.00002               28/12/2024 to 15/03/2033
                                                    15,463                      0.00002               28/06/2025 to 15/03/2033
                                                     2,577                      0.00002               28/12/2023 to 30/03/2033
                                                     2,577                      0.00002               28/06/2024 to 30/03/2033
                                                     2,577                      0.00002               28/12/2024 to 30/03/2033
                                                     2,578                      0.00002               28/06/2025 to 30/03/2033
                                                    41,881                      0.00002               28/12/2023 to 30/06/2033
                                                    41,881                      0.00002               28/06/2024 to 30/06/2033
                                                    41,881                      0.00002               28/12/2024 to 30/06/2033
                                                    41,882                      0.00002               28/06/2025 to 30/06/2033
                                                    10,309                      0.00002               28/12/2023 to 31/07/2033
                                                    10,309                      0.00002               28/06/2024 to 31/07/2033
                                                    10,309                      0.00002               28/12/2024 to 31/07/2033
                                                    10,310                      0.00002               28/06/2025 to 31/07/2033
                                                    38,660                      0.00002               28/12/2023 to 06/09/2033
                                                    38,660                      0.00002               28/06/2024 to 06/09/2033
                                                    38,660                      0.00002               28/12/2024 to 06/09/2033
                                                    38,659                      0.00002               28/06/2025 to 06/09/2033


                                                 4,255,157




144   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                        31 December 2025


30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)


   2024


                           Number of options                            Exercise price*                                Exercise period
                                                                        USD per share

                                       954,901                                  0.00002                    28/12/23 to 15/11/2032
                                       954,901                                  0.00002                    28/06/24 to 15/11/2032
                                     3,422,039                                  0.00002                    28/12/24 to 15/11/2032
                                     3,422,040                                  0.00002                    28/06/25 to 15/11/2032
                                        15,464                                  0.00002                  28/12/2023 to 15/03/2033
                                        15,464                                  0.00002                  28/06/2024 to 15/03/2033
                                        15,464                                  0.00002                  28/12/2024 to 15/03/2033
                                        15,463                                  0.00002                  28/06/2025 to 15/03/2033
                                         2,577                                  0.00002                  28/12/2023 to 30/03/2033
                                         2,577                                  0.00002                  28/06/2024 to 30/03/2033
                                         2,577                                  0.00002                  28/12/2024 to 30/03/2033
                                         2,578                                  0.00002                  28/06/2025 to 30/03/2033
                                        41,881                                  0.00002                  28/12/2023 to 30/06/2033
                                        41,881                                  0.00002                  28/06/2024 to 30/06/2033
                                        41,881                                  0.00002                  28/12/2024 to 30/06/2033
                                        41,882                                  0.00002                  28/06/2025 to 30/06/2033
                                        10,309                                  0.00002                  28/12/2023 to 31/07/2033
                                        10,309                                  0.00002                  28/06/2024 to 31/07/2033
                                        10,309                                  0.00002                  28/12/2024 to 31/07/2033
                                        10,310                                  0.00002                  28/06/2025 to 31/07/2033
                                        38,660                                  0.00002                  28/12/2023 to 06/09/2033
                                        38,660                                  0.00002                  28/06/2024 to 06/09/2033
                                        38,660                                  0.00002                  28/12/2024 to 06/09/2033
                                        38,659                                  0.00002                  28/06/2025 to 06/09/2033


                                     9,189,445


   *      The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other similar changes
          in the Company’s share capital.


   No share options granted during the year (No share options granted during the 2024). The Group recognised a share
   option expense of RMB18,634,000 (2024: RMB116,886,000) during the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   145
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
             At 31 December 2025, the Company had 4,255,157 share options outstanding under the Scheme.

             At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 4,255,157 (2024: 9,189,445) share options
             outstanding under the Scheme, which represented approximately 0.80% (2024: 1.72%) of the Company’s shares in
             issue as at that date.


      31. RESERVES
             The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
             consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 74 of this annual report.

             (i)     Capital reserve
                     The capital reserve of the Group represents 1) the difference between the par value of the shares issued and
                     the consideration received; 2) the paid-up capital of the companies comprising the Group; and 3) the reserves
                     resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests.

             (ii)    Statutory surplus reserve
                     In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC and the respective articles of association of the group
                     companies, each of the companies that is domiciled in the PRC is required to allocate 10% of its profit after
                     tax, as determined in accordance with PRC GAAP, to the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve reaches
                     50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the distribution of a dividend to
                     shareholders.

                     The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable except that in the event of liquidation and, subject to certain
                     restrictions set out in the relevant PRC regulations, it can be used to offset accumulated losses or be capitalised
                     as paid-up capital.

             (iii)   Share incentive reserve
                     The share incentive reserve comprises the reserve arising from equity-settled share awards granted, as further
                     explained in note 30 to the financial statements.

             (iv)    Fair value reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                     The fair value reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprises the
                     proportionate interest in the investee arising from changes in the investee’s other comprehensive income.




146   Tanwan Inc.    Annual Report 2025
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                         31 December 2025


32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB38,287,000
         (2024: RMB16,170,000) and RMB38,287,000 (2024: RMB16,170,000), respectively, in respect of lease
         arrangements for plant and equipment.

   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
         2025


                                                             Lease liabilities        Bank loans                  Total
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

         At 1 January 2025                                              44,202            199,568                243,770
         Proceeds from loans and borrowings                                 —              39,243                 39,243
         Repayment of loans and borrowings                                  —            (204,442)              (204,442)
         Repayment of interest expenses                                     —             (11,913)               (11,913)
         Additions to lease liabilities                                 38,287             11,913                 50,200
         Remeasurement due to lease modification                        (8,517)                —                  (8,517)
         Accretion of interest expenses                                 (2,202)                —                  (2,202)
         Interest portion of lease payments                              2,202                 —                   2,202
         Principal portion of lease payments                            (5,798)                —                  (5,798)


         At 31 December 2025                                            68,174             34,369                102,543


         2024


                                                               Lease liabilities       Bank loans                  Total
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000

         At 1 January 2024                                            192,794             213,743                 406,537
         Proceeds from loans and borrowings                                  —            199,568                 199,568
         Repayment of loans and borrowings                                   —           (213,336)               (213,336)
         Repayment of interest expenses                                      —              (2,043)                  (2,043)
         Additions to lease liabilities                                 16,170                  —                   16,170
         Remeasurement due to lease modification                     (131,642)                  —                (131,642)
         Accretion of interest expenses                                   6,545              1,636                    8,181
         Interest portion of lease payments                              (6,545)                —                    (6,545)
         Principal portion of lease payments                           (33,120)                 —                  (33,120)


         At 31 December 2024                                            44,202            199,568                243,770




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   147
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
             (c)    Total cash outflow for leases
                    The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

                    Within operating activities                                                             176            —
                    Within investing activities                                                              —             —
                    Within financing activities                                                           7,910        40,410


                                                                                                          8,086        40,410


      33. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
             Details of the Group’s assets pledged for interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings are included in note 13,
             note 14 and note 23 to the financial statements.


      34. COMMITMENTS
             The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

             Contracted, but not provided for:
             Leasehold improvements                                                                       6,300         1,159
             Capital contributions payable to investees                                                  39,287        52,500


                                                                                                         45,587        53,659




148   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025


35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   Name of related parties                                                            Relationship with the Group

   Guangzhou Zeda New Culture and Creative Industry Development                       Joint venture
     Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Zeda”)
   Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play Technology Co., Ltd.                                   Joint venture
     (“Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play”)
   Shanghai Dehan Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Dehan”)                             Associate
   Hangzhou Taofan Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Taofan”)                   Associate
   Hangzhou Jiyue Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Jiyue”)                     Associate
   Shaoxing Yuyin Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shaoxing Yuyin”)                             Associate
   Mr. Wu Xubo                                                                        Key management personnel
   Ms. Wu Xuan                                                                        Key management personnel
   Mr. Luo Xihu                                                                       Key management personnel
   Ms. Liang Wenhong                                                                  Key management personnel

   (a)   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000

         Operation services from Shanghai Dehan*                                                  103,662                 243,936
         Operation services from Hangzhou Jiyue*                                                    8,031                      —
         Operation services from Hangzhou Taofan                                                    3,640                      —
         Operation services from Shaoxing Yuyin*                                                       27                      —
         Operation services from Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play*                                           1                      —


                                                                                                  115,361                 243,936


         *    The services provided to the related party were made according to the prices and terms agreed between the parties.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   149
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
             (b)    Other transactions with related parties:
                    As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s investment in Zeda was pledged to the Agricultural Bank of China to
                    guarantee the bank borrowings of Zeda with the maximum guarantee amount of RMB405,000,000 (2024:
                    RMB405,000,000).

             (c)    Outstanding balances with related parties:


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Amounts due from related parties:

                    Shanghai Dehan*                                                                         53,351                  507
                    Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play*                                                            37,735               37,736
                    Hangzhou Taofan*                                                                        11,571                   —
                    Hangzhou Jiyue*                                                                         10,342                   —
                    Shaoxing Yuyin*                                                                            127                   —


                                                                                                           113,126               38,243


                    *       The amounts due from Shanghai Dehan, Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play, Hangzhou Taofan, Hangzhou Jiyue and Shaoxing
                            Yuyin are trade in nature.


             (d)    Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Fees                                                                                     1,800                1,800


                    Other emoluments:

                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                2,659                3,504
                    Discretionary bonuses                                                                   11,031                  267
                    Share-based payments                                                                     5,043               28,795
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                                31                   63


                    Subtotal                                                                                18,764               32,629


                                                                                                            20,564               34,429


                    Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial
                    statements.




150   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                        31 December 2025


36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
   follows:

   Financial assets


                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               2,892,876                430,534


   At amortised cost:

   Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets          164,662                194,945
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                             375,952                514,963
   Trade receivables                                                                     221,278                237,194
   Pledged deposits                                                                    1,064,546              2,176,324
   Restricted cash                                                                           605                 33,983
   Time deposits                                                                         242,003                314,422


                                                                                       4,961,922              3,902,365


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                             34,369                199,568
   Trade payables                                                                        451,209                475,530
   Bills payable                                                                       1,303,815              1,530,095
   Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                         246,522                216,839
   Lease liabilities                                                                      68,174                 44,202


                                                                                       2,104,089              2,466,234




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   151
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities approximated to their respective
             carrying amounts.

             Management has assessed that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, pledged deposits,
             amounts due from related parties, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade
             receivables, trade payables, bills payable, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, interest-bearing
             bank borrowings, and lease liabilities reasonably approximate to their fair values because these financial instruments
             are mostly short term in nature.

             The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
             procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief
             financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in
             the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed
             and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee
             twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

             The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
             exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
             methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

             The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities, non-current portion of pledged deposits and non-
             current portion of financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables have been calculated by
             discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
             risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for lease
             liabilities as at 31 December 2025 were assessed to be insignificant.

             The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.

             The fair value of asset management products investments has been estimated using an asset-based valuation
             technique with reasonable and observable market prices as inputs.

             The fair values of the equity/debt investments in unlisted companies have been estimated using the recent transaction
             method.




152   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025


37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value:
   As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                           Significant
                                                              Quoted prices in      Significant          unobservable
                                                               active markets observable inputs                inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)       (Level 2)              (Level 3)               Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000

   Listed equity investments, at fair value                          1,549,827                   —                  —             1,549,827
   Asset management products                                                —             1,318,835                 —             1,318,835
   Other                                                                    —                    —              24,214               24,214


   As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                            Significant
                                                               Quoted prices in           Significant     unobservable
                                                                active markets     observable inputs            inputs
                                                                       (Level 1)            (Level 2)         (Level 3)               Total
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               430,534                    —                  —              430,534


   Liabilities measured at fair value:
   The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).

   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
   or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   153
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
             Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
             As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                             Significant
                                                                Quoted prices in            Significant    unobservable
                                                                 active markets      observable inputs            inputs
                                                                        (Level 1)             (Level 2)         (Level 3)        Total
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

             Pledged deposits, non-current portion                             —               636,965                   —      636,965
             Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity
                of over one year                                               —                82,831                   —       82,831


                                                                               —               719,796                   —      719,796


             As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                                 Significant
                                                                 Quoted prices in            Significant     unobservable
                                                                  active markets      observable inputs              inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)             (Level 2)           (Level 3)      Total
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000

             Pledged deposits, non-current portion                             —               560,770                   —      560,770
             Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity
                of over one year                                               —                77,022                   —       77,022


                                                                               —               637,792                   —      637,792




154   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    31 December 2025


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise discounted bills, other interest-bearing loans, and cash and time
   deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group
   has many other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade and bills payable, which arise
   directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and equity price risk. The
   board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

   Credit risk
   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
   who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are
   monitored on an ongoing basis.

   Maximum exposure and year-end staging
   The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
   which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
   year-end staging classification as at 31 December.

   The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

                                                                 12-month
   As at 31 December 2025                                          ECLs                    Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                           Simplified
                                                                    Stage 1      Stage 2        Stage 3    approach            Total
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

   Trade receivables*                                                       —         —               —      225,414          225,414
   Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables
      and other assets
      -Normal**                                                      117,299          —               —           —           117,299
      -Doubtful**                                                         —           —          275,395          —           275,395
   Pledged deposits                                                1,064,546          —               —           —         1,064,546
   Restricted cash — Not yet past due                                    605          —               —           —               605
   Time deposits                                                     242,003          —               —           —           242,003
      Cash and cash equivalents — Not yet past due                   375,952          —               —           —           375,952
   Amounts due from related parties                                       —           —               —       53,351           53,351


                                                                   1,800,405          —          275,395     278,765        2,354,565




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   155
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
             Credit risk (Continued)
             Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)


                                                                            12-month
             As at 31 December 2024                                             ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                           Simplified
                                                                             Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3       approach           Total
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

             Trade receivables*                                                   —               —               —         240,682         240,682
             Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables
                and other assets
                -Normal**                                                    194,945              —               —               —         194,945
                -Doubtful**                                                       —               —          155,752              —         155,752
             Pledged deposits                                              2,176,324              —               —               —       2,176,324
             Restricted cash — Not yet past due                               33,983              —               —               —          33,983
             Time deposits                                                   314,422              —               —               —         314,422
             Cash and cash equivalents — Not yet past due                    514,963              —               —               —         514,963
             Amounts due from related parties                                     —               —               —              507            507


                                                                           3,234,637              —          155,752        241,189       3,631,578


             *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision
                    matrix is disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

             **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be
                    “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in
                    credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


             Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed
             in note 20 to the financial statements.

             Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
             Concentrations of credit risk are managed by analysis by customer/counterparty, geographical region and by industry
             sector. The Group had certain concentrations of credit risk. As at 31 December 2025, 27.2% (2024: 27.0%) of the
             Group’s trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest debtor and 65.5% (2024: 65.2%) of the Group’s trade
             receivables were due from the Group’s five largest debtors.




156   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Liquidity risk
   In the management of liquidity risk, the Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents.

   The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of lease
   liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, trade and bills payable and other payables.

   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual
   undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                 Less than 3 3 to less than
   31 December 2025                                 On demand        months     12 months       1 to 5 years   Over 5 years          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000

   Lease liabilities                                        —            —               —               —               —               —
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings               —        28,020          11,222              —               —           39,242
   Trade payables                                      108,728       51,616         290,865              —               —          451,209
   Bills payable                                            —       654,354         652,745              —               —        1,307,099
   Other payables (excluding salaries and
        benefits payable, and other tax payables)           —       179,740          61,546              —               —          241,286


   Total contractual undiscounted payments             108,728      913,730       1,016,378              —               —        2,038,836


                                                                 Less than 3   3 to less than
   31 December 2024                                 On demand        months       12 months     1 to 5 years   Over 5 years           Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000

   Lease liabilities                                        —         3,055           4,819          40,169              —           48,043
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings               —       151,701          48,468              —               —          200,169
   Trade payables                                       58,409      134,960         282,161              —               —          475,530
   Bills payable                                            —       754,541         779,422              —               —        1,533,963
   Other payables (excluding salaries and
        benefits payable, and other tax payables)           —       156,557          62,934              —               —          219,491


   Total contractual undiscounted payments              58,409     1,200,814      1,177,804          40,169              —        2,477,196




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   157
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
             Equity price risk
             Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the levels of equity
             indices and the value of individual securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from individual equity
             investments included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 22).

             The Group’s listed investments are listed on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation and
             the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and are valued at quoted market prices at the end of the year.

             The market equity indices for the following stock exchanges, at the close of business of the nearest trading day in the
             year to the end of the reporting period, and their respective highest and lowest points during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                    31 December                 High/low
                                                                                                           2025                     2025

             Shenzhen — A Share Index                                                                       13,525         13,807/7,908
             U.S.A — NASDAQ Composite Index                                                                 23,242        23,901/15,588

                                                                                                     31 December                 High/low
                                                                                                            2024                    2024

             Shenzhen — A Share Index                                                                       10,415         11,864/7,684

             The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 5% change in the fair values of the equity investments with
             all other variables held constant and before any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts at the end of the
             reporting period.

                                                                          Carrying amount                Increase/            Increase/
                                                                                  of equity         (decrease) in          (decrease) in
                                                                              investments        profit before tax               equity
                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000              RMB’000

             As at 31 December 2025/
               Year ended 31 December 2025
               Investments listed in Shenzhen                                      1,549,827                77,491                65,868


                                                                            Carrying amount                Increase/           Increase/
                                                                                    of equity         (decrease) in         (decrease) in
                                                                                investments        profit before tax              equity
                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000

             As at 31 December 2024/
               Year ended 31 December 2024
               Investments listed in Shenzhen                                        430,534                21,527                16,145




158   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                              31 December 2025


38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Capital management
   The Group’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain creditor and market confidence and to
   sustain the future development of business.

   The directors of the Company review the asset-liability ratio, which is total assets divided by total liabilities, on a
   continuous basis, taking into account the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group
   will balance its overall capital structure through the raising of new debts as well as the redemption of the existing debts
   and manage the asset-liability ratio. The Group’s overall strategy remained unchanged during the reporting period.

   The asset-liability ratio as at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Total assets                                                                             7,382,383               5,563,674


   Total liabilities                                                                        3,097,158               3,140,609


   Asset-liability ratio                                                                          42%                      56%


39. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   No important events affecting the Company occurred since the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual
   report.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   159
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
      31 December 2025


      40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
             Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

             NON-CURRENT ASSETS

             Property, plant and equipment                                                                56                  285
             Other intangible assets                                                                   8,334                   —
             Right-of-use assets                                                                         187                1,306
             Prepayment, deposits and other receivables                                                  366                  366
             Pledged deposits                                                                             —                73,076
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                             397,769              379,136

             Total non-current assets                                                                406,712              454,169


             CURRENT ASSETS
             Prepayment, deposits and other receivables                                                94,359                  —
             Due from subsidiaries                                                                         —                  395
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss — current                           23,115                  —
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  2,301             136,112

             Total current assets                                                                    119,775              136,507

             CURRENT LIABILITIES

             Other payables and accruals                                                               2,988                 1,273
             Due to subsidiaries                                                                     111,971                42,052
             Lease liabilities                                                                           204                 1,192

             Total current liabilities                                                               115,163                44,517

             NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                         4,612               91,990

             TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                   411,324              546,159

             NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

             Lease liabilities                                                                              —                  200

             Total non-current liabilities                                                                  —                  200

             Net assets                                                                              411,324              545,959


             EQUITY

             Share capital                                                                                 77                  77
             Treasury shares                                                                         (114,804)                 (1)
             Reserves                                                                                 526,051             545,883

             Total equity                                                                            411,324              545,959




160   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                             31 December 2025


40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                          Share
                                                              Treasury     Capital    incentive   Accumulated
                                              Share capital     shares     reserve      reserve        losses           Total
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

   Balance at 1 January 2024                            77          (3)   210,376      262,251         (41,535)        431,166

   Total comprehensive income for the year               —          —           —           —           (2,095)         (2,095)
   Equity-settled share option arrangements              —          2           —      116,886              —          116,888


   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025               77          (1)   210,376      379,137         (43,630)        545,959

   Total comprehensive income for the year               —          —           —            —         (38,466)         (38,466)
   Shares repurchased                                    —    (114,804)         —            —              —          (114,804)
   Shares issued upon exercise of share
      options                                            —           1          —           —               —                 1
   Equity-settled share option arrangements              —           1          —       18,634              —            18,635


   At 31 December 2025                                  77    (114,804)   210,376      397,771         (82,096)        411,324


   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further
   explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The amount
   will either be transferred to share capital when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits
   should the related options expire or be forfeited.


41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2026.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   161
      Definitions

      “AI”                                 Artificial Intelligence

      “AIGC”                               the abbreviation for “Artificial Intelligence Generated Content”, refers to the contents
                                           generated by using artificial intelligence technology, including images, texts, audio,
                                           and videos

      “Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Board

      “Board”                              the board of Directors of the Company

      “Century Huatong”                    Zhejiang Century Huatong Group Co., Ltd. (浙 江 世 紀 華 通 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), a
                                           company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002602)

      “China” or “the PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China, and for the purposes of this annual report only,
                                           except where the context requires otherwise, references to China or the PRC exclude
                                           Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau

      “Company” or “our Company”           Tanwan Inc. (貪玩), an exempted limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman
                                           Islands on March 18, 2021

      “Contractual Arrangements”           the series of contractual arrangements entered into by Guangzhou Zhongxu Future
                                           Technology Co., Ltd. (廣 州 中 旭 未 來 科 技 有 限 公 司), an indirect wholly-owned
                                           subsidiary of our Company, Jiangxi Tanwan, and the registered shareholders of
                                           Jiangxi Tanwan, details of which have been set forth under the section headed
                                           “Contractual Arrangements” in the Prospectus

      “Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules, and unless the context
                                           otherwise requires, refers to Mr. WU Xubo, WXB BVI 1, WXB BVI 2 and WXB Holdco

      “Convertible Bonds”                  the Company’s HK$468,000,000 zero coupon convertible bonds due 2027

      “Corporate Governance Code”          the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

      “Director(s)”                        director(s) of the Company

      “ESOP BVIs”                          collectively, GLORIOUS TYCOON LIMITED, WxScarlett Ventures Limited and WxDR
                                           Ventures Limited, which hold the relevant issued Shares on trust for the Pre-IPO
                                           Share Option Plan

      “FVTPL”                              fair value through profit or loss

      “Global Offering”                    the offer for subscription of the shares as described in the Prospectus

      “Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,   the Company, its subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities from time to time, and
        “we”, “us”, or “our”               where the context requires, in respect of the period prior to our Company becoming
                                           the holding company of its present subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were
                                           subsidiaries of our Company at the relevant time

      “HK$” or “HKD”                       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “HKFRS”                              Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards




162   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  Definitions

“Hong Kong”                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IP”                          Intellectual Property

“Jiangxi Tanwan”              Jiangxi Tanwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. (江西貪玩信息技術有限公司), a
                              limited liability company established in the PRC on May 21, 2015, one of the PRC
                              Operating Entities controlled by our Company through the Contractual Arrangements

“KOL(s)”                      key opinion leader(s)

“Listing”                     the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                September 28, 2023, being the date on which dealings in the Shares first commence
                              on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                              Limited

“Main Board”                  the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                              which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                              Exchange

“MMORPG”                      massively multiplayer online role-playing games

“Model Code”                  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                              Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Moore Threads“               Moore Threads Technology Co. Ltd. (摩 爾 線 程 智 能 科 技(北 京)股 份 有 限 公 司), a
                              company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688795)

“PC”                          personal computer

“PRC Operating Entities”      the entities controlled by our Group through the Contractual Arrangements, namely
                              Jiangxi Tanwan and its subsidiaries

“Pre-IPO Share Option Plan”   the pre-IPO share option plan of our Company as adopted on November 4, 2022, a
                              summary of its principal terms is set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
                              Information — D. Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus

“Prospectus”                  the prospectus issued by the Company on September 18, 2023

“R&D”                         research and development

“RMB”                         Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”            For the year ended December 31, 2025

“SFO”                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong, as
                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025 Tanwan Inc.   163
      Definitions

      “Share(s)”                         ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                         US$0.00002 each

      “Shareholder(s)”                   shareholder(s) of the Company

      “SLG”                              simulation games, a genre of games that allows players to control characters and
                                         attempt to emulate various activities from real life in the game format

      “Stock Exchange”                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”     has the meaning ascribed to it in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
                                         622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

      “US dollars” or “US$”              United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “WXB BVI 1”                        WxLand Holding Limited, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                         liability on March 8, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mr. WU Xubo, and one of our
                                         Controlling Shareholders

      “WXB BVI 2”                        WxLand International Ltd, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                         liability on January 4, 2022, a company owned by WXB BVI 1 as to 50.0%, and WXB
                                         Holdco as to 50.0%, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

      “WXB Holdco”                       WxLand Limited, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on
                                         September 26, 2022, which is wholly-owned by WxLand Trust, a discretionary trust
                                         established by Mr. WU Xubo as the settlor on September 22, 2022, and one of our
                                         Controlling Shareholders

      “%”                                percentage




164   Tanwan Inc.   Annual Report 2025
