INTERIM REPORT 2026
             Tanwan Inc. 贪玩
                 Stock Code: 9890
 （Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability）
Contents
Corporate Information                                2

Letter to Shareholders                               3

Key Highlights                                       6

Management Discussion and Analysis                   7

Other Information                                    21

Independent Review Report                            33

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit

 or Loss                                             34

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of

 Comprehensive Income                                35

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of

 Financial Position                                  36

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of

 Changes in Equity                                   38

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash

 Flows                                               39

Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial

 Information                                         41

Definitions                                          57
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
    Executive Directors                               Kirkland & Ellis
    Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer)   26/F, Gloucester Tower
    Ms. WU Xuan (Chief Operating Officer)             The Landmark
                                                      15 Queen’s Road Central, Central
    Independent Non-executive Directors               Hong Kong
    Ms. SONG Siyun
    Mr. QIN Yongde                                    REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. ZHENG Yi                                      190 Elgin Avenue
                                                      George Town
                                                      Grand Cayman KY1–9008
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                      Cayman Islands
    Ms. ZHENG Yi (Chairlady)
    Ms. SONG Siyun
                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND
    Mr. QIN Yongde
                                                      HEADQUARTERS IN THE PRC
                                                      Floors 41, 62–66,
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Canton Financial Center
    Ms. SONG Siyun (Chairlady)                        656 Huangpu Avenue
    Mr. WU Xubo                                       Tianhe District, Guangzhou
    Ms. ZHENG Yi                                      Guangdong
                                                      PRC
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. WU Xubo (Chairman)                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
    Ms. SONG Siyun                                    KONG
    Ms. ZHENG Yi                                      40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre
                                                      248 Queen’s Road East
    CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER                           Wanchai, Hong Kong
    Mr. WU Xubo
                                                      PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                 OFFICE
    Ms. TSANG Wing Man                                Walkers Corporate Limited
                                                      190 Elgin Avenue
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                        George Town
                                                      Grand Cayman KY1–9008
    Mr. WU Xubo
                                                      Cayman Islands
    Ms. TSANG Wing Man

    AUDITOR                                           HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    Ernst & Young                                     Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                      17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Certified Public Accountant and Registered
                                                      16 Harcourt Road
    Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                      Hong Kong
    27/F, One Taikoo Place
    979 King’s Road
    Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                      INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                      Email: IR@tanwan.com

                                                      COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                                      https://www.tanwan.cn/


                                                      STOCK CODE
                                                      9890

2   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Tanwan Inc. (the “Company”), I am pleased to
present to all Shareholders the interim report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended
June 30, 2026.

Looking back at the first half of 2026, the game industry has been characterized by both opportunities and transformative
changes. The Group has remained committed to its long-termism philosophy, anchored its direction with a clear strategy,
strengthened its foundation with solid products, driven efficiency through cutting-edge technological innovation, and
navigated market cycles with steady operations.

Classic IPs Consolidate the Foundation, Diversified Premium Product Matrix Poised for Growth
Centering its core business of “global distribution and operation of IP products”, the Group has anchored its game product
system in “refinement, diversification, globalization, and long-term operation”. Leveraging classic IPs including “Legend”
(傳奇), “MU” (奇蹟MU) and “Yulgang” (熱血江湖), we have established systematic IP incubation and refined long-term
operational capability. With this core competitiveness, we have successfully created hit mini-program adaptations including
“City of Dragontrail” (《龍跡之城》) and “Legend of Origin” (《原始傳奇》). Classic IPs not only serve as our fundamental
business base, but also provide the confidence for us to expand into a wider range of premium games across multiple
genres. We are now replicating this mature operational capability across a broader portfolio of premium multi-genre IPs,
continuously enriching the depth and breadth of our game product matrix.

In 2026, the Group obtained the exclusive distribution rights for the App version of “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2:
Flying Dragon Battles against the Heavens” (《天龍八部2:飛龍戰天》) in Chinese mainland, having already secured the mini-
program authorization in 2024. This represents not only an important part of the Group’s deployment of the “Game Matrix
of Jin Yong Martial Arts (金庸武俠) IPs”, but also a key implementation of the strategy of “Premium Major IPs and Multi-
terminals Layout”. Currently, the Group’s pipeline of Jin Yong Martial Arts IP games includes, among others, “The Smiling
Proud Wanderer: The Legend of Heroes” (《笑傲江湖:群俠傳》) and “The Legend of the Condor Heroes: Mount Hua Sword
Duel” (《新射鵰之華山論劍》).

Our pipeline of new game products is robust with diversified genre coverage. The fighting ARPG mobile game “Space
Hunter • Awakening” (《時空獵人 • 覺醒》) based on the IP “Space Hunter” (「時空獵人」), swiftly topped the iOS Free List
after its launch in July 2026. The martial arts MMO mobile game “Yulgang: Awakening” (《熱血江湖:覺醒》), developed based
on the “Yulgang” (熱血江湖) IP, has officially launched the open beta testing. Meanwhile, we have multiple pipeline products
poised for imminent release, including “Soul Land: Legend of Evil Slayer” 《斗羅大陸:誅邪傳說》
                                                                          (                     ), “Legend of King 2” 《王
                                                                                                                      (
者傳奇2》), “Blue Moon Dragon Slayer” (《藍月屠龍》) and “Dreamscape Warrior” (《夢境勇士》), which will be progressively
brought to market in an orderly manner to continuously enrich our content landscape and build strong momentum for future
performance growth.

Deepening the Game Going-Global Strategy, Steady Progress in Global Distribution
The Group has firmly advanced its game going-global strategy, adhering to the operational strategy of “global distribution +
local cultural adaptation”. We have continued to integrate the core resources and professional capabilities of our overseas
teams, committed to building a globally influential gaming ecosystem platform. Multiple products including “Yulgang” (《熱血
江湖》), “Anh Hùng BấtDiệt” (《英雄沒有閃》) and “X-Hero” (《英雄戰紀》) have delivered impressive performances in overseas
markets, and game going-global has become an important growth engine for the Group.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   3
    Letter to Shareholders

    Full Integration of AI, Technology-Driven Quality and Efficiency Enhancement
    Artificial intelligence is no longer merely a concept, but has been practically integrated into the daily operations of the
    Group, becoming a core productive force for quality and efficiency enhancement. The Group has fully implemented its “AI +
    Game” strategy, leveraging its self-developed intelligent placement and analytics systems “Luoshu” (洛書) and “Hetu” (河圖
    ), together with the “X intelligent platform”, to build a full-lifecycle AI technology foundation covering operations, distribution,
    data analytics and R&D. This has advanced the scalable and systematic deployment of AI applications, comprehensively
    enhancing the Group’s business efficiency and operational quality.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group officially launched “Tanwan Xiaoxia” (貪玩小蝦), a localized omnichannel intelligent
    agent assistant. Built upon advanced large language models and multimodal technologies, this system establishes an
    independent AI operating environment and data security isolation mechanism. It provides each employee with a dedicated
    AI Agent to connect daily workflows and effectively improve the Group’s overall collaboration and operational efficiency.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group launched the “AI Efficiency Co-Creation Competition” (AI提 效 共 創 大 賽) to
    encourage all employees to create and share AI skills. This has helped build a continuously evolving internal AI-sharing
    ecosystem and form a complete closed loop of efficiency enhancement and empowerment, laying a solid foundation in
    talent development and practical use cases for the scalable implementation and regular iteration of the Group’s AI strategy.

    Strong Capital Market Recognition, Successful Bond Issuance and MSCI Inclusion
    In January 2026, the Group successfully completed the issuance of HK$468 million zero-coupon convertible bonds. The
    initial conversion premium reflected investors’ confidence in the future share price of Tanwan Inc. The proceeds will be
    exclusively allocated to strategic deployment and investments in AI-related industries. The zero-coupon structure not only
    reduces financing costs, but also provides strong support for our “AI + Game” strategy.

    In February 2026, the Group was officially included in the MSCI China Small Cap Index constituents. This adjustment
    signifies the international capital markets’ strong recognition of the Company’s corporate governance, operational quality
    and growth potential, and will further optimize our investor structure, enhance share liquidity and raise international visibility.

    Delivering on Commitments Through Action, Continued Share Repurchases Demonstrate Confidence
    In terms of shareholder returns, from the announcement of the Company’s share repurchase plan in May 2025 up to
    the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has cumulatively repurchased 16,266,800 shares at an average price of
    approximately HK$14.30 per share, with a total repurchase amount exceeding HK$233 million. The management will
    continue to closely monitor market dynamics and share price performance, and will proceed with further repurchases at
    appropriate times in light of the funding position, firmly safeguarding the Company’s value and shareholders’ interests.

    The Company’s fundamentals remain sound, and all business operations are progressing in an orderly manner. We are
    confident about the future and will continue to repay each trust with solid operating results, and to communicate openly with
    the market through transparent and timely information disclosure.




4   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders

Expanding into the New AI Short Drama Track, Opening a New Narrative for Tanwan’s IPs
In 2026, the Group began expanding into the AI comic dramas and short dramas sectors. This represents our proactive
exploration of combining the narrative capability of our game brand IPs with AI technology. By leveraging AI technology
to efficiently generate high-quality and high-engagement video content, we transform it into immersive short dramas and
dynamic comics more efficiently. Supported by our self-developed placement and analytics system, we can conduct precise
analyses of our placement strategies to achieve intelligent matching and precise distribution of materials. We organically
integrate game-related materials from our core business into short drama content, using narrative-driven approaches to
empower game user acquisition and achieve two-way synergy between content and traffic. Through this series of strategic
initiatives, a complete business system of “in-house production + self-distribution” has been constructed, aiming to provide
users with a richer and more diversified pan-entertainment content experience, broaden content monetization pathways,
and build an IP ecosystem with greater imaginative scope and commercial value.

Grateful for the Journey Together, Embarking on a New Chapter
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all the Directors and
employees for their efforts and contributions. At the same time, I would like to sincerely thank all Shareholders, customers
and business partners for their full trust and firm support.

Looking ahead, Tanwan will continue to uphold its long-termism philosophy. At the intersection of the classic and the
innovative, the local and the global, technology and humanity, we will respond to expectations through action and write a
longer chapter through the construction of a sustainable ecosystem.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   5
    Key Highlights

    FINANCIAL SUMMARY
    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss


                                                             For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                         2026             2025
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                   (unaudited)       (unaudited)

    Revenue                                                         1,883,486         2,004,579
    Gross profit                                                    1,001,382         1,213,646
    Profit before tax                                                 282,599           784,867
    Profit for the period                                             213,251           649,596



    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)           (audited)

    Non-current assets                                              1,812,649         2,180,078
    Current assets                                                  5,765,721         5,202,305
    Non-current liabilities                                           369,714           322,194
    Current liabilities                                             2,859,642         2,774,964
    Total Equity                                                    4,349,014         4,285,225




6   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
1.    Industry Overview
      According to the China Gaming Industry Report from January to June 2026 (《2026年1–6月中國遊戲產業報告》) jointly
      released by the Game Publishing Committee of China Audio-video and Digital Publishing Association (中國音數協遊戲
      工委) and the Expert Committee on Game Industry Research (遊戲產業研究專家委員會), from January to June 2026,
      the actual sales revenue of Chinese domestic gaming market was RMB188.45 billion, representing a YoY increase of
      12.17%; the number of game users in China reached 684 million, representing a YoY increase of 0.82%.

      In 2026, the normalization and standardization of game publication numbers approvals were further consolidated.
      From January to June 2026, the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署) issued a total of 950
      game publication numbers, comprising 917 domestic games and 33 imported games. In terms of supply structure,
      the industry currently exhibits three key characteristics: an increasingly standardized approval process, a notable
      increase in the frequency of approvals for imported games, and a continuous rise in the proportion of approvals for
      sub-categories such as casual and puzzle games, indicating a clear trend of supply-side structural optimization in the
      gaming industry.

      On March 13, 2026, the Outline of the 15th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the
      People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國國民經濟和社會發展第十五個五年規劃綱要》) (the “Outline”) was
      officially issued. The Outline proposes to transform and upgrade traditional cultural industries, promote the integration
      of culture and technology, and advance the digital and intelligent empowerment and informatization transformation
      of cultural development. It calls for the development of new cultural formats such as digital animation, immersive
      performances, online broadcasting, short videos, and micro-dramas, while guiding the healthy development of online
      literature, online games, and online audio-visual content. At the same time, the Outline encourages cultural enterprises
      to pursue international operations, promotes the global expansion of high-quality online literature, online games, film
      and television animation, and premium exhibitions, and strengthens the construction of key bases for international
      communication and national cultural export bases.

2.    Main Strategies and Business Overview of the Company
      With “Get back your playful youth time” as its brand aspiration and “Create joy to end-users and empower our
      business partners in the digital era” as its corporate mission, the Group is dedicated to becoming an AI-driven
      enterprise that brings delight to users and delivers premium services to game developers in the era of “AI + Game”.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved a revenue of RMB1,883.5 million (same period in 2025: RMB2,004.6
      million). The net profit of the Group for the period was RMB213.3 million (same period in 2025: RMB649.6 million).

      The overseas business revenue was RMB351.9 million, representing a YoY increase of 12.2% compared to RMB313.5
      million in the same period of 2025, accounting for 18.7% of total revenue, representing an increase by 3.1 percentage
      points from 15.6% in the same period of 2025.

2.1   Game Business
      The Group adopts a “self-operation + co-operation” dual-engine business model, anchoring its game product
      system in “refinement, diversification, globalization, and long-term operation”. By leveraging an AI-empowered major
      IP strategy, the Group maximizes game value through high-quality content, diversified deployment, global market
      penetration and long-term operation.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

           In terms of product deployment, the Group has primarily adopted a multi-platform distribution strategy encompassing
           mobile games and mini-programs, thereby establishing a multi-dimensional game distribution network with
           interconnected platforms, multi-regional coverage and comprehensive user reach. In terms of market coverage,
           the Group takes the domestic market as its foundation while proactively expanding overseas markets, continuously
           enhancing the global recognition and influence of game IPs.

           The Group’s operated and reserved major IPs include classic top-tier IPs such as “Legend” (傳奇), “Yulgang” (熱血江
           湖) and “MU” (奇蹟MU), as well as premium IPs such as “Soul Land” (斗羅大陸), “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils” (天
           龍八部), “The Smiling Proud Wanderer” (笑傲江湖), the “Condor Trilogy” (射鵰三部曲) and “Dragon Nest” (龍之谷).

    2.1.1 Classic IPs: Revitalized Through Iteration to Transcend Generations
           The Group continuously cultivates the value of classic IPs. Through iteration, upgrades and content innovation, it
           has refined these classic IPs into long-lifecycle quality games. During the Reporting Period, the Group operated and
           promoted top-tier classic IPs including “Legend”, “Yulgang” and “MU”.

           “Legend” is one of the most influential super IPs in the history of China’s online game development and also one of the
           client-game IPs with the highest revenue output in the country. The core products under the “Legend” IP operated by
           the Group have entered a mature operational phase, while gross billings growth has moderated, the baseline remains
           stable. Users of “Legend” game series exhibit high loyalty and strong willingness to pay, demonstrating robust long-
           term operational capabilities. The Group continuously explores new value for the IP through technological innovation,
           injecting sustained vitality into these classic IPs. Currently, the main products operated by the Group include “Legend
           of Origin” 《原始傳奇》
                      (            ), “City of Dragontrail” 《龍跡之城》
                                                            (             ), “Legend of Guyun 2” 《古雲傳奇2》
                                                                                                 (            ) and “Original Attack”
          (《原始合擊》). In terms of reserve products, the large-scale MMORPG games like “Legend of King 2” (《王者傳奇2》),
           “Blue Moon Dragon Slayer” (《藍月屠龍》) are advancing in an orderly manner.

           “Yulgang Online” 《熱血江湖Online》
                             (                  ) was launched in 2005 by a South Korean company Mgame Co., Ltd.. With its
           lighthearted and humorous martial arts style, distinctive character settings, and rich gameplay, the game attracted a large
           number of players, becoming a phenomenal martial arts IP during the golden age of Chinese online games. The Group
           has released multiple “Yulgang” IP mobile products, including “All People’s Jianghu” (《全民江湖》), “Yulgang: Return” (《熱
           血江湖:歸來》) and “Yulgang: Awakening” 《熱血江湖:覺醒》(                   ). Among them, “Yulgang: Return” has achieved remarkable
           overseas performance: in South Korea, it topped the App Store Free List at No.1; in Thailand, it swept the Free Lists across
           Google Play, App Store, and LDPlayer, achieving No.1 on all fronts; in the Taiwan region of China, it grabbed the Top One
           spot on the App Store Free List and Top Two spot on the Top-Grossing List, demonstrating strong global appeal and brand
           momentum.

           “Yulgang: Awakening” has officially commenced the open beta testing on July 31, 2026. The game retains the original
           Q-style martial arts aesthetics, classic class system and martial arts world view. Meanwhile, it has been optimized and
           upgraded in aspects such as character progression, equipment systems and mobile control experience to meet the
           current demands of mobile game users, thereby injecting new vitality into the sustainable development of the classic IP
           in the mobile game market.

           “MU” 《奇蹟MU》
                 (            ) was a milestone MMORPG game product developed by a South Korean company Webzen Inc. (網
           禪公司) in 2002. In recent years, the “MU” IP has been continuously innovating, expanding from client-based games to
           a diversified product matrix encompassing web games and mobile games with multiple derivative products achieving
           remarkable success in the market and impressive gross billings. The Group has launched game products such as “MU:
           Dragon Havoc” 《神兵奇蹟》
                            (             ) and “New Moon Continent” 《新月大陸》
                                                                      (           ) domestically, and “MU: Dragon Havoc” 《奇
                                                                                                                         (
           蹟MU:無限金蛋》) and “MU: Classic Battle” (《奇蹟MU:經典之戰》) overseas, with distribution covering the Hong Kong
           SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region, Southeast Asia, Europe and America.




8   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis

2.1.2 Premium IPs: Unlocking Value, Creating Diversified Premium Products
      To implement the diversification strategy, the Group actively introduces “diverse + premium” major IPs to build a
      diversified IP matrix that crosses themes, categories and demographics, thereby expanding its diversified business
      ecosystem landscape. In IP chain deployment, the Group establishes deep collaborations with IP licensors and game
      developers through capital investment, joint development and technology empowerment, unlocking IP value to create
      diversified premium games. In terms of thematic domains, premium IPs span diverse categories, including open-world,
      Chinese-style martial arts, simulation management and casual competition.

      During the Reporting Period, premium IPs operated, promoted and reserved by the Group include “Space Hunter”
      (時空獵人), “Soul Land” (斗羅大陸) and “Dragon Nest” (龍之谷), as well as “Jin Yong Martial Arts” (金庸武俠) series
      encompassing “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils” (天龍八部), “The Smiling Proud Wanderer” (笑傲江湖) and the
      “Condor Trilogy” (射鵰三部曲).

      Among these, as of the date of this report, “Space Hunter • Awakening” 《( 時空獵人•覺醒》), a 2.5D HD fighting ARPG
      mobile game developed based on the “Space Hunter” IP, has been launched. It has deployed a tiered influencer matrix
      featuring bespoke collaborative gameplay modes tailored to vertical, competitive, and pan-entertainment audience
      segments. Concurrently, the “Awakening Night” (覺醒之夜) open-beta live streaming mega-event was orchestrated to
      amplify market buzz, achieving the remarkable result of topping the iOS Free Chart.

      The open-world large-scale 3D game “Soul Land: Legend of Evil Slayer” (《斗羅大陸:誅邪傳說》), developed based
      on the “Soul Land” IP, has commenced its fifth round of testing, with simultaneous availability on both Android and
      PC platforms. Drawing on in-depth player feedback from previous tests, the fifth testing version has made further
      strides toward a “truly free” Soul Land open world across every dimension, from the martial soul system, realm
      breakthroughs, world view narrative, onboarding experience, scene expansion, and combat gameplay to graphical
      performance.

2.1.3 Mini-Program Games: Lightweight Breakthroughs and New Growth Curves for Games
      According to estimates by DataEye Research Institute, China’s mini-game market continues to maintain high-speed
      growth and is projected to exceed RMB74.5 billion in 2026, representing a YoY increase of over 22%.(1)

      The deployment in the mini-program games sector has become a critical component of the Group’s diversified
      game product matrix. Leveraging mature game distribution and operational experience, the Group deeply integrates
      the strengths of IP games with the lightweight nature of mini-program games. By fully utilizing the game publishing
      and operational advantages in mobile games, the Group has adapted classic IPs such as “Legend”, “Yulgang” and
      “MU” into lightweight versions, launching mini-program editions including “City of Dragontrail”, “Legend of Origin”,
      “All People’s Jianghu” and “MU: Dragon Havoc”. This has successfully achieved cross-platform user migration and
      pioneered new growth trajectories. Concurrently, the Group actively deploys emerging categories of mini-program
      games such as casual competition, match-three, tower defense and martial arts. By leveraging the social fission
      features of mini-program platforms like WeChat, Douyin, Alipay and Huawei for rapid user acquisition, the Group has
      launched multiple mini-program games products, including “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2: Flying Dragon Battles
      against the Heavens” (《天龍八部2：飛龍戰天》) and “Tiny Troopers” (《小兵大作戰》).




(1)   Source: DataEye 2026 H1 Mini-Game User Acquisition Data Report (《2026上半年小遊戲買量數據報告》)

                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     2.1.4 Diversified Innovation Tracks: Boundary Expansion and Unbounded Players
            While cultivating classic IPs and introducing premium IPs, the Group also actively explores innovative breakthroughs in
            emerging gaming tracks. Since 2024, the Group has successively launched new products in fields such as simulation
            games (SLG), simulation management, cards, tower defense and casual fusion RPG. Among these: “Tiny Troopers”,
            a multi-player fast-paced casual competitive game, has maintained continuous version updates since its launch in
            2024, boasting a long-term lifecycle far exceeding that of most short-cycle mini-games, with a maturing retention
            and monetization system; High-Energy Treasure Hunters (《高能探寶團》), a quirky Chinese-style Q-card mobile game
            featuring a Three Kingdoms theme, commenced the open beta testing across all platforms on June 25, 2026.

     2.1.5 Collaboration with Overseas Brand Game Lovin to Build a Globally Influential Gaming Ecosystem Platform
            The Group implements the dual engines of “global distribution + local cultural adaptation”, coupled with
            comprehensive coordination through overseas KOL cultivation and deep community collaborations, to build a
            globalized game distribution ecosystem. As of June 30, 2026, the Group has successfully distributed and operated
            over 30 multilingual games in 11 different language versions across multiple international markets, including Southeast
            Asia, the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region, Japan, South Korea, Europe and America. Several
            game products have achieved outstanding rankings on top list, such as “Anh Hùng BấtDiệt” (《英雄沒有閃》Thailand,
            Vietnam), “ ルミナアビス：光と闇を紡ぐ少女たち ” (《愛琳詩篇》Japan), “Legend of Origin” (South Korea), “Super
            World” (《超能世界》Vietnam), “Stickman G0” (《超元氣火柴人》Europe and America), “Blooded Attack” (South Korea),
            “All People’s Jianghu” (the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam),
            “Yulgang: Return” (South Korea, Thailand), “MU: Dragon Havoc” (Europe, America, Brazil, Thailand, Vietnam), which
            topped Best-Selling List on iOS and Google Play in global markets.

            Additionally, the Group has more than ten overseas game reserves, including “The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2:
            Flying Dragon Battles against the Heavens” (to be launched in Thailand and Vietnam), “Seal: Back to Shiltz” (《希望之
            啟航》, to be launched globally), “Yulgang: Legend” (《熱血江湖傳》to be launched in Vietnam, Europe and America),
            “Tam Quốc: Tranh Bá Thiên Hạ” (《偃武》, to be launched in Vietnam), “Immortal Oracle” (《不朽箴言》, to be launched
            in Southeast Asia) etc.

            Since the Group upgraded its overseas brand to “Game Lovin”, it has integrated core resources and professional
            capabilities of overseas teams to build a more competitive international operation framework. With its “global
            cross-expansion” market development strategy driven by dual wheels of innovation and localized operations, the
            Group will continuously expand into key markets including Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea, Europe, the United
            States and the Middle East, committed to building a globally influential gaming ecosystem platform.

     2.2    AI-Empowered Game
            During the Reporting Period, the Group continuously advanced the strategic upgrade of “AI + Game”. By deeply
            integrating artificial intelligence into the entire business chain of game publishing, operations, and research and
            development, the Group achieved comprehensive improvements in overall business efficiency and operational quality.
            With the iterative upgrades to its proprietary technology system and the establishment of a company-wide AI capability
            framework as its dual core, the Group continuously unlocked the empowering value of AI technology, consolidated its
            core competitive advantages, and facilitated the Group’s quality enhancement and efficiency improvement.




10   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

2.2.1 Deep AI Empowerment Across the Entire Business Chain, Achieving Efficiency Innovation and Value Leap
    During the Reporting Period, leveraging its proprietary “Luoshu” Intelligent Placement System and “Hetu” Intelligence
    Analytics System, the Group comprehensively upgraded its content creation production, data analytics and traffic
    operations systems. In creative production, the Group established a dedicated AI agent workflow. Through AI
    technology, it achieved automated generation and iterative optimization of game promotional materials, creative
    designs and marketing copy. This significantly shortened the content production cycle, enriched creative dimensions
    and improved output quality, transforming the traditional labor-intensive mass-production model. In traffic delivery,
    based on the User Lifetime Value (LTV) prediction model and intelligent dynamic tuning algorithms, the Group achieved
    unified management of multi-channel advertising resources, real-time traffic allocation and precise tiered delivery,
    effectively reducing marketing trial-and-error costs. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the comprehensive AI ad
    penetration rate reached 80%, and overall placement efficiency increased by over 70%, significantly enhancing its
    refined publishing and intelligent marketing capabilities.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group officially launched “Tanwan Xiaoxia”, a localized omnichannel intelligent agent
    assistant. Built upon advanced large language models and multimodal technologies, “Tanwan Xiaoxia” establishes
    an independent AI operating environment and data security isolation mechanism. It features an enterprise-level AI
    knowledge base and a comprehensive management interface, providing each employee with a dedicated AI Agent
    configured by role, thereby comprehensively enhancing the Group’s information flow efficiency and overall operational
    effectiveness.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group launched an internal skills platform “TW Agent Hub”, which provides each
    employee with a Token quota, to encourage employees to learn and develop new AI skills, as well as share their
    skills, exchange user experiences, and address questions, thereby enhancing overall work efficiency. In addition, the
    Group launched the “AI Efficiency Co-Creation Competition” to build an AI creation ecosystem with full-employee
    participation and technology sharing. Leveraging the Group’s unified AI platform, every employee is encouraged to
    independently publish diverse skills, covering high-quality workflows, standardized prompt, business-assist scripts and
    scenario-based intelligent tools. The submitted entries support efficient cross-departmental reuse, flexible invocation
    and collaborative iteration, breaking down information silos. This fully stimulated the enthusiasm and creative potential
    of all employees in AI application, driving the standardized precipitation, systematic integration and scalable replication
    of frontline business experience, operational methods and scenario insights within the organization. “Tanwan Xiaoxia”
    has become a company-wide and continuously evolving intelligent collaboration foundation, assisting the Group in
    constructing a complete AI value loop that drives internal efficiency and external empowerment.

    The Group continues to drive high-quality operations with AI technology, comprehensively translating technological
    advantages into operational benefits. Relying on the “X intelligent platform” and the “Hetu” and “Luoshu” intelligent
    analysis and placement systems to monitor core operating indicators in real time, and combined with data agents
    to achieve in-depth insights into marketing effectiveness, forecasting of business trends, and scientific decision-
    making support, the Company has realized the precise allocation of marketing resources and the refined control over
    placement expenses.

2.2.2 Forward-looking Deployment in the AI Industry Ecosystem to Build a Dual-engine Growth Landscape of
      Organic Growth + External Expansion
    The Group values the long-term development opportunities in the AI sector and adheres to a differentiated
    development approach of “internal technology self-research for efficiency enhancement + external industrial value
    investment”. While deepening the empowerment of internal AI scenarios and consolidating its organic growth
    capabilities, the Group continues to advance its external industrial deployment, identifying quality investment targets
    along the AI industry chain, optimizing its asset allocation structure, and broadening its long-term growth potential.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

            The Company has completed the issuance of HK$468 million zero-coupon convertible bonds, with the proceeds
            specifically designated for strategic investment in the AI industry and technology ecosystem deployment. Following the
            strategic investment in Hangzhou Jiyi Artificial Intelligence Technology Company Limited (杭州極逸人工智能科技有限
            公司), which possesses a gaming vertical large model (SOON), the Group has successively invested in quality targets
            including Moore Threads, Victory Giant Technology (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. (勝宏科技(惠州)股份有限公司) and Beijing Sanqi
            Wanwu Technology Co., Ltd. (VAST) (北京三啟萬物科技有限公司). The investment targets cover key areas including
            AI core chip design, computing power infrastructure, AI applications and digital entertainment, which are highly aligned
            with the Group’s core business sectors and share synergistic industrial logic.

            With AI sector investment as its core starting point, the Group strictly adheres to market-oriented investment
            principles. Through a diversified and decentralized allocation of AI industry targets, the Company aims to seize the
            opportunities presented by the iterative upgrading of the artificial intelligence industry, enhance the Company’s
            investment returns and overall asset value, and provide effective supplementation to the Group’s mid-to-long-term
            stable operations and value growth.

     2.3    AI Short Dramas: Expanding New Scenarios in Digital Entertainment
            During the Reporting Period, the Group accurately grasped the market demand for short dramas and actively
            expanded into the AI short drama track, leveraging its experience in content marketing. The Group has continuously
            released works of diverse genres across multiple platforms, with several works achieving popularity reaching over ten
            million. The core business covers two main directions: AI live-action short dramas and AI comic dramas. Built upon a
            vertical model for short dramas as its technological foundation, the Group has standardized the production process
            into stages such as script parsing, storyboard generation, asset generation, and dynamic composition, thereby
            realizing standardized and mass production. Meanwhile, our editing team exercises aesthetic control over art, pacing,
            and narrative to ensure the creativity and quality of the final products. In connection with the promotion and operation
            of AI short dramas, the Group has leveraged its proprietary AI-driven content delivery analysis system to facilitate
            automated matching and targeted distribution of creative assets based on different platform mechanisms and user
            portraits, which has effectively bolstered both content penetration efficiency and conversion rates. The Company has
            not only expanded into AI short dramas production, but also further extended its presence into the promotion and
            distribution of such content, establishing an integrated “in-house production + self-distribution” business model for AI
            short dramas, with a view to capturing emerging opportunities in this rapidly developing sector.

     2.4    Integration of Games with New Consumption
            Our accumulated end-user insights enable us to identify additional needs of end-users. The Group’s new consumption
            segment encompasses the fast food empowered by the content we created or marketed. In 2020, the Group launched
            the fast food brand “ZAZA GRAY” (渣渣灰), pioneering a tripartite business model integrating “gaming + agricultural
            assistance + new consumption”. We believe that the brand recognition gained from marketing and operating game
            products among end-users will facilitate business progress in the fast food sector. Through online live streaming
            and offline supermarket sales, we achieved deep integration between the digital economy and the real economy.
            Concurrently, by establishing direct procurement supply chains in collaboration with rural revitalization production
            zones, we explored sustainable rural revitalization models.




12   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

3.    Shareholder Return and Refinancing
3.1   Stick to the Commitment of Shareholder Return and Steadily Advance Share Repurchase
      The Company has consistently prioritized shareholders’ interests as our core mission, dedicated to enhancing
      corporate value, optimizing capital structure and sharing growth dividends with investors. The Company has
      steadfastly advanced our share repurchase to demonstrate the management’s unwavering confidence in the
      Company’s value and long-term development through concrete actions. During the Reporting Period, the Company
      cumulatively repurchased 4,250,000 shares at an average price of approximately HK$17.62 per share, for a total
      consideration of approximately HK$75.0 million, representing 0.8% of the Company’s total issued share capital. In
      the period from the launch of the share repurchase plan in May 2025 to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company
      has cumulatively repurchased 16,266,800 shares for a total transaction amount of approximately HK$233 million
      (excluding commission and other fees), equivalent to an average repurchase price of HK$14.30 per share.

3.2   International Capital Facilitates Strategic Upgrade of Zero-Coupon Convertible Bond Issuance
      On January 8, 2026, the Company completed the issuance of zero-coupon convertible bonds totaling HK$468 million.
      These bonds were fully subscribed by the internationally renowned investment management fund LMR Multi-Strategy
      Master Fund Limited. This successful issuance has introduced top-tier international strategic investors, significantly
      optimizing the Company’s shareholder structure and capital strength. The raised funds will be exclusively allocated to
      strategic deployment and investments in AI-related industries, providing long-term capital support for the Company’s
      comprehensive acceleration of the “AI + Game” strategy. Additionally, the proceeds from the convertible bond
      issuance will supplement the Company’s existing funding sources, helping to establish a more balanced and efficient
      capital structure. This will consolidate the Company’s financial position, enhance capital efficiency, and support the
      development of future core competitiveness.

4.    Outlook
      Relying on our global strategic layout, we will continue to deepen the competitiveness of our global distribution
      system. We will achieve cost reduction and efficiency improvement through refined user acquisition placement, drive
      overseas market breakthroughs through in-depth localized cultural adaptation, and accumulate user value through full
      life-cycle long-term operations, ensuring the long-term, steady, and sustainable growth of the Group’s business.

      Seizing the industry opportunities brought by the AI technological revolution, we are comprehensively promoting AI
      implementation. By leveraging AI technology to enhance operational efficiency and optimize user retention, we have
      currently achieved full-chain empowerment for core segments such as game R&D, content production, and player
      services. AI will not only drive the intelligent upgrade of gaming experiences, creating richer and more personalized
      experiences for players, but also open up new spaces for the Group’s long-term growth across multiple dimensions
      including cost reduction, efficiency improvement, and revenue generation. It will continuously strengthen our core
      competitiveness and enhance the Group’s overall profitability and long-term investment value.

       In terms of game pipeline, the Group has a rich and diversified pipeline of game products, including but not limited to
       the following blockbuster titles: “Soul Land” open-world games like “Soul Land: Legend of Evil Slayer” (《斗羅大陸：誅
       邪傳說》), “Legend” large-scale MMORPG games like “Legend of King 2” (《王者傳奇2》), “Blue Moon Dragon Slayer”
      (《藍月屠龍》), and “Jin Yong Martial Arts” themed games like “The Smiling Proud Wanderer: The Legend of Heroes”
      (《笑傲江湖：群俠傳》) and “The Legend of the Condor Heroes: Mount Hua Sword Duel” (《新射鵰之華山論劍》) and
       the RPG game like “Dreamscape Warrior” (《夢境勇士》). These meticulously crafted game products are poised for
       imminent release and will be launched sequentially as planned, further enriching the Group’s product matrix.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

             In terms of AI short dramas, the Group will continue to refine its topic selection and production processes with a
             view to enhancing its capacity for sustained delivery of premium content. In parallel, the Group will actively pursue
             the expansion of its short-drama APP platforms in overseas markets, explore global content distribution and localized
             operation models, and advance the in-depth integration of AI technology and creative content, so as to unlock new
             growth engines.


     Revenue

     Our revenue is generated primarily from (i) marketing and operating online games developed by game developers and other
     marketing business; and (ii) emerging consumer product business, primarily including sales of our private-label fast foods
     under the brand “ZAZA GRAY”.


     The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue both in absolute amount and as a percentage of our total
     revenue for the period indicated:


     (a.     By type)


                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30,
                                                                           2026                          2025
                                                                  (RMB’000)              %      (RMB’000)                     %
                                                                 (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)

     Online Game Publishing Business and Other
       Marketing Business

     Game products operated under the self-run model               1,270,987           67.5%         1,386,744            69.2%

     Game products operated under the joint-run model                558,202           29.6%           565,093            28.2%

     Others                                                            5,952             0.3%              427             0.0%


     Subtotal                                                      1,835,141           97.4%         1,952,264            97.4%

     Consumer Product Business                                        48,345             2.6%           52,315             2.6%


     Total                                                         1,883,486          100.0%         2,004,579          100.0%




14   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis

(b.     By geography)
                                                                                              For the Six Months Ended
                                                                                                       June 30,
                                                                                                     2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Chinese mainland                                                                                1,531,588               1,691,100

Hong Kong                                                                                         345,743                  312,284

Others                                                                                               6,155                    1,195


Total                                                                                           1,883,486               2,004,579


For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded revenue of RMB1,883.5 million, representing a decrease of
6.0% compared to RMB2,004.6 million for the same period in 2025.

The Group’s overall revenue decreased year-on-year, primarily attributable to the decline in revenue from game products
operated under the self-run model. This decline was mainly due to the natural decrease in gross billings from certain
existing domestic games that have entered the later stages of their life cycles, while partially offset by revenue growth from
overseas games.

In addition, the revenue from the Group’s self-owned games increased, although the newly signed games have not yet fully
realized their revenue contribution potential. The revenue generated from game products operated under the joint-run
model remained basically stable. During the Reporting Period, the Group added a new AI short drama business, driving
growth in revenue from other categories. Nevertheless, this business is still in its initial stage, and its revenue contribution is
expected to be gradually released. During the same period, the revenue from the Group’s consumer product business
remained basically stable.

Cost of Sales
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s cost of sales was RMB882.1 million, representing an increase of
11.5% compared to RMB790.9 million for the same period in 2025. Such change was primarily due to (i) the co-
amortization costs incurred by the Group for the establishment of dedicated game brand zones; and (ii) an increase in IP
royalty and R&D revenue-sharing costs associated with certain newly contracted proprietary games of the Group during the
Reporting Period.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s total gross profit was RMB1,001.4 million, representing a decrease
of 17.5% compared to RMB1,213.6 million for the same period in 2025. Such change was primarily due to the decrease in
overall revenue and the increase in costs of the Group during the Reporting Period.

Consequently, the Group’s gross profit margin for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was 53.2%, representing a
decrease of 7.3 percentage points compared to 60.5% for the same period in 2025.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Other Income and Gains
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s other income and gains were RMB 251.8 million, representing a
     decrease of 52.8% compared to RMB533.9 million for the same period in 2025, mainly due to the decrease in fair value
     gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) resulting from the decrease in the fair value of shares
     of other listed companies held by the Group.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses were RMB852.7 million (same
     period in 2025: RMB843.7 million), which remained basically stable compared to the same period last year. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group incurred customer acquisition costs in connection with the launch of its new game, “The
     Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils 2: Flying Dragon Battles against the Heavens”. However, this increase was partially offset by
     the absence of share-based compensation for sales personnel recorded during the Reporting Period.

     Administrative Expenses
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s administrative expenses were RMB74.6 million (same period in
     2025: RMB71.0 million), which remained basically stable compared to the same period last year.

     R&D Costs
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s R&D costs were RMB48.8 million (same period in 2025: RMB46.3
     million).

     Other Expenses
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s other expenses were RMB32.6 million, representing an increase of
     539.2% compared to RMB5.1 million for the same period in 2025, mainly due to (i) exchange losses arising from the
     fluctuation of HKD against USD and RMB resulting from the issuance of convertible bonds; (ii) an increase in issuance
     expenses for the convertible bonds; and (iii) impairment of intangible assets.

     Finance Costs
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s finance costs were RMB6.5 million, representing a decrease of
     15.6% compared to RMB7.7 million for the same period in 2025. This was mainly due to the decrease in the balance of the
     Group’s bills payable during the Reporting Period and the corresponding reduction in related financing cost, with both
     moving in the same direction.

     Share of Profits and Losses of Joint Ventures
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s share of profits and losses of joint ventures recorded a profit of
     RMB1.3 million, representing a decrease of 77.2% compared to RMB5.9 million for the same period in 2025. This change
     was mainly due to the decrease in profits recorded by our joint venture, Zhejiang Xuwan Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江旭玩科
     技有限公司).

     Share of Profits and Losses of Associates
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded a share of profits of associates of RMB10.9 million,
     representing an increase of 87.9% compared to RMB5.8 million for the same period in 2025. This change was mainly due
     to the increase in profits recorded by our associates, including Shanghai Dehan Technology Co., Ltd. (上海德寒科技有限公
     司).




16   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis

Profit Before Tax
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded a profit before tax of RMB282.6 million (same period in
2025: RMB784.9 million).

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our profit before tax for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                       For the
                                                                                                                   Six Months
                                                                                                               Ended June 30,
                                                                                                                         2026
                                                                                                                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)

Online Game Publishing Business and Other Marketing Business                                                              19,025

Consumer product business                                                                                                 (4,801)

Investments at FVTPL and Others                                                                                         268,375


Total                                                                                                                   282,599


Income Tax Expense
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded income tax expense of RMB69.3 million, representing a
decrease of 48.8% compared to RMB135.3 million for the same period in 2025. This change was mainly due to the change
in fair value of financial assets classified as FVTPL held by the Group.

Profit for the Period
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded a profit of RMB213.3 million, representing a decrease of
67.2% compared to RMB649.6 million for the same period in 2025. The decrease was primarily due to (i) the decrease in
fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL related to shares of listed companies held by the Group; and (ii) the decrease
in revenue which was due to the decrease in the game gross billings from certain existing domestic games that have
entered into the later stages of their life cycles.


Trade Receivables
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s net trade receivables were RMB215.6 million, representing a decrease of 2.6%
compared to RMB221.3 million as of December 31, 2025, which remained basically stable compared to the same period
last year.


Trade Payables
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s net trade payables were RMB416.8 million, representing a decrease of 7.6% compared
to RMB451.2 million as of December 31, 2025. The Group’s trade payables mainly represented amounts due to game
developers, and accordingly, the changes in trade payables were in line with the changes in the Group’s revenue.


Bills Payable
As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s bills payable were RMB1,103.0 million, representing a decrease of 15.4% compared to
RMB1,303.8 million as of December 31, 2025. The Group’s bills payable mainly represented bills due to game developers,
and accordingly, the changes in bills payable were in line with the changes in the Group’s revenue.

                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB694.1 million (December 31, 2025: RMB376.0
     million), representing cash and bank balance, net of restricted cash. Cash and cash equivalents were held in RMB,
     Singapore dollars, HK dollars, US dollars, Japanese yen and Euros. Going forward, the Group believes that its liquidity
     requirements will be satisfied by using a combination of cash generated from operating activities, funds raised from the
     capital markets from time to time and the net proceeds received from the Global Offering. The Group currently does not
     have any other plans for material additional external financing.


     Bank Borrowings
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had interest-bearing bank borrowings of RMB81.8 million (December 31, 2025: RMB34.4
     million). The Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings consisted of discounted bills provided by commercial banks to the Group,
     which were fully secured by pledges during the ordinary course of business and bore fixed interest rates. The interest-bearing
     bank borrowings were denominated in RMB and bore interests at rates ranging from 0.6% to 1.3% (2025: ranging from 1.0% to
     2.0%) per annum. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes at fixed interest rates during the
     Reporting Period.


     Convertible Bonds
     On January 8, 2026, the Company issued HK$468,000,000 zero coupon convertible bonds due 2027 under the general
     mandate (the “Convertible Bonds”). As of June 30, 2026, none of the convertible securities under the Convertible Bonds
     had been redeemed or exercised. On June 30, 2026, the balance of the Group’s convertible bonds recorded on the
     Group’s balance sheet was RMB389.7 million (December 31, 2025: Nil).


     Gearing Ratio

     The Group monitored its capital sufficiency using gearing ratio. As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s gearing ratio (total debt,
     including interest-bearing bank borrowings, lease liabilities and the Convertible Bonds, as a percentage of total equity as of
     the end of the relevant reporting period) was 0.12 (December 31, 2025: 0.02).


     Current Ratio

     As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s current ratio (total current assets divided by total current liabilities as of the end of the
     relevant reporting period) was 2.02 (December 31, 2025: 1.87).


     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

     As of June 30, 2026, the Group held an aggregate of RMB1,143.1 million of investments at fair value in Century Huatong,
     representing 15.1% of the Group’s total assets as of June 30, 2026. The Group directly held 81,072,600 shares in Century
     Huatong, representing approximately 1.1% of its total issued shares, and the investment cost was RMB623.3 million.
     During the Reporting Period, the accumulated unrealized fair value loss from such investment amounted to RMB257.1
     million. Dividends of RMB4.9 million was received from such investment during the Reporting Period. Century Huatong is
     primarily engaged in automobile components, internet game and artificial intelligence businesses. The Group’s investment
     in Century Huatong is for strengthening strategic alliance with a major player in the digital entertainment industry chain.




18   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis

As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s investment in the China Merchants Asset Management Jinglu FoF No. 53 Single Asset
Management Plan (the “Asset Management Plan”) (with China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. acting
as the manager and Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. acting as the custodian) measured at fair value
amounted to RMB1,722.2 million in aggregate, representing 22.7% of the Group’s total assets as of June 30, 2026. As of
June 30, 2026, the Asset Management Plan held interests in 3,325,166 shares of Moore Threads, representing
approximately 0.7% of its total issued shares of Moore Threads. The Group’s investment cost in the Asset Management
Plan was RMB390.5 million. During the Reporting Period, the accumulated unrealized fair value gains from such investment
amounted to RMB403.4 million. No dividend was received from such investment during the Reporting Period. Moore
Threads is primarily engaged in R&D, design and commercialization of graphics processing units (GPUs) and related
products. The Group’s investment in the Asset Management Plan aims to pursue wealth management objectives while
enhancing the Group’s strategic layout within the artificial intelligence ecosystem, given that artificial intelligence enterprises
tend to establish partnerships with entities that possess artificial intelligence-related investment portfolios or experience.


As of June 30, 2026, save for the disclosures set out above, the Group held no significant investments (including any
investments in target companies with a value equal to or exceeding 5% of the Group’s total assets).


For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.


Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
As of June 30, 2026, the Group had no specific plan for material investments and acquisition or disposal of capital assets.


Capital Expenditure
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the total capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB45.0 million (same
period in 2025: RMB4.8 million), primarily used for the payments for purchase of intangible assets.


Capital Commitments
Details of the capital commitments of the Group as of June 30, 2026 are set out in note 17 to the Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Information.


Contingent Liabilities
As of June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantees of any litigations or claims of
material importance, pending or threatened against any member of the Company.


Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging
The Group’s financial statements were expressed in RMB, but the Group undertook certain transactions in foreign
currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not hold any financial instruments
for hedging purposes. The Group manages its currency risks by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency
rates and considers hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Employee, Remuneration and Option Scheme
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had 1,110 employees (December 31, 2025: 1,239), all of whom were based in China. The
     total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was RMB94.6 million (same period
     in 2025: RMB131.0 million), representing a decrease of 27.8% compared to the same period last year. The change in the
     number of employees was primarily attributable to additional recruitment in connection with the Group’s expansion into the
     AI short drama business during the Reporting Period. The decrease in remuneration costs was mainly due to share-based
     compensation expenses recognised in the corresponding period of 2025, which were fully amortised in 2025.

     The Company compensates its employees with salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, equity-settled share payment
     expenses and pension scheme contributions. The Company determines employees’ compensation packages on the basis
     of work performance and the market standard of remuneration. The Company also makes sufficient provisions for its
     employees regarding the social insurance and housing provident fund contributions as required by the PRC laws and
     regulations.

     The Company has also adopted a pre-IPO share option plan to provide incentives for eligible participants who contribute to
     the success of the Group’s operations, including among others, employees of the Group. Please refer to the section
     headed “Statutory and General Information — D. Pre-IPO Share Option Plans” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for further
     details.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group did not experience any material labor disputes or strikes that may
     have a material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations, or any difficulty in recruiting
     employees.

     Charge on Assets
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had pledged time deposits of RMB1,004.0 million (December 31, 2025: RMB1,064.5
     million), as well as buildings and investment properties with a carrying amount of RMB59.8 million (December 31, 2025:
     RMB52.2 million), which had been acting as a security for the discounted bills and bills payable made available to the
     Group.




20   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                        Other Information

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company and their
associates in any of the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set out below:

Interest in Shares and underlying Shares
                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                                      shareholding in
Name of                                                                                                               the total issued
Director/chief                                                                                     Number of          share capital of
executive              Nature of interest                                                     ordinary shares            the Company

Mr. WU Xubo(1)(2)      Settlor of a discretionary trust;                                         277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
                         beneficiary of a trust; interest in controlled corporation(1)
                       Beneficial interest(2)                                                      4,255,157(L)                   0.80%(L)
Ms. WU Xuan(3)         Settlor of a discretionary trust;                                          38,487,000(L)                   7.20%(L)
                         beneficiary of a trust; interest in controlled corporation(3)

(L)   denotes a long position

Notes:

(1)   Mr. WU Xubo is interested in 277,473,800 Shares through WXB BVI 2, which is owned by WXB BVI 1 and WXB Holdco as to 50.0%
      and 50.0%, respectively. WxLand Trust was established by Mr. WU Xubo as the settlor and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee.
      WxLand Trust is a discretionary trust and its beneficiaries are Mr. WU Xubo and WXB BVI 1. Mr. WU Xubo is also a director of each
      of WXB BVI 1 and WXB BVI 2. WXB BVI 2 holds 264,263,000 Shares of the Company directly. In addition, 13,210,800 Shares were
      repurchased by the Company and held as treasury Shares as of June 30, 2026. Since Mr. Wu Xubo indirectly controls one-third
      or more of the voting power through WXB BVI 2 at the Company’s general meetings, he and WXB BVI 2 are also taken to have an
      interest in such 13,210,800 treasury Shares of the Company under SFO.

(2)   Mr. WU Xubo was granted options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan on November 16, 2022, March 16, 2023, March 31, 2023,
      June 30, 2023, July 31, 2023 and September 7, 2023 to subscribe for 3,819,592 Shares, 61,855 Shares, 10,309 Shares, 167,525
      Shares, 41,237 Shares and 154,639 Shares, respectively.

(3)   Ms. WU Xuan held her Shares through WxZela International Ltd, which is wholly-owned by Zela Holding Limited, and is in turn
      wholly-owned by WxZela Trust. WxZela Trust is a discretionary trust established by Ms. WU Xuan (as settlor) for the benefit of WxZela
      Holding Limited, a BVI company wholly-owned by Ms. WU Xuan, and is managed by Hanssen Trust Limited (“Hanssen Trust”). Ms.
      WU Xuan is also a director of each of WxZela International Ltd and Zela Holding Limited.




                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   21
     Other Information

     Interest in Associated Corporation
                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                   Number of         percentage of
     Name of                                                                                  ordinary shares      shareholding in
     Director/chief                                                                         (registered share       the associated
     executive                   Nature of interest        Associated Corporation              capital (RMB))          corporation

     Mr. WU Xubo                 Interest in controlled    Jiangxi Tanwan                          4,550,000(L)            45.50%(L)
                                   corporation(1)
                                 Beneficial Owner(1)                                                 635,260(L)             6.35%(L)
     Ms. WU Xuan                 Interest in controlled    Jiangxi Tanwan                          1,164,740(L)            11.65%(L)
                                   corporation(2)
                                 Beneficial Owner(2)                                                 300,000(L)             3.00%(L)

     (L)    denotes a long position

     Notes:

     (1)    Mr. WU Xubo held approximately 6.35% equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan directly. Shangrao Hongbang Enterprise Management
            Center (Limited Partnership) (上饒縣宏邦企業管理中心 (有限合夥)), the general partner of which is Mr. WU Xubo, held 45.50% equity
            interests in Jiangxi Tanwan.

     (2)    Ms. WU Xuan held 3.00% equity interests in Jiangxi Tanwan directly. Shangrao Qichuang Enterprise Management Center (Limited
            Partnership) (上饒市齊創企業管理中心 (有限合夥)), the general partner of which is Ms. WU Xuan, held approximately 11.65% equity
            interests in Jiangxi Tanwan.


     As of June 30, 2026, save as disclosed above, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executive of the Company,
     none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
     Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which (a)
     were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (b) were required,
     pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




22   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                        Other Information

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES
As of June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, the persons who held interests and/or short positions in the Shares
or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO,
are set out below:

                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                       shareholding in
                                                                                                   Number of           the total issued
Name of Shareholder                   Nature of interest                                      Ordinary Shares             share capital

Mr. WU Xubo(1)(2)                     Settlor of a discretionary trust; beneficiary of a         277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
                                        trust; interest in a controlled corporation(1)
                                      Beneficial interest(2)                                       4,255,157(L)                  0.80%(L)
WXB BVI 2(1)                          Beneficial interest                                        277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
WXB BVI 1(1)                          Interest in a controlled corporation                       277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
WXB Holdco(1)                         Interest in a controlled corporation                       277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(1)                  Trustee of a trust                                         277,473,800(L)                 51.92%(L)
Ms. WU Xuan(3)                        Settlor of a discretionary trust; beneficiary of a          38,487,000(L)                  7.20%(L)
                                        trust; interest in controlled corporation(3)
WxZela International Ltd(3)           Beneficial interest                                         38,487,000(L)                  7.20%(L)
Zela Holding Limited(3)               Interest in a controlled corporation                        38,487,000(L)                  7.20%(L)
Hanssen Trust(4)                      Trustee of a trust                                          63,487,000(L)                 11.88%(L)

(L)   denotes a long position

Notes:

(1)   As far as the Directors know, as of June 30, 2026, Mr. WU Xubo is interested in 277,473,800 Shares through WXB BVI 2, which is
      owned by WXB BVI 1 and WXB Holdco as to 50.0% and 50.0%, respectively. WxLand Trust was established by Mr. WU Xubo as
      the settlor and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee. WxLand Trust is a discretionary trust and its beneficiaries are Mr. WU Xubo and
      WXB BVI 1. WXB BVI 2 holds 264,263,000 Shares of the Company directly. In addition, 13,210,800 Shares were repurchased by the
      Company and held as treasury Shares as of June 30, 2026. Since the Controlling Shareholders controlled one-third or more of the
      voting power at the Company’s general meetings, each of the Controlling Shareholders and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is also taken to have
      an interest in such 13,210,800 treasury Shares of the Company under SFO. However, according to the records kept in the register
      maintained under section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, WXB BVI 2, WXB BVI 1, WXB Holdco and TMF (Cayman) Ltd.
      hold 272,619,800 Shares of the Company.

(2)   Mr. WU Xubo was granted options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan on November 16, 2022, March 16, 2023, March 31, 2023,
      June 30, 2023, July 31, 2023 and September 7, 2023 to subscribe for 3,819,592 Shares, 61,855 Shares, 10,309 Shares, 167,525
      Shares, 41,237 Shares and 154,639 Shares, respectively.

(3)   Ms. WU Xuan held her Shares through WxZela International Ltd, which is wholly-owned by Zela Holding Limited, and is in turn wholly
      owned by WxZela Trust. WxZela Trust is a discretionary trust established by Ms. WU Xuan (as settlor) for the benefit of WxZela
      Holding Limited, a BVI company wholly-owned by Ms. WU Xuan, and is managed by Hanssen Trust.

(4)   Hanssen Trust serves as the trustee of the relevant trust. Among them, 38,487,000 shares are held by WxZela International Ltd,
      which is ultimately held by Ms. Wu Xuan as the relevant trust grantor. 25,000,000 shares are held by W.xH International Ltd, which is
      controlled by an employee of the Company as the relevant trust grantor.


As of June 30, 2026, save as disclosed above, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company are not aware of
any other person (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in
the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO; or as recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   23
     Other Information

     DILUTION EFFECT OF THE CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     On January 8, 2026, the Company issued the HK$468 million zero-coupon convertible bonds due 2027 (“Convertible
     Bonds”). For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated January 8, 2026.

     As of June 30, 2026, none of the convertible securities under the Convertible Bonds had been redeemed or exercised.
     Assuming all outstanding Convertible Bonds were converted as at June 30, 2026, the dilutive impact on the then number of
     issued Shares of the Company and the respective shareholdings of the substantial Shareholders will be as follows:

                                                                                      Assuming the full conversion of
                                                                                    the Convertible Bonds at the initial
                                                                                  conversion price of HK$23.50 per Share
                                                  As of June 30, 2026             and based on the initial conversion ratio
                                                      (excluding     (including                 (excluding      (including
                                                        treasury      treasury                   treasury        treasury
                                                        Shares)        Shares)                    Shares)         Shares)
                                            Number of                                 Number of
                                             Ordinary Approximate Approximate          Ordinary Approximate Approximate
                                              Shares              %             %        Shares              %              %

     Mr. WU Xubo(1)                       264,263,000           50.70%            49.45%      264,263,000            48.83%           47.67%
     Ms. WU Xuan(1)                        38,487,000            7.38%             7.20%       38,487,000             7.11%            6.94%
     Other Shareholders                   218,479,118           41.92%            40.88%      218,479,118            40.37%           39.41%
     Bondholder                                    —                 —                 —       19,914,804             3.68%            3.59%


     Subtotal                             521,229,118          100.00%                        541,143,922          100.00%


     Treasury Shares                       13,210,800                              2.47%       13,210,800                              2.38%


     Total                                534,439,918                           100.00%       554,354,722                           100.00%


     Note:

     (1)     For details of the shareholding structure of Mr. WU Xubo and Ms. WU Xuan, please refer to the “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
             and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares” above.


     As the conversion of the Convertible Bonds would have a dilutive effect on the earnings per share, the relevant Shares upon
     full conversion have been included in calculating the diluted earnings per share of the Company for the six months ended
     June 30, 2026. For further details, please refer to Note 9 of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

     To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, having made all reasonable enquiries and having considered the financial and
     liquidity position of the Group, the Directors expected that the Company has the ability to meet its redemption obligations in
     respect of all outstanding convertible securities when they become due.

     It would be equally financially advantageous for the holders of the Convertible Bonds to convert or redeem the convertible
     securities thereunder based on the implied internal rate of return thereof, when the Company’s share price approximates to
     the conversion price in the future.




24   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                           Other Information

CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
The Board has reviewed the overall performance of the Contractual Arrangements and believes that the Group complied
with the Contractual Arrangements in all material respects during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.
Please refer to the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” of the Prospectus for details.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has repurchased
7,306,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$107.3 million (excluding brokerage and
other fees), of which 7,306,000 Shares are held as treasury Shares. Details of the Shares repurchased are summarized as
follows:

                                                                                                             Aggregate
                                                                                                          consideration
                                                                                                             (excluding
                                                      Total number                                           brokerage
                                                          of Shares    Repurchase price per Share             and other
Month of repurchase                                    repurchased          Highest        Lowest                  fees)
                                                                               HK$            HK$            HK$ million

February 2026                                              2,457,200            20.84            16.89                  47.2

April 2026                                                   589,400            16.00            14.93                    9.1

May 2026                                                   1,203,400            16.70            13.53                  18.6

July 2026                                                  2,956,000            11.25             9.99                  31.4

September 2026                                               100,000             9.53             9.32                    0.9

Since the Company launched its share repurchase plan in May 2025 up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Company
has cumulatively repurchased 16,266,800 shares on the Stock Exchange and held as treasury Shares at an aggregate
consideration of HK$233 million (excluding brokerage and other fees). Subject to applicable Listing Rules, the Company
may cancel such treasury Shares or make alternative plans depending on market conditions and capital management
needs.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any member of the Group has purchased, sold or repurchased any
listed securities of the Company (including the sale of treasury Shares) for the six months ended June 30, 2026, and up
to the Latest Practicable Date. As of June 30, 2026, the Company held 13,210,800 treasury Shares (June 30, 2025:
2,186,400).




                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   25
     Other Information

     USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING
     On September 28, 2023, the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The net
     proceeds from the global offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, were approximately HK$135.8
     million, which will be used in accordance with the intended use of net proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus by the
     Company.

     As of June 30, 2026, approximately HK$135.8 million of the net proceeds of the Global Offering had been utilized as
     follows:

                                                                                                                      Proceeds
                                                                          Proceeds                     Proceeds        from the
                                                                           from the                     from the          Global
                                                                              Global     Amounts           Global       Offering
                                                                            Offering       not yet       Offering        not yet    Expected timeline of
                                           Allocation of net proceeds        utilized      utilized       utilized       utilized   full utilization of the
                                             from the Global Offering           as of         as of   during the            as of   unutilized proceeds
                                           in the proportion disclosed   January 1,     January 1,    Reporting        June 30,     from the Global
                                                in the Prospectus               2026          2026         Period           2026    Offering
                                             HKD million   Percentage    HKD million    HKD million   HKD million    HKD million

     Enhancing and expanding online               40.7         30.0%            22.4          18.3            5.9           12.4    By the end of 2027
       game publishing business and
       other marketing business and
       consumer product business
     Expanding and deepening the                  40.7         30.0%            22.3          18.4            8.8            9.6    By the end of 2027
       partnership with major market
       participants throughout the full
       lifecycle value chain
     Improving technology infrastructure          13.6         10.0%             7.4           6.2            1.6            4.6    By the end of 2027
       and enhancing internal research
       and development capabilities
     Supporting overall strategies of             13.6         10.0%             7.2           6.4            0.3            6.1    By the end of 2027
       expanding into select markets
       outside China and developing
       overseas operation
     Exploring potential strategic                13.6         10.0%             3.9           9.7            9.7            0.0    N/A
       acquisition opportunities
     Working capital and general                  13.6         10.0%             7.6           6.0            1.4            4.6    By the end of 2027
       corporate purposes


     Total                                       135.8       100.0%             70.8          65.0           27.7           37.3


     As of June 30, 2026, all the unutilized net proceeds were held by the Company in short-term deposits with licensed banks
     and authorized financial institutions in Hong Kong and the PRC.

     The unutilized amount is expected to be used in accordance with the Company’s plan as disclosed in the Prospectus.
     The Company will continue to evaluate market conditions and adopt a prudent and flexible approach for utilizing the net
     proceeds and will ensure the net proceeds will be used effectively and efficiently for long-term benefit and development
     of the Group. The expected timeline of full utilization set out above is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring
     unforeseen circumstances, and is subject to change in light of future development of market conditions.


26   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                   Other Information

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
On January 8, 2026, the Company completed the issuance of the HK$468,000,000 zero coupon Convertible Bonds. The
aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Bonds was HK$468,000,000, which were subscribed by one subscriber,
the sole investor of which was LMR Multi-Strategy Master Fund Limited, an exempted limited company incorporated
and domiciled in the Cayman Islands. The purpose of the issuance is to raise funds for AI-related business investments
and equity investments in AI industries in support of the Company’s “AI + Games” strategy. The initial conversion price
was HK$23.50 per share (subject to adjustment), represents (i) a premium of approximately 38.24% to the closing price
of the Shares of HK$17.00 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the last trading date before the date of the
subscription agreement; and (ii) a premium of approximately 41.67% to the average closing price of HK$16.59 per Share
for the last five consecutive trading days up to and including the last trading date before the date of the subscription
agreement. Assuming full conversion of the Convertible Bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$23.50 per Conversion
Share, the Convertible Bonds will be convertible into 19,914,804 new Shares (with total nominal value of US$398.29608).
Each ordinary share in the share capital of the Company has a nominal value of US$0.00002. As at December 18, 2025,
being the date of the subscription agreement, the Company’s closing price was HK$17.12 per share, and the market value
of the conversion Shares under the Convertible Bonds was approximately HK$340.9 million. The net proceeds from the
issuance of the Convertible Bonds are approximately HK$458.6 million (after deducting issuance fees and expenses), which
will be used in accordance with the intended use of the net proceeds as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated
January 8, 2026.

As of June 30, 2026, the net proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Bonds of approximately HK$458.6 million have
been utilised as set out below:

                                                                                       Utilized net                   Expected
                                                                                    proceeds from                     timeline for
                                                                                   the Convertible Unutilized net     utilizing the
                                                                                      Bonds as of proceeds as of      remaining net
                                                   Allocation of the net proceeds June 30, 2026 June 30, 2026         proceeds
                                                      HKD million       percentage      HKD million   HKD million

Al-related business investment                            229.3           50.0%            201.0             28.3     January 2027
Investment in listed securities                           229.3           50.0%               —             229.3     January 2027


Total                                                     458.6          100.0%            201.0            257.6


As of the date of this report, all unutilised net proceeds were placed by the Company as short-term deposits with licensed
banks and authorised financial institutions in Hong Kong and the PRC.

The unutilised amount is expected to be applied in accordance with the plan disclosed in the Company’s announcement
dated January 8, 2026. The Company will continue to assess market conditions and adopt a prudent and flexible approach
in utilising the net proceeds, so as to ensure the effective and efficient use of the net proceeds with a view to safeguarding
the long-term interests and development of the Group. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the expected timeline
for full utilisation as set out above is determined based on the Directors’ best estimate and is subject to adjustment
depending on future market conditions.


PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION PLAN
The Pre-IPO Share Option Plan was adopted on November 4, 2022. A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO
Share Option Plan is set out in the section headed “Statutory and General Information — D. Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” in
Appendix IV to the Prospectus. All 17,463,918 underlying Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan have been issued to
the ESOP BVIs to hold on trust for the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan prior to Listing. As such, no further Shares is available for
issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan upon Listing. The Pre-IPO Share Option Plan is a share scheme of the Company
involving its existing Shares.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   27
     Other Information

     Movements of Options during the Reporting Period
     Save as disclosed in the below table, there is no other outstanding option under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan.

                                                                                                                                Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                               Outstanding                                                                    closing
                                                                                                     as of                                                    Outstanding      price(2)
     Category of                          Exercise price                             Vesting    January 1,          During the Reporting Period                as of June   (HKD per
     grantees        Date of grant        per Share        Exercise period           period           2026   granted exercised          lapsed      cancelled    30, 2026      Share)

     Director
     Mr. Wu Xubo     November 16, 2022 US$0.00002 per      November 16, 2022 to      Note(1)     3,819,592        —            —            —             —     3,819,592         N/A
       (Executive                        Share               November 15, 2032
       Director)
                     March 16, 2023       US$0.00002 per   March 16, 2023 to         Note(1)        61,855        —            —            —             —        61,855         N/A
                                            Share            March 15, 2033
                     March 31, 2023       US$0.00002 per   March 31, 2023 to         Note(1)        10,309        —            —            —             —        10,309         N/A
                                            Share            March 30, 2033
                     June 30, 2023        US$0.00002 per   June 30, 2023 to June Note(1)           167,525        —            —            —             —       167,525         N/A
                                            Share            29, 2033
                     July 31, 2023        US$0.00002 per   July 31, 2023 to July 30, Note(1)        41,237        —            —            —             —        41,237         N/A
                                            Share            2033
                     September 7, 2023    US$0.00002 per   September 7, 2023 to Note(1)            154,639        —            —            —             —       154,639         N/A
                                            Share            September 6, 2033


     Total                                                                                       4,255,157        —            —            —             —     4,255,157         N/A


     Notes:

     (1)     Twenty-five percent (25%) of the options granted to such grantee will vest on the day after the first three months of the Listing Date,
             and each twenty-five percent (25%) of the options granted to such grantee will vest half-yearly thereafter.

     (2)     The weighted average closing price in this column refers to the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the
             date on which the options were exercised. As no options were exercised during the Reporting Period, such weighted average closing
             price is not applicable.


     There is no performance target for the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Plan.

     Each of the ESOP BVIs is wholly owned by a same trustee, which will not exercise any voting rights attached to such Shares
     at the Company’s general meetings.


     THE 2026 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME
     On February 5, 2026, the Board approved and adopted the Restricted Share Unit Scheme (the “Scheme”). A summary of
     the principal terms of the Scheme is set out in the “Directors’ Report” section of the 2025 Annual Report of the Company.
     The number of shares that may be awarded under the Schemes shall not exceed 52,510,131 shares. As of the date of this
     report, no restricted share units have been granted to any person under the Scheme. The Scheme is also a scheme of the
     Company involving its existing Shares.




28   Tanwan Inc.    Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                  Other Information

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding directors’ dealing in the Company’s securities.
Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with
the Model Code for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The Company’s relevant employees, who are likely to be in
possession of inside information of the Company, are also subject to the Model Code for securities transactions. No incident
of non-compliance of the Model Code by the Company’s relevant employees was noted by the Company for the six months
ended June 30, 2026.

The Company has also established a policy on inside information to comply with its obligations under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance and the Listing Rules. In case when the Company becomes aware of any restricted period for dealings in
the Company’s securities, the Company will notify its Directors and relevant employees in advance.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interest of the
shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company’s
corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions set forth in the Corporate Governance
Code.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with the code provisions set out
in the Corporate Governance Code except for code provisions as explained below.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and
chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing. The roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive
officer of the Company are currently performed by Mr. WU Xubo (“Mr. WU”). In view of Mr. WU’s substantial contribution
to the Group since its establishment and his extensive experience, the Company considers that having Mr. WU acting as
both the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer will provide strong and consistent leadership to the Group and
facilitate the efficient execution of the Group’s business strategies. The Directors believe that it is appropriate and beneficial
to the Group’s business development and prospects that Mr. WU continues to act as both the chairman of the Board and
chief executive officer of the Company, and therefore currently do not propose to separate the functions of chairman and
chief executive officer.

The Board believes that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
management of the Company, given that: (i) there are sufficient checks and balances in the Board, as a decision to be made
by the Board requires approval by at least a majority of the Directors, and the Board comprises three independent non-
executive Directors, which is in compliance with the requirement under the Listing Rules; (ii) Mr. WU and the other Directors
are aware of and undertake to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for
the benefit and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Group accordingly; and (iii) the balance
of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
who meet regularly to discuss issues affecting the operations of the Company. Moreover, the overall strategic and other key
business, financial, and operational policies of the Group are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
senior management levels. The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure of the
Group in order to assess whether separation of the roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer is necessary.

In addition, the Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices.




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   29
     Other Information

     SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO THE 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
     In addition to the information provided in the 2025 Annual Report, the Company would like to further inform the
     Shareholders and potential investors of the Company the following information:

     As disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report, the Company held financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB2.9
     billion, representing 39% of the total assets as at year-end.

     Single Asset Management Plan
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s investment in the China Merchants Asset Management Jinglu FoF No. 53 Single
     Asset Management Plan (the “Asset Management Plan”) (with China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd.,
     a PRC-incorporated licensed financial institution headquartered in Shenzhen, PRC, which is primarily engaged in securities
     asset management and publicly offered securities investment fund management, acting as the manager and Guangzhou
     Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. acting as the custodian) measured at fair value amounted to RMB1,318.8 million in
     aggregate, representing approximately 17.9% of the Group’s total assets as of December 31, 2025. For further details,
     please refer to the Company’s announcements dated June 26, 2026.

     Investment Portfolio of Other Non-Material Investments
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — Significant Investment and Investment
     Portfolio” of the 2025 Annual Report, as of December 31, 2025, the Group maintained a diversified investment portfolio.
     Details of the Group’s investment portfolio of other non-material investments are set out below:

                                                     % of Total
                                                  Share Capital
                                                         of the
                                    Number of       Investment                                   Fair Value           % of
                                        Shares          Target                                        as of   total assets      Performance
                                      Invested            as of                               December 31,           as of             as of
                                    (thousand     December 31,    Accounting                           2025 December 31,       December 31,         Principal Business/
     No.    Investment Type(1)         shares)            2025    Treatment Listing Venue     (RMB million)           2025             2025         Profile of Investment Target

     1.     Listed shares(2)               935           0.05%    FVTPL(5)   Shenzhen Stock           40.5           0.5%    Unrealized gain of     A leading A-share listed game
                                                                               Exchange                                        RMB4.3 million         company in China
     2.     Listed shares(2)              6,437          0.52%    FVTPL      Shenzhen Stock           36.4           0.5%    Unrealized loss of     A prominent licensed model
                                                                               Exchange                                       RMB12.1 million         vehicle and toy manufacturer in
                                                                                                                                                      China, as well as an integrated
                                                                                                                                                      online game operator with both
                                                                                                                                                      development and publishing
                                                                                                                                                      capabilities
     3.     Listed shares(2)              1,047          0.20%    FVTPL      Shenzhen Stock           24.7           0.3%    Unrealized loss of     Core business focused on product
                                                                               Exchange                                        RMB5.7 million         development, manufacturing and
                                                                                                                                                      commercialization of medical
                                                                                                                                                      innovation achievements
     4.     Listed shares(2)               220           0.82%    FVTPL      Nasdaq Stock             24.2           0.3%    Unrealized loss of     An artificial intelligence
                                                                               Exchange                                       RMB73.3 million         infrastructure solutions provider
     5.     Unlisted corporate             N/A             N/A    FVTPL      N/A                      14.2           0.2%                   0(6)    A global digital technology
              convertible                                                                                                                             marketing group
              bonds(3)
     6.     Unlisted shares(4)             N/A             10%    FVTPL      N/A                      10.0           0.1%                    0(6)   Engineering applications of
                                                                                                                                                      multimodal large language
                                                                                                                                                      models and development of
                                                                                                                                                      digital interactive AI tools



30   Tanwan Inc.    Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                         Other Information

Notes:

1.   All of the above investments, as well as those significant investments disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report, are funded by the Group’s
     self-owned funds.

2.   For the investments in shares of listed companies set out above, the Group has classified them under financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss on a held-for-sale basis. With “AI + Game” as the core investment thesis, the Group’s investment scope covers
     key sectors including game operations, digital entertainment, innovative healthcare and AI applications. Through diversified allocation
     across AI industry targets, the Group seeks to capture the opportunities arising from the iterative upgrade of the AI industry,
     thereby enhancing the Group’s investment returns and overall asset value, and providing an effective supplement to the Group’s
     medium-to-long-term stable operations and value growth.

3.   The principal of the convertible bonds is RMB14,214,400.00. For the unlisted corporate convertible bonds, the Group’s investment
     strategy is held to maturity for fixed income return. The Group invested in convertible bonds issued by an unlisted company with
     the objective of obtaining stable fixed income return while retaining the potential upside through conversion rights. The investee is
     a global digital technology marketing group whose business is highly complementary to the Group’s principal business segments of
     game publishing and operations and digital marketing, thereby creating synergies.

4.   With respect to the shares in the unlisted company, this represents a long-term strategic investment by the Group in an AI large
     language model company. Through this investment in the artificial intelligence technology company, the Group aims to jointly
     advance the development and application of AI large language model technologies in the gaming sector, thereby optimizing the
     publishing and operational processes for new games and reducing development costs. The investment was made as part of the
     Group’s strategic initiative to explore business opportunities that complement and enhance its principal business.

5.   FVTPL refers to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

6.   As of December 31, 2025, no gains or losses were recorded for such investments.


CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in the information of the Directors of the Company for the
Reporting Period, and up to the date of this report are set out below:

Ms. SONG Siyun was appointed as a non-executive director of Guangdong Keywa Chemical Trading Center Co., Ltd. (廣東
奇化化工交易中心股份有限公司) (“Guangdong Keywa”) on December 12, 2018. As of the date of this report, Guangdong
Keywa has completed its bankruptcy procedures. To the best knowledge of the Company, Ms. SONG does not have any
personal liability, outstanding claims or obligations arising from or in connection with the bankruptcy of Guangdong Keywa.


REVIEW OF THE INTERIM REPORT BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
We have established the Audit Committee with terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules as well
as paragraph D.3 of part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-
executive Directors, namely, Ms. ZHENG Yi, Ms. SONG Siyun and Mr. QIN Yongde. The chairlady of the Audit Committee is
Ms. ZHENG Yi, who has the appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing
Rules. The interim report has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has considered and reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and has
discussed matters in relation to internal control, risk management and financial reporting with the management, including
the review of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial results of the Group for the six months ended June
30, 2026. The Audit Committee considers that the interim financial results for the six months ended June 30, 2026 are in
compliance with the relevant accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made.




                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   31
     Other Information

     POTENTIAL CONFLICT OF INTERESTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     The independent non-executive Directors also reviewed whether there was any conflict of interests between the Group
     and the Controlling Shareholders and/or their close associates for the Reporting Period. The independent non-executive
     Directors confirmed that there was no conflict of interests between the Group and the Controlling Shareholders and/or their
     close associates for the same periods.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (six months
     ended June 30, 2025: nil).


     EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The Directors are not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure that has taken place subsequent to the Reporting
     Period and up to the date of this report.




32   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                              Independent Review Report

To the board of directors of Tanwan Inc.
(Incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 34 to 56, which comprises the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position of Tanwan Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and
the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows
for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for
the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to
express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (“HKSRE 2410”) Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the HKICPA. A review
of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express
an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

25 August 2026




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   33
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                          Notes         2026          2025
                                                                  (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

     REVENUE                                               5        1,883,486     2,004,579
     Cost of sales                                                   (882,104)     (790,933)


     Gross profit                                                   1,001,382     1,213,646
     Other income and gains                                5          251,833       533,884
     Selling and distribution expenses                               (852,671)     (843,702)
     Administrative expenses                                          (74,585)       (70,973)
     Research and development costs                                   (48,774)       (46,272)
     Impairment on financial assets, net                                  130            (559)
     Other expenses                                                   (32,629)         (5,109)
     Finance costs                                                     (6,518)         (7,710)
     Fair value changes of convertible bonds                           32,141              —
     Share of profits and losses of:
        Joint ventures                                                 1,342           5,891
        Associates                                                    10,948           5,771


     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                     6         282,599        784,867
     Income tax expense                                    7         (69,348)      (135,271)


     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                           213,251        649,596


     Attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                         185,174        601,976
        Non-controlling interests                                     28,077         47,620


     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
       HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                               9
       Basic (RMB)                                                       0.36           1.14


        Diluted (RMB)                                                    0.29           1.12




34   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
      Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                213,251                  649,596


  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
  Other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be reclassified to profit or
    loss in subsequent periods:
  Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of associates and
    joint ventures                                                                   (96,557)                 197,396


  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
    NET OF TAX                                                                       (96,557)                 197,396


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                            116,694                  846,992


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                               88,617                  799,372


  Non-controlling interests                                                           28,077                    47,620




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   35
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                             Notes         2026           2025
                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property and equipment                                   10        244,598         246,174
     Investment properties                                               78,862          80,010
     Right-of-use assets                                                190,593         210,118
     Other intangible assets                                             41,676          18,045
     Investments in joint ventures                                      320,169         318,146
     Investments in associates                                          215,758         579,318
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      8,972           8,471
     Pledged deposits                                                   712,021         636,965
     Time deposits                                                           —           82,831


     Total non-current assets                                          1,812,649      2,180,078


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                           5,094            713
     Trade receivables                                        11         215,594        221,278
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     944,294        928,171
     Amounts due from related parties                         18         119,666        113,126
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    12       3,403,918      2,892,876
     Pledged deposits                                                    292,017        427,581
     Restricted cash                                                      31,529            605
     Time deposits                                                        59,532        242,003
     Cash and cash equivalents                                           694,077        375,952


     Total current assets                                              5,765,721      5,202,305


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade payables                                           13         416,822        451,209
     Bills payable                                            14       1,102,999      1,303,815
     Other payables and accruals                                         358,061        484,530
     Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                     81,833         34,369
     Lease liabilities                                                    23,998         15,378
     Tax payable                                                         486,211        485,663
     Convertible bonds                                        15         389,718             —


     Total current liabilities                                         2,859,642      2,774,964


     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                2,906,079      2,427,341


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                             4,718,728      4,607,419




36   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                            30 June             31 December
                                                 Notes         2026                    2025
                                                         (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                              39,739                   52,796
Deferred tax liability                                        329,975                  269,398


Total non-current liabilities                                 369,714                  322,194


Net assets                                                 4,349,014                4,285,225


EQUITY

Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                     16              77                       77
Treasury shares                                   16        (181,353)                (114,804)
Reserves                                                   4,400,242                4,300,593


                                                           4,218,966                4,185,866

Non-controlling interests                                     130,048                    99,359


Total equity                                               4,349,014                4,285,225




                                                                     Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   37
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                 reserve of
                                                                                                                           financial assets
                                                                                                                               at fair value
                                                                                             Statutory               Share through other                                              Non-
                                                      Share    Treasury     Capital            surplus           incentive comprehensive              Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                     capital     shares     reserve            reserve             reserve          income              Profits      Total        interests      Equity
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                   (note 16)   (note 16)

     At 31 December 2025 (audited)                       77    (114,804)    216,588              5,000           2,499,297            335,702         1,244,006    4,185,866        99,359     4,285,225
     Profit for the period                               —           —           —                  —                   —                  —            185,174      185,174        28,077       213,251
     Other comprehensive loss for the period:
     Proportion interest in the investee arising
           from changes in the investee’s other
           comprehensive loss, net of tax
           (unaudited)                                   —           —           —                   —                   —             (96,557)              —       (96,557)            —       (96,557)

     Total comprehensive income for the period           —           —           —                   —                   —             (96,557)        185,174        88,617        28,077      116,694
     Shares repurchased                                  —      (66,549)         —                   —                   —                  —               —        (66,549)           —       (66,549)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
           shareholders                                  —           —           —                   —                   —                   —               —            —          (1,356)      (1,356)
     Equity-settled share option arrangements            —           —           —                   —                   —                   —               —            —              —            —
     Capital injection in non-wholly owned
           subsidiaries                                  —           —       11,032                  —                   —                   —               —       11,032          3,968       15,000

     At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                         77    (181,353)   227,620*             5,000*          2,499,297*           239,145*        1,429,180*    4,218,966       130,048     4,349,014

                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                                                                     reserve of
                                                                                                                               financial assets
                                                                                                                                   at fair value       Retained
                                                                                              Statutory              Share       through other          Profits/                       Non-
                                                      Share     Treasury     Capital            surplus          incentive     comprehensive       (accumulated                  controlling      Total
                                                     capital      shares    reserve             reserve            reserve              income           losses)      Total        interests     Equity
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                   (note 16)   (note 16)

     At 31 December 2024 (audited)                       77          (1)    217,502              5,000           2,480,663             (62,204)        (242,503)   2,398,534        24,531     2,423,065
     Profit for the period                               —           —           —                  —                   —                   —           601,976      601,976        47,620       649,596
     Other comprehensive income for the period:
     Proportion interest in the investee arising
           from changes in the investee’s other
           comprehensive income, net of tax
           (unaudited)                                   —           —           —                   —                   —            197,396                —      197,396              —      197,396

     Total comprehensive income for the period           —           —           —                   —                   —            197,396          601,976      799,372         47,620      846,992
     Shares repurchased                                  —      (23,384)         —                   —                   —                 —                —       (23,384)            —       (23,384)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
           shareholders                                  —           —           —                   —                  —                    —               —           —               —           —
     Equity-settled share option arrangements            —           —           —                   —              18,631                   —               —       18,631              —       18,631
     Capital injection in non-wholly owned
           subsidiaries                                  —           —         (913)                 —                   —                   —               —          (913)          913            —

     At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                         77     (23,385)   216,589*             5,000*          2,499,294*           135,192*          359,473*    3,192,240        73,064     3,265,304

     *          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB4,400,242,000 in the interim consolidated statement of financial
                position as at 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: RMB3,215,548,000).

38   Tanwan Inc.          Interim Report 2026
                            Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                            Notes         2026                    2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                       282,599                  784,867

Adjustments for:

Finance costs                                                                             6,518                     7,710
Foreign exchange loss, net                                                   6           15,829                     1,581
Bank interest income                                                                    (16,429)                  (41,536)
Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                            (12,290)                  (11,662)
Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                             6               —                      1,295
Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or
   loss                                                                      6           (7,015)                  (10,674)
Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     6         (225,004)                (475,647)
Fair value gain on convertible bonds at fair value through profit or loss    6          (32,141)                       —
Transaction costs related to the issuance of convertible bonds                            8,075                        —
Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                  6               —                     18,631
Impairment of trade receivables, net                                         6             (457)                       63
Impairment of financial assets included in other receivables                 6              327                       496
Loss on disposal of items of property and equipment                          6               42                        30
(Gain)/loss on lease modification                                            6           (1,161)                    1,264
Depreciation of property and equipment                                       6           11,093                     9,802
Depreciation of investment properties                                        6            1,148                     1,322
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          6           21,469                    18,150
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                      6            7,414                     2,255
Impairment of other intangible assets                                                     4,405                        —


(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                        (4,381)                   1,443
Decrease in trade and bills receivable                                                     6,141                   12,492
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other
   assets                                                                               (17,041)                    2,817
Decrease/(increase) in deposits                                                         265,302                 (218,762)
Increase in amounts due from related parties                                             (6,540)                  (16,511)
(Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                                   (34,387)                    8,198
Decrease in bills payable                                                              (200,816)                (477,252)
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                                (142,298)                (103,704)
(Increase)/decrease in restricted cash                                                  (30,924)                   30,958


Cash used in operations                                                                (100,522)                (452,374)
Interest received                                                                        12,464                        931
Interest paid                                                                            (4,709)                    (6,196)
Income tax paid                                                                          (8,223)                  (10,816)


Net cash flows used in operating activities                                            (100,990)                (468,455)




                                                                                               Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   39
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                2026          2025
                                                                          (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                          3,965         40,605
     Purchases of items of property and equipment                              (9,580)         (4,082)
     Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                    292,270              —
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property and equipment                     21              39
     Additions to other intangible assets                                     (35,450)           (704)
     Purchases of investments in joint ventures and associates                (15,000)       (20,800)
     Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      (439,045)       (27,696)
     Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        160,022         30,369
     Placement in pledged time deposits                                      (272,609)     (429,690)
     Withdrawal in pledged time deposits                                      333,117     1,033,990


     Net cash flows from investing activities                                 17,711        622,031


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Capital injection by non-controlling shareholders                        15,000              —
     New bank loans                                                           78,209         33,710
     Repayment of bank loans                                                 (31,001)      (195,576)
     Interest paid                                                              (307)           (685)
     Principal portion of lease payments                                      (5,220)         (3,667)
     Interest portion of lease payments                                       (1,246)           (858)
     Payments for repurchase of shares                                       (66,549)             —
     Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                           (1,356)             —
     Net proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds                         413,784              —
     Decrease in rental deposits                                                  90              90


     Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                      401,404       (166,986)


     NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
       EQUIVALENTS                                                           318,125        (13,410)
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                        375,952        514,963


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                              694,077        501,553


     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Unrestricted cash and bank balances                                     694,077        413,901
     Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months               —          87,652


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AS STATED IN THE INTERIM
       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS AND INTERIM
       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION                            694,077        501,553




40   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                   30 June 2026


1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 18 March 2021 as an exempted company with limited
     liability under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of the office of the
     Company is 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged in providing product marketing
     and operation services to online games in the People’s Republic of China (hereafter, the “PRC”).


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared
     in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information
     does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in
     conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
     consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS Accounting Standards for the
     first time for the current period’s financial information.

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                       Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                              Financial Instruments
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
     Annual Improvements to HKFRS                            Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10
      Accounting Standards — Volume 11                        and HKAS 7

     The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

     (a)   Prior to the initial application of the amendments, the Group derecognised trade payables that were settled by
           cheques upon the issuance of cheques to creditors. Upon applying the amendments, trade payables that were
           settled by cheques are derecognised on the settlement date which is the date when the cheques are cleared
           by banks. The change in accounting policy did not have a material impact on the Group’s interim condensed
           consolidated financial information. The change in accounting policy will be reflected in the Group’s consolidated
           financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.

     (b)   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the
           application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a
           hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional
           disclosures that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an
           entity’s financial performance and future cash flows. As the Group did not have any contracts that are in the
           scope of the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated
           financial information.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   41
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     3.     CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
            (c)    Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments to
                   HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
                   HKAS 7. The amendments include clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency
                   in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim
                   condensed consolidated financial information.


     4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            HKFRS 8 Operating Segments requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reporting about
            components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker in order to allocate
            resources to segments and to assess their performance. The information reported to the directors of the Company,
            who are the chief operating decision-makers, for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of performance,
            does not contain discrete operating segment financial information and the directors reviewed the financial results of
            the Group as a whole. Therefore, no further information about the operating segment is presented.

            Geographical information
            (a)    Revenue from external customers
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                   Chinese mainland                                                              1,531,588           1,691,100
                   Hong Kong                                                                       345,743             312,284
                   Others                                                                            6,155               1,195


                   Total                                                                         1,883,486           2,004,579


            (b)    Non-current assets
                   As at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026, substantially all of the non-current assets of the Group were
                   located in the PRC.

            Information about major customers
            Revenue from customers which amounted to more than 10% of the Group’s revenue during the six months ended 30
            June 2026 and 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

            Customer A                                                                             548,990             161,329
            Customer B                                                                             445,573             860,737




42   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                   30 June 2026


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     Disaggregated revenue information
                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2026             2025
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Type of goods or services
     Game marketing and operation — Self-run model           1,270,987             1,386,744
     Game marketing and operation — Joint-run model            558,202               565,093
     Other marketing services                                    5,952                   427
     Sales of products                                          48,345                52,315


     Total                                                   1,883,486             2,004,579


     Timing of revenue recognition
     Services transferred over time                            279,466               158,065
     Services transferred at a point in time                 1,555,675             1,794,199
     Goods transferred at a point in time                       48,345                52,315


     Total                                                   1,883,486             2,004,579


     Geographical markets
     Chinese mainland                                        1,531,588             1,691,100
     Hong Kong                                                 345,743               312,284
     Others                                                      6,155                 1,195


     Total                                                   1,883,486             2,004,579




                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   43
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
            An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

            Other income
            Bank interest income                                                                                16,429                41,536
            Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         7,015                 9,379
            Government grants-related to income*                                                                   969                 5,810
            Investment property rent income                                                                      1,228                 1,252
            Others                                                                                                  27                   223


            Subtotal                                                                                            25,668                58,200


            Gains
            Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          225,004                475,647
            Others                                                                                              1,161                     37


            Subtotal                                                                                          226,165                475,684


            Total                                                                                             251,833                533,884


            *       Various government grants have been received from local government authorities in Chinese mainland. There are no unfulfilled
                    conditions and other contingencies relating to these grants.




44   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                  30 June 2026


6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                               Note          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Services fee charged by distribution platforms and payment
       vendors                                                                                647,146                704,836
     Cost of products sold                                                                     33,192                 34,727
     Promotion expenses                                                                       789,225                772,359

     Employee benefit expense:
       Wages and salaries                                                                      88,040                107,473
       Equity-settled-based payment expenses                                                       —                  18,631
       Pension scheme contributions* (defined contribution scheme)                              6,566                  4,941


                                                                                               94,606                131,045


     Depreciation of property and equipment                                                    11,093                   9,802
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                       21,469                  18,150
     Depreciation of investment properties                                                      1,148                   1,322
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                    7,414                   2,255
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
        liabilities                                                                               148                      40
     (Gain)/loss on lease modification                                                         (1,161)                  1,264
     Loss on foreign exchange differences, net                                                 15,829                   1,581
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                        (457)                     63
     Impairment of financial assets included in other receivables                                 327                     496
     Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                                       (225,004)              (475,647)
     Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                                         (7,015)                (10,674)
     Fair value gain on convertible bonds at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                                        (32,141)                     —
     Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                              —                    1,295
     Loss on disposal of items of property and equipment, net                  10                  42                      30


     *    There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
          contributions.




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   45
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     7.     INCOME TAX
            The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
            members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

            Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Company and its
            subsidiaries are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

            Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
            arising in Hong Kong during the period.

            Taxes on profits assessable in Chinese mainland have been calculated at the prevailing tax rates, based on existing
            legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law (the “PRC
            Tax Law”) effective on 1 January 2008, the PRC corporate income tax rate of the Group’s subsidiaries operating in
            Chinese mainland during the reporting period was 25% of their taxable profits.

            Jiangxi Tanwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Jiangxi Tanwan”) was qualified as “High and New Technology
            Enterprises” under the PRC Tax Law. Accordingly, Jiangxi Tanwan was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of
            15% in 2026.

            The following table sets forth a breakdown of our income tax expense for the period indicated:

                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

            Current income tax — Chinese mainland                                                    8,771              23,520
            Deferred income tax                                                                     60,577             111,751


            Total tax charge for the period                                                         69,348             135,271


     8.     DIVIDENDS
            No dividends had been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months
            ended 30 June 2025: Nil).




46   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                   30 June 2026


9.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 512,199,246 outstanding during
     the period.

     The Company has two categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: share options and convertible bonds. The
     calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of
     ordinary shares outstanding during the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed conversion of all
     dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in the basic
       earnings per share calculation (RMB’000)                                                185,174                601,976
     Less: Fair value gain on the convertible bonds                                             32,141                     —

     Earnings for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share                        153,033                601,976


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                   512,199,246          526,637,677
     Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares                        23,373,911            9,062,755


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating
       diluted earnings per share                                                          535,573,157          535,700,432


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired assets at a cost of RMB9,580,000 (30 June 2025:
     RMB4,082,000).

     Assets with a net book value of RMB63,000 were disposed of by the Group during the six months ended 30 June
     2026 (30 June 2025: RMB69,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB42,000 (30 June 2025: net loss on
     disposal of RMB30,000).

     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no impairment loss (30 June 2025: nil) was recognised for the Group’s
     buildings.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   47
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     11. TRADE RECEIVABLES
            An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction dates and
            net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

            Within 1 year                                                                          212,536             215,330
            1 to 2 years                                                                             3,053               5,913
            Over 2 years                                                                                 5                  35


            Total                                                                                  215,594             221,278


     12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

            Current portion
            Asset management products, at fair value                                             1,722,213           1,318,835
            Listed equity investments, at fair value                                             1,487,258           1,549,827
            Others, at fair value                                                                  194,447              24,214


            Total                                                                                3,403,918           2,892,876


     13. TRADE PAYABLES
            An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction dates, is as
            follows:

                                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                                    2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

            Within 1 year                                                                          328,197             342,476
            1 to 2 years                                                                            43,745              89,449
            2 to 3 years                                                                            43,122               8,745
            Over 3 years                                                                             1,758              10,539


            Total                                                                                  416,822             451,209




48   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                       30 June 2026


14. BILLS PAYABLE
                                                                                               30 June             31 December
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                (Audited)

   Bills payable                                                                               1,102,999               1,303,815


   Total                                                                                       1,102,999               1,303,815


   The time deposits, buildings and investment properties in total of RMB1,063,798,000 (31 December 2025:
   RMB1,116,726,000) were pledged for discounted bills and bills payable as at 30 June 2026.


15. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   On 8 January 2026, the Company issued zero coupon convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
   HKD468,000,000 (the “January 2026 CB”). The convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HKD23.50 per
   Share. The convertible bonds are convertible into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds do not bear any
   interest and will mature in the one year from the issue date. The January 2026 CB are designated as financial liabilities
   at fair value through profit or loss.

                                                                                               30 June             31 December
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                (Audited)

   Convertible bonds at issuance date                                                            421,859                          —
   Changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss during the period                          (32,141)                         —


   Balance at the end of period                                                                  389,718                          —


16. SHARE CAPITAL AND TREASURY SHARES
   Shares
                                                                                               30 June             31 December
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                (Audited)

   Issued and fully paid:
   534,439,918 (2025: 534,439,918) ordinary shares*                                                    77                        77


   *       As at 30 June 2026, the total number of issued ordinary shares included 4,255,157 (31 December 2025: 4,255,157) shares
           held for share option scheme, with par values of RMB1,000 (31 December 2025: RMB1,000).




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   49
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     17. COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                              30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)               (Audited)

            Leasehold improvements                                                                                   —                   6,300
            Purchases of items of property and equipment                                                          2,220                     —
            Capital contributions payable to investees                                                          150,130                 39,287


            Total                                                                                               152,350                 45,587


     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the period
            presented.

            (a)     Names and relationships with related parties
                    The following companies are significant related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances with
                    the Group during the period.

                        Name of related parties                                                            Relationship with the Group

                    Guangzhou Zeda New Culture and Creative Industry Development Co., Ltd.                 Joint venture
                      (“Guangzhou Zeda”)
                    Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Yier                       Joint venture
                      Xiangduo Play”)
                    Shanghai Dehan Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Dehan”)                                 Associate
                    Hangzhou Taofan Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Taofan”)                       Associate
                    Hangzhou Jiyue Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Jiyue”)                         Associate
                    Shaoxing Yuyin Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shaoxing Yuyin”)                                 Associate
                    Shanghai Shaoqun Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Shaoqun”)                             Associate
                    Shanghai Yuelong Zhiyu Culture & Technology Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                      (“Shanghai Yuelong”)
                    Mr. Wu Xubo                                                                            Key management personnel
                    Ms. Wu Xuan                                                                            Key management personnel
                    Mr. Luo Xihu                                                                           Key management personnel

            (b)     The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:
                                                                                                              30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)               (Audited)

                    Purchases of services*                                                                      114,981                 25,961


                    *       The services provided to the related party were made according to the prices and terms agreed between the parties.




50   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                   30 June 2026


18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (c)   Other transactions with related parties
         The Group’s investment in Guangzhou Zeda was pledged to the Agricultural Bank of China to guarantee the
         bank borrowings of Guangzhou Zeda with the maximum guarantee amount of RMB405,000,000 as at 30 June
         2026 (31 December 2025: RMB405,000,000).


   (d)   Outstanding balances with related parties
         Amounts due from related parties
                                                                                            30 June            31 December
                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)               (Audited)

         Shanghai Dehan*                                                                       44,843                   53,351
         Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play*                                                          40,000                   37,735
         Shaoxing Yuyin*                                                                       10,793                      127
         Hangzhou Taofan*                                                                       9,286                   11,571
         Hangzhou Jiyue*                                                                        6,826                   10,342
         Shanghai Shaoqun*                                                                      4,087                       —
         Shanghai Yuelong*                                                                      3,831                       —


         Total                                                                               119,666                  113,126


         *       The amounts due from Shanghai Dehan, Shanghai Yier Xiangduo Play, Hangzhou Taofan, Hangzhou Jiyue, Shanghai
                 Shaoqun, Shanghai Yuelong and Shaoxing Yuyin are trade in nature.


   (e)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

         Fees                                                                                     865                      828
         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              1,715                    1,084
         Share-based payments                                                                      —                     5,043
         Pension scheme contributions                                                              42                       38


         Total                                                                                  2,622                    6,993




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   51
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the fair values of the Group’s financial assets or liabilities approximated
            to their respective carrying amounts.

            Management has assessed that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade
            receivables, amounts due from related parties, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other
            assets, trade payables, amounts due to related parties, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, and
            interest-bearing bank borrowings reasonably approximate to their fair values because these financial instruments are
            mostly short term in nature.

            The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
            procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. At each reporting date, the finance department
            analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
            valuation. The directors review the results of the fair value measurement of financial instruments periodically for annual
            financial reporting.

            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
            exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
            methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

            The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities, non-current portion of pledged deposits and non-current
            portion of time deposits have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently
            available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of
            the Group’s own non-performance risk for lease liabilities as at 30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant.

            The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.

            The fair value of asset management products investment has been estimated using asset-based approach.

            The fair value of convertible bonds has been estimated using binomial tree method.




52   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
               Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                     30 June 2026


19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Set out below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
   quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025:

                                               Significant
                          Valuation            unobservable                                    Sensitivity of fair value to
                          technique            inputs                   Range                  the input

   Convertible bonds      Binomial tree        Bond yield               2026: 12.8% to 15.6%   Increase (decrease) in bond
                            method                                                               yield would result in decrease
                                                                                                 (increase) in fair value

                                               Stock price volatility   2026: 50.0% to 61.1%   Increase (decrease) in stock
                                                                                                 price volatility would result
                                                                                                 in increase (decrease) in fair
                                                                                                 value

   Asset management       Asset-based          Stock price              2026: 593.89 to        Increase (decrease) in stock
     products               approach                                      725.87                 price would result in increase
                                                                                                 (decrease) in fair value

                                               Discount for lack of     2026: 16.5% to 20.2%   Increase (decrease) in discount
                                                 marketability                                   for lack of marketability would
                                                                                                 result in decrease (increase) in
                                                                                                 fair value

                                               Stock price volatility   2026: 64.1% to 78.3%   Increase (decrease) in stock
                                                                                                 price volatility would result in
                                                                                                 a decrease (increase) in fair
                                                                                                 value




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   53
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
            Fair value hierarchy
            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

            Assets measured at fair value:

            As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
                                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                              Quoted prices         Significant      Significant
                                                                   in active        observable     unobservable
                                                                    markets             inputs           inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)          (Level 2)        (Level 3)            Total
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

            Listed equity investments, at fair value                1,181,277          305,981                —           1,487,258
            Asset management products                                      —                —          1,722,213          1,722,213
            Others, at fair value                                          —            98,763            95,684            194,447


            Total                                                   1,181,277           404,744        1,817,897          3,403,918


            As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)
                                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                                Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                                     in active       observable     unobservable
                                                                      markets            inputs           inputs
                                                                     (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)            Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

            Listed equity investments, at fair value                1,549,827                 —               —           1,549,827
            Asset management products                                      —                  —        1,318,835          1,318,835
            Others, at fair value                                          —                  —           24,214             24,214


            Total                                                   1,549,827                 —        1,343,049          2,892,876


            The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the period are as follows:

                                                                                                Financial assets at fair value
                                                                                                    through profit or loss
                                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

            At 1 January                                                                             1,343,049                    —
            Total gains recognised in the statement of profit or loss included
               in other income                                                                        402,012                     —
            Purchases                                                                                  72,836                     —


            Total                                                                                    1,817,897                    —




54   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
               Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                           30 June 2026


19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

   As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                 Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                      in active      observable     unobservable
                                                       markets           inputs           inputs
                                                      (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)             Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

   Pledged deposits, non-current portion                     —          712,021                —              712,021
   Non-pledged time deposits with original
      maturity of over one year                              —                —                —                      —


   Total                                                     —          712,021                —              712,021


   As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)
                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                  Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                       in active      observable     unobservable
                                                        markets           inputs           inputs
                                                       (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)              Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

   Pledged deposits, non-current portion                     —          636,965                —              636,965
   Non-pledged time deposits with original
      maturity of over one year                              —            82,831               —                82,831


   Total                                                     —          719,796                —              719,796




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   55
     Notes To Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026


     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
            Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value:

            As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
                                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                                  in active       observable    unobservable
                                                                   markets            inputs          inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)       (Level 3)        Total
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

            Convertible bonds                                             —                 —          389,718      389,718


            The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025.

            During the reporting period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
            transfers into or out of Level 3 for financial assets and financial liabilities.


     20. APPROVAL OF THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
            The interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved and authorized for issue by the board of
            directors on 25 August 2026.




56   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                       Definitions

“AI”                                 Artificial Intelligence

“Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Board

“Board”                              the board of Directors of the Company

“Century Huatong”                    Zhejiang Century Huatong Group Co., Ltd. (浙江世紀華通集團股份有限公司), a
                                     company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002602)

“China” or “the PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China, and for the purposes of this interim report only,
                                     except where the context requires otherwise, references to China or the PRC
                                     exclude Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau

“Company” or “our Company”           Tanwan Inc. (貪玩), an exempted limited liability company incorporated in the
                                     Cayman Islands on March 18, 2021

“Contractual Arrangements”           the series of contractual arrangements entered into by Guangzhou Zhongxu Future
                                     Technology Co., Ltd. (廣 州 中 旭 未 來 科 技 有 限 公 司), an indirect wholly-owned
                                     subsidiary of our Company, Jiangxi Tanwan, and the registered shareholders of
                                     Jiangxi Tanwan, details of which have been set forth under the section headed
                                     “Contractual Arrangements” in the Prospectus

“Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules, and unless the context
                                     otherwise requires, refers to Mr. WU Xubo, WXB BVI 1, WXB BVI 2 and WXB
                                     Holdco

“Corporate Governance Code”          the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                        director(s) of the Company

“ESOP BVIs”                          collectively, GLORIOUS TYCOON LIMITED, WxScarlett Ventures Limited and
                                     WxDR Ventures Limited, which hold the relevant issued Shares on trust for the
                                     Pre-IPO Share Option Plan

“FVTPL”                              fair value through profit or loss

“Global Offering”                    the offer for subscription of the shares as described in the Prospectus

“Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,   the Company, its subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities from time to time,
  “we”, “us”, or “our”               and where the context requires, in respect of the period prior to our Company
                                     becoming the holding company of its present subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if
                                     they were subsidiaries of our Company at the relevant time




                                                                                                Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   57
     Definitions

     “HKFRSs”                            Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

     “HK$”                               Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

     “Hong Kong”                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “IP”                                Intellectual Property

     “Jiangxi Tanwan”                    Jiangxi Tanwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. (江西貪玩信息技術有限公司),
                                         a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 21, 2015, one of the
                                         PRC Operating Entities controlled by our Company through the Contractual
                                         Arrangements

     “KOL(s)”                            key opinion leader(s)

     “Latest Practicable Date”           September 21, 2026

     “Listing”                           the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

     “Listing Date”                      September 28, 2023, being the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                                         commence on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

     “Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                         Kong Limited

     “Main Board”                        the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                         which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                                         Exchange

     “MMORPG”                            massively multiplayer online role-playing games

     “Model Code”                        the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                         out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

     “Moore Threads”                     Moore Threads Technology Co. Ltd. (摩爾線程智能科技(北京)股份有限公司), a
                                         company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688795)

     “PC”                                personal computer

     “PRC Operating Entities”            the entities controlled by our Group through the Contractual Arrangements,
                                         namely Jiangxi Tanwan and its subsidiaries




58   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                   Definitions

“Pre-IPO Share Option Plan”      the pre-IPO share option plan of our Company as adopted on November 4,
                                 2022, a summary of its principal terms is set out in the section headed “Statutory
                                 and General Information — D. Pre-IPO Share Option Plan” in Appendix IV to the
                                 Prospectus

“Prospectus”                     the prospectus issued by the Company on September 18, 2023

“R&D”                            research and development

“Reporting Period”               For the six months ended June 30, 2026

“RMB”                            Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong, as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of
                                 US$0.00002 each

“Shareholder(s)”                 shareholder(s) of the Company

“SLG”                            simulation games, a genre of games that allows players to control characters and
                                 attempt to emulate various activities from real life in the game format

“Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
                                 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

“US dollars”, “USD” or “US$”     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“WXB BVI 1”                      WxLand Holding Limited, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                 liability on March 8, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mr. WU Xubo, and one of
                                 our Controlling Shareholders




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026 Tanwan Inc.   59
     Definitions

     “WXB BVI 2”                         WxLand International Ltd, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                         liability on January 4, 2022, a company owned by WXB BVI 1 as to 50.0%, and
                                         WXB Holdco as to 50.0%, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

     “WXB Holdco”                        WxLand Limited, a business company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                         on September 26, 2022, which is wholly-owned by WxLand Trust, a discretionary
                                         trust established by Mr. WU Xubo as the settlor on September 22, 2022, and one
                                         of our Controlling Shareholders

     “%”                                 percentage




60   Tanwan Inc.   Interim Report 2026
