         EVOLUTION MINING
         CREATING AUSTRALIA’S PREMIER
         GOLD MINING COMPANY
         ABOUT EVOLUTION
         We are a leading, growth-focussed Australian gold miner. Evolution operates
         five wholly-owned mines – Cowal in New South Wales; Mt Carlton, Mt Rawdon,
         and Cracow, in Queensland; and Mungari in Western Australia.

         In addition, Evolution holds an economic interest in Ernest Henry, in Queensland, that will deliver 100% of
         future gold and 30% of future copper and silver produced from an agreed life of mine area. Outside of the life
         of mine area Evolution will have a 49% interest in future copper, gold and silver production from Ernest Henry.

         In FY18 we produced 801,187 ounces of gold at an AISC of A$797 per ounce to reach seven consecutive years
         of achieving production and cost guidance. Evolution has guided FY19 Group gold production of 720,000–
         770,000 ounces at an All-in sustaining cost of A$850–A$900 per ounce of gold.




CONTENTS
Executive Chairman’s Report                       2       Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 56
Sustainability Report                             5       Chief Financial Officer’s Review   63
Chief Operating Officer’s Review                 35       Annual Financial Report            65
Innovations and Asset Optimisation 42                     Shareholder Information          157
Discovery                          46                     Corporate Information            159

Front Cover:
Photo of employees working in the open pit at Mt Rawdon
taken by Fraser Perry (graduate Mining Engineer).
FY18 HIGHLIGHTS


 801
 GOLD PRODUCED
                     koz         A$
                                 AISC
                                        797               /oz         A$     812 A$1.26
                                                                      MINE CASH FLOW
                                                                                               M                           B
                                                                                                       CONTRIBUTION TO AUSTRALIAN ECONOMY




Continued delivery from operations
     ■■   Seventh consecutive year of achieving production and cost guidance
     ■■   Gold production of 801,187 ounces
     ■■   Record low AISC1 of A$797 per ounce (US$618/oz)2
     ■■   Record low All-in Cost (AIC)3 of A$1,033 per ounce (US$800/oz)2
     ■■   Continued improvements in safety with a 31% reduction in TRIF to 5.49



Sector leading cash generation
     ■■   Record operating mine cash flow of A$811.8 million and record net mine cash flow of A$539.94 million
     ■■   Record net mine cash flow at Ernest Henry (A$219.2M), Mt Carlton (A$108.7M) and Mt Rawdon
          (A$49.7M)
     ■■   Group cash balance increased by A$285.8 million to A$323.2 million
     ■■   Net bank debt reduced by A$325.8 million to A$71.8 million
     ■■   Fully franked cash dividends of A$109.9 million paid during FY18



Sustainable long-life asset portfolio
     ■■   Group average reserve life extended to beyond nine years
     ■■   Organic growth delivered through exploration success at Cowal, Mungari and Cracow
     ■■   Cowal’s growth projects Stage H cutback and Float Tails Leach project remain on schedule
          and on budget



Innovative culture
     ■■   Fast firsts and early adopters of new technologies driving asset optimisation to improve safety
          and efficiency, and reducing costs for asset optimisation



Shared value
     ■■   A$1.26B contribution into the Australian economy
     ■■   Five new shared value projects and four environmental enhancement projects




1.   Includes C1 cash cost, plus royalty expense, sustaining capital, general corporate and administration expense
2.   Using the average AUD:USD exchange rate of 0.7752 for FY18
3.   Includes AISC plus growth (major project) capital and discovery expenditure. Calculated on per ounce sold basis
4.   Group total of A$539.9M includes Edna May net mine cash flow of A$0.7M




                                                                  We Say, We Do, We Deliver


                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   1
    Executive Chairman’s Report


                                                                 On behalf of the Board of Directors of
                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited, I am proud to present
                                                                 you with the Company’s 2018 Annual Report.
                                                                 This year’s report also includes our inaugural
                                                                 Sustainability Report which supports our
                                                                 objectives of achieving long-term shareholder
                                                                 value in a corporately responsible manner and
                                                                 highlights the role we play in developing strong
                                                                 and sustainable communities.



                                                                 world and had an unblemished record of delivery into
                                                                 production and cost guidance. On behalf of the Board
                                                                 and Leadership Team, I thank Mark for his significant
                                                                 contribution and wish him every success in the future.

                                                                 Bob Fulker was appointed as Evolution’s new Chief
                                                                 Operating Officer in February 2018 and has brought a
                                                                 strong focus on identifying innovative solutions in safety
                                                                 and operations to further improve the effectiveness and
                                                                 profitability of our assets.
    The 2018 Financial Year was yet another year in which our    In 2018 Evolution reported a record statutory net profit
    people delivered exceptional operating results from our      of A$263.4 million. This was achieved on the back of a
    quality asset portfolio which resulted in achieving record   record operating cash flow of A$811.8 million and a record
    results on nearly every important metric we focus on.        net mine cash flow, after all sustaining and major project
                                                                 capital expenditure, of A$539.9 million.
    We are a relatively young company and we are building
    one that we believe is both unique and distinct. In the      This strong cash generation enabled Evolution to reduce
    seven years since our inception the Company has grown        net debt by A$325.8 million during the period to A$71.8
    a reputation as a transparent, consistent and reliable       million. The Company’s gearing commenced the year at
    gold producer.                                               15.9% and was reduced to 2.7% by 30 June 2018.

    Our core value of safety is critical to our success as a     Ernest Henry, in its first full year in Evolution’s portfolio,
    Company. Evolution remains focused on improving our          made another strong contribution, producing 95,209
    high safety standards across our business. It is pleasing    ounces of gold at an AISC of A$(641) per ounce to
    that in FY18 the Group achieved continued improvements       generate net mine cash flow of A$219.2 million.
    in our Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) with a       Cowal continued to deliver reliable, low-cost production
    31% reduction over the 12 months to 5.49.                    with 257,951 of gold produced at an AISC of A$877 per
    At the same time, the Company continued its track            ounce. Mt Carlton also had another outstanding year with
                                                                 production of 112,479 ounces at an AISC of A$535 per ounce.
    record of delivering to, or outperforming, production
    and cost guidance. This marks seven consecutive              The continued increase in cash generation of the
    years of achieving guidance since Evolution’s formation      business saw a total of A$109.9 million in fully franked
    in 2011.                                                     cash dividends paid during the year based on Evolution’s
                                                                 dividend policy of a payout ratio of 50% of after tax earnings.
    Evolution produced 801,187 ounces of gold in FY18 at an
    All-in Sustaining Cost (AISC) of A$797 per ounce and         Major projects at Evolution’s cornerstone Cowal operation
    an All-in Cost of A$1,033 per ounce. Using the average       progressed well during the year. The Float Tails Leach
    AUD:USD exchange rate for FY18 of 0.7752, Evolution’s        project, which will increase recoveries by 4 – 6%, and the
    AISC equated to US$618 per ounce, ranking Evolution          Stage H cutback both tracked in line with plan. Cowal
    as one of the lowest cost gold producers globally.           currently has a mine life through to 2032 and several
                                                                 significant opportunities are being assessed to increase
    After six and a half years as Evolution’s Chief Operating    production and further extend mine life. This includes
    Officer, Mark Le Messurier departed the Company in           increasing plant throughput from 7.5Mtpa to 9.8Mtpa,
    December 2017. Throughout his time at the Company            co-treating oxide ore and drilling activities to confirm
    Mark helped build Evolution into one of the most             and extend mineralisation at ore bodies outside of the
    highly respected mid-tier gold mining companies in the       main E42 pit, including E41, E46 and Galway/Regal.




2    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
A Modification 14 application to amend the current mining
permit was submitted in March 2018. The application is to
expand the plant to 9.8Mtpa and includes an Integrated
Waste Landform and infrastructure upgrades.
Glen Masterman, Evolution’s VP Discovery and Chief
Geologist, continued to ramp up our activities in this
area with a total discovery spend of A$31.6 million in
FY18. The projects with the highest investment for the
year were Cowal’s E41 and GR46, Mungari regional and
Cracow extensional drilling.

Our focus on delivering on our strategy of upgrading the
quality of our asset portfolio continued with the sale of
the Edna May operation in September 2017 for an upfront
payment of A$40 million and a contingent payment of up
to an additional A$50 million.

Across our entire business our people have continued
to work incredibly hard during the year and I would
like to thank each and every Evolution employee and
contractor for their contribution. Our people are our most
important asset and we want to make every person’s time
                                                                Executing a clear and
at Evolution a highlight of their career. I also appreciate
the support that our Leadership Team has received from
                                                                consistent strategy
the Board of Directors this year and recognise this as a
critical ingredient of our success.

Evolution remains focused on prioritising margins
over production growth and is forecasting Group gold
production in FY19 of 720,000 – 770,000 ounces at an
AISC in the range of A$850/oz – A$900/oz.

Evolution has a strong platform of high-quality assets
with an average reserve life in excess of nine years. All
assets are located in the safe jurisdiction of Australia with
a highly skilled workforce, and in an attractive operating
environment. Our balance sheet is strong, our assets are
generating substantial cash flow and our business is now
well positioned to prosper through the cycle.



Yours faithfully




JAKE KLEIN
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN




                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   3
4   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT
FY18 Sustainability Highlights

Safety
       ■■   Safety improvement: 31% reduction in Total Recordable Injury Frequency

Socio-economic contributions
       ■■   Five new Shared Value Projects commenced
       ■■   A$1.26B contributed to the Australian economy
       ■■   A$80M in direct spend with local organisations
       ■■   52% local employment across our operations

Environmental
       ■■   Four Environmental Enhancement projects underway
       ■■   Zero material environmental incidents
       ■■   Zero fines for environmental incident/non-conformance

Diversity
       ■■   50% female graduate intake for FY19
       ■■   Flexible work arrangements and helping parents return to work
       ■■   4% of our employees identify as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander

Social licence to operate
       ■■   High approval rating from our stakeholders1

  1.        Determined by a study using the Stakeholder 360® research and engagement framework. Evolution was rated in the ‘high approval’
            category (4.06 out of 5.00) . The mean social licence score in over 2,000 cases of social licence studied globally is 3.391.




            Reporting what matters to our business
            and our stakeholders




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    5
    Our vision, strategy and values


    Our vision
    Inspired people creating Australia’s premier gold company
    – a sustainable business that prospers through the cycle.
    We have grown into a globally relevant mid-tier gold producer
    since inception in November 2011.


    Our strategy
    We have a clear and consistent strategy:
       ■   Build a reputation for reliability and transparency
       ■   Reduce All-in Sustaining Costs
       ■   Increase free cash flow per share
       ■   Increase returns via dividends
       ■   Extend mine life




    Our values
    guide our behaviours and decisions in the workplace every day:




                          Safety:                                    Excellence:
                          Think before we act,                       We take pride in our
                          every job, every day.                      work, deliver our best
                                                                     and always strive to
                                                                     improve.




                          Accountability:                            Respect:
                          If it is my responsibility,                We trust each other, act
                          I own it – good or bad.                    honestly and consider
                                                                     each other’s opinion.




6    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Sustainability Report


DIRECT SPEND                                                 CONTRIBUTION TO THE AUSTRALIAN ECONOMY




A$         80
TO LOCAL COMMUNITY ORGANISATIONS
                                     M                       A$
                                                             IN FY18
                                                                    1.26                       B

REDUCTION IN INJURIES                                        NEW SHARED VALUE PROJECTS




            31
TRIF: FY18 = 5.49 (FY17 = 7.96)
                               %
                                                             5
Evolution’s inaugural Sustainability Report - providing transparency on the role we play in
developing strong and sustainable communities in the interests of all stakeholders.
For us, being a sustainable business is about building a    our people and that we continue to deliver an
company that allows us to deliver long-term value to our    outstanding level of environmental performance.
investors while recognising our broader responsibilities    We seek opportunities to effectively manage water
to our other stakeholders. We believe that our direct and   and energy, minimise waste, and to reduce our
indirect economic contribution should generate shared       environmental footprint. We currently have four
value for all stakeholders, measured not only by the        environmental enhancement projects underway. We
superior returns we deliver to our shareholders, but also   foster a culture where our people do the right thing
by the positive legacies we leave in our communities.       because they want to, not because they have to, and
Our people are integral to our success and the delivery     this saw us reduce the number of injuries in FY18 by 31%.
of our long-term strategy.
                                                            We work to attract, engage, develop and retain talented
 In FY18 we contributed A$1.26 billion to the Australian    people not only with the right skills but with the right
 economy (approximately A$6.0 billion since formation
                                                            mindset. We want our people’s time at Evolution to
 of Evolution) and spent around A$80 million directly
                                                            be the highlight of their career. We invest in bespoke
with local community organisations. We attained a
                                                            leadership programs as it is our leaders who are most
‘social licence to operate’ score that placed us in the
                                                            influential in shaping the culture of our teams.
‘high approval’ category which is a very strong result
compared to other mining companies1.                        We believe that corporate governance is essential
                                                            to sustained value creation and we are committed
Our partnership approach reflects our values of
                                                            to maintaining a high standard in all aspects of
Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect and is
guided by our Community Principles. In addition to          corporate governance.
our sponsorships and donations, we partner with our         The voluntary reporting landscape is evolving rapidly,
community stakeholders on Shared Value Projects             and we are committed to actively participating in
– legacy projects that will provide benefits to the         enhanced disclosure of sustainability issues and
community that last beyond the life of the mine. In FY18    opportunities. In FY18, we engaged an independent
we established five new Shared Value Projects, including    sustainability consultant to facilitate a workshop with
a business opportunity for one of our Queensland
                                                            various leaders across our business to identify and
traditional owner partners and a regional tourism
                                                            prioritise our sustainability topics. The material topics
initiative in central west NSW.
                                                            chosen were also informed by our engagement with
Operating within an extractive industry, we know it is      stakeholders, including our 2018 Stakeholder Perception
essential to provide a healthy and safe workplace for       Survey (Deloitte).


1.   Stakeholder Perception Survey – Deloitte 2018




                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   7
         Our inaugural Sustainability Report addresses Evolution’s sustainability
         performance for the financial year ending 30 June 2018. This report provides
         information on economic, social and environmental topics that were identified
         as mattering most to our business and our stakeholders and builds upon the
         information we disclosed in our FY17 Annual Report. The key topics identified are:

         ■■   Heath, Safety and Wellbeing
         ■■   Local communities
         ■■   Traditional Custodians
         ■■   Procurement practices
         ■■   Effluents and waste
         ■■   Economic performance
         ■■   Water
         ■■   Biodiversity
         ■■   Energy use and emissions
         ■■   Mine closure and rehabilitation
         ■■   Employment




8   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Micro purge bore sampling trials at Mt Rawdon




  Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   9
     Corporate Governance


     Evolution supports the intent of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Principles and Recommendations (3rd Edition)
     and meets specific requirements unless disclosed otherwise. Our full Corporate Governance Statement is available in the
     corporate governance section of our website at https://evolutionmining.com.au/corporate-governance/.




     Evolution’s Governance Framework




                                                                                                       Executive
                                Board of Directors
                                                                                                       Chairman


                                        Board Sub
                                       Committees




     Nomination &                                                    Risk
                                             Audit
     Remuneration                                                 Management



                                   Group
                               Leadership Team




10    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Safety


We want our people to go home safely to their families. We foster a safety culture where people
do the right thing for themselves and those around them because they believe in it, rather than
because there is a rule in place.
The safety, health and wellbeing of our people is of                                  In FY18 we improved our safety performance achieving
paramount importance to us and we believe that every                                  further significant reductions in our total recordable
injury is preventable and that no task is so important                                injury frequency (TRIF) from 7.96 to 5.49 and significant
that it cannot be done safely.                                                        safety occurrence frequency from 4.95 to 3.20 (15%
                                                                                      target reduction). Our focus on preventing vehicle
We work collaboratively with our internal and external
                                                                                      incidents moved to “business as usual” and there was
stakeholders to identify and manage risks in the
                                                                                      a further reduction in incidents over the year. We
workplace striving to apply innovative and sustainable
                                                                                      developed and rolled out our Critical Control plans
solutions that continuously improve our practices.
                                                                                      for additional safety risks at each operational site and
We have developed a comprehensive Health, Safety &                                    completed assurance reviews at the end of the year.
Environmental (HSE) management system which our
                                                                                      During the year, we focussed on improving the safety
operations must comply with. Each calendar year, every
                                                                                      culture at each operational site. Audits were undertaken
site is subject to audit to ensure compliance with these
                                                                                      in December and June with each site demonstrating an
HSE standards.
                                                                                      improvement in safety culture.


Note: TRIF is calculated based on the frequency of total recordable injuries per million hours worked.




        In FY19 we will continue with existing programs and commence new initiatives that will help drive our
        strategy and the achievement of our key goals. These will include:

        ■■   Two Critical Control assurance audits per site presented to the leadership team
        ■■   All critical control audit actions closed out by agreed time frames




                                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   11
     Safety (continued)


     We are very proud of our FY18 safety achievements
       ■■   31% reduction in total recordable injury frequency
       ■■   35% reduction in significant safety occurrence frequency
       ■■   An average of 110 safety interactions conducted daily
       ■■   Approximately 460 Take 5 pre-start safety checks conducted daily
       ■■   Conducted external safety audits of all our operations against the Evolution Safety and
            Health Management system
       ■■   Hosted our fourth Evolution Mine Rescue Challenge and the NSW Mine Rescue challenge
            which were held at West Wyalong



     Awards in FY18
       ■■   Victorian Mine Rescue competition – combined Evolution team Search and Rescue winner
            and Breathing Apparatus practical winner




     We live by our Safety Principles
       ■■ Management takes accountability for safety performance
       ■■ Everyone is empowered to stop “at risk” behaviour and control

          unsafe conditions
       ■■ Everyone takes accountability for his/her own safety and for the

          safety of those around them
       ■■ All injuries and incidents are preventable

       ■■ No task is so important that it cannot be done safely




12   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Emergency Response


Evolution continues to build mine rescue skills, capability   Challenge. Five teams participated in the Evolution
and resources across the Group. We have five Emergency        challenge and eight teams in the New South Wales
Response Teams (ERT) with a total of 147 members. Our         challenge. Our goal was for each team and its members
teams have played an important role in supporting our         to develop their skills substantially as a direct result
operations and nearby communities.                            of the challenge. The exercises included theory, multi-
                                                              casualty incident, search and rescue, road crash rescue
Over the last 12 months, our ERT personnel were first
                                                              and fire scenarios. It also involved a group scenario at the
responders to 16 offsite emergency incidents that
occurred within our local communities. These incidents        local flour mill involving community members and local
included motor vehicle accidents, fires, farm incidents       emergency services where everyone worked together.
and medical emergencies. The Mungari ERT provided             The scenarios were designed to be realistic and replicate
assistance in Kalgoorlie following a significant storm in     the intensity of emergency situations that could occur
November 2017.                                                in a mine. Often this involved noise, wetness, darkness,
                                                              inaccessible or hidden casualties, uncooperative patients
Evolution participated in a number of Mine Rescue             and time constraints. There was great support from
events in FY18 as part of its commitment to safety and        the local community and emergency services for both
developing the skills of its people.                          challenges which were hugely successful in building the
A team attended the Victorian Mine Rescue Competition         resolve and abilities of the teams involved.
and performed outstandingly well, winning the Search          In December 2017, a Memorandum of Understanding
and Rescue exercise and the Breathing Apparatus               (MOU) was signed between Evolution and the New
practical event. This event highlighted the great             South Wales State Emergency Service (SES). The MOU
collaboration between our mine rescue crews across
                                                              outlines how Evolution’s staff will provide support to the
different sites. For example, crews from as far away as
                                                              New South Wales SES to build their operational response
Mt Carlton and Cowal worked together on specialised
                                                              capability. Evolution also has agreements in place with
training, including swift water rescue.
                                                              various emergency service agencies in Queensland,
We held our fourth Group Mine Rescue Challenge at West        Western Australia and New South Wales to work in
Wyalong showgrounds in New South Wales, and in the            partnership to support communities during any future
same week, hosted the New South Wales Mine Rescue             natural disasters.




Getting prepared for the Group Mine Rescue Challenge




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      13
     Pre-start stretching exercises at our Cowal operations
                                                                 FY18 Health and Wellbeing
                                                                 Achievements
                                                                  ■■   More than 75% workforce participate in our Health
                                                                       and Wellbeing program
                                                                  ■■   1,060 proactive rehabilitation interventions taken


     Health and Wellbeing
                                                                  ■■   7,760 one-on-one health consultations
                                                                  ■■   2,029 Epworth sleep assessments
                                                                  ■■   Reductions in BMI, Blood Glucose and
                                                                       Cholesterol levels
                                                                  ■■   Onsite gym facilities and access to health
                                                                       professionals at our remote camps
     Promoting and supporting the wellness of our people          ■■   Group exercise activities at remote camps
     is a mandate of our Safety and Health policy. Evolution
                                                                  ■■   Employee Assistance Program (EAP) available to
     is committed to investment in many activities that
                                                                       all employees and immediate family members
     benefit our people’s health and wellbeing including the
     provision of services by our health partners. Evolution      ■■   Embracing R U OK? Day
     offers confidential monthly one-on-one health
     consultations by physiologists to help individuals
     achieve positive health and wellbeing outcomes. This




                                                                 75
     may include the tracking of health metrics such as
     blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose levels and weight,
     the provision of tailored exercise programs and proactive
     rehabilitation interventions.



                                                                                     %
     The R U OK? Organisation has a mission to inspire and
     empower everyone to meaningfully connect with people
     around them and to support anyone struggling with
     life to genuinely change behaviour Australia-wide. At
     Evolution we embrace R U OK? Day. Not just once a year,     PARTICIPATION IN VOLUNTARY
     but with regular reminders throughout the year to check     HEALTH AND WELLBEING PROGRAMS
     in on our colleagues’ mental health.




14    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Our People and Culture


Inspired people creating Australia’s premier gold company
One of the biggest challenges we face as an industry is attracting and retaining talented people.
We want working at Evolution to be the highlight of our people’s career and we believe we have
the right group of people with a strong sense of purpose who are focussed on the continued
delivery of our strategy.

Building a strong culture
We have continued to build a strong culture based on our
values of Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect
and have focussed on increasing our engagement levels
and making Evolution an even greater place to work.
This year we focussed on:

■■   Developing our people via our leadership
     development programs, individual development plans
     and on the job training
■■   Establishing employee consultation groups
■■   Embracing knowledge sharing using technology
     eg Yammer, as well as face to face forums
■■   Enhancing employee recognition programs

Focussing on creating an inclusive and
diverse workplace
To us, diversity is about commitment to equality and the
treatment of all individuals with respect. Diversity refers               ■■   88% of employees who took parental leave
to all characteristics that make people different from                         returned to the workplace.
each other including religion, race, ethnicity, language,            ■■   Leveraging industry body memberships to offer
gender, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other                  mentee and mentor opportunities
area of potential difference. Managing diversity makes us
                                                                     ■■   Attracting more female job applicants through
creative, productive, responsive, competitive and creates
                                                                          targeted advertising
value for our shareholders.
                                                                     ■■   Increasing female participation in our pipeline
Mining is the most male dominated industry in Australia1.                 programs
As of 30 June 2018, we had a total of 1,263 employees of                  ■■   Current graduates: 40% female (exceeding
which 1,097 are male (86.9%) and 166 (13.1%) are female.                       the 30% target)
In FY18 we paid attention to providing pathways to                        ■■   FY18 vacation students: 29% female
increase the number of women in our business and to                       ■■   2019 graduates: 50% female
helping mums and dads back into the workplace after                  Our workforce is comprised of 4% Aboriginal or Torres Strait
taking parental leave. Some of our initiatives included:             permanent employees and more than half of our workforce
■■   Increasing the number of flexible working                       are from our local communities (52%).
     arrangements eg adjusted start and finish times,                See our Workplace Gender Equality Public Report for
     compressed work weeks, and altered rosters                      further information on our workforce profile and our
■■   Reviewing our practices for pre, during and post                Diversity Policy is available on our website under the
     parental leave for males and females                            Corporate Governance section.


1.   Source: Workplace Gender Equality Agency data comparison 2017
     www.data.wgea.gov.au




                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    15
     Our People and Culture (continued)




     “Flexible work arrangements allow me to start later so that I can drop my son off
      at before school care. Without this flexibility, I would not be able to perform this role.
      It’s very important to me that I can attend special school functions that occur
      during normal work hours such as certificate presentations and sporting events.
      I make up the time spent offsite at these events. I greatly appreciate this flexibility.”

     Marcelle - Geologist




16    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Our People and Culture (continued)


Inspiring future miners
We are excited to be playing our part in building awareness amongst our younger people that mining offers a variety of
vocational and professional career pathways. Our approach is to inspire, connect and engage with students via practical
experiences and direct interactions with our mine sites and specialists to unearth these pathway possibilities.




      Jason – Mining Engineer and Finance vacation student
      Following my time as an engineering student, I aimed to improve my
      understanding of how the industry works as a whole. Being part of
      Evolution’s finance team, I gained depth and understanding of the
      importance of this role within the mining industry. I was challenged and
      given my own roles and responsibilities. I noticed that Evolution stands
      by their values. It has been very rewarding to be part of a company
      where the same principles and standards employed onsite are being
      displayed offsite. Evolution has given me the greatest possible start to
      my career in this exciting industry.




Some of our initiatives to help inspire students in
FY18 included:
                                                                    Our flagship Graduate program
■■   Mine site tours with our local community schools               We believe Evolution can play a role in developing future
                                                                    leaders and have implemented a graduate program that
■■   Hosted high school work experience students at
                                                                    is now getting nationwide recognition. The Australian
     our sites and offices providing ‘realistic job previews’
                                                                    Association of Graduate Employers ranked Evolution in
     of mining life
                                                                    the top 75 graduate employers. Evolution was the only
■■   High School scholarships offered to final year                 gold mining company named in this group.
     students to support tertiary education studies,
     particularly in STEM (Science, Technology,                     We have run three graduate programs with a bi-annual
     Engineering and mathematics) related fields                    intake of around 9-12 graduates. The program runs over
                                                                    two years, with a range of rotations which provides broad
■■   Partnered with university faculties to host student
                                                                    exposure across many aspects of our business.
     study tours involving ‘hands on’ experience and
     mentoring by our Geology teams                                 In FY18 we promoted graduate alumni into the roles
■■   Hosted information and ‘meet and greet’ sessions               of: Business Analyst (reporting directly to our Chief
     with university mining faculties, highlighting the             Operations Officer); Project Geoscientist within Group
     vacation and graduate student experience offerings             Discovery; and Project Manager at Cowal. In 2019,
                                                                    we will expand our Graduate intake by 20%.
■■   Supported engineering student Demonstration
     Days by making our managers available to provide               Further information on our vacation and graduate
     technical guidance and coaching to the students                programs is available on our website https://
■■   Provided winter and summer vacation student                    evolutionmining.com.au/graduate-vacation-programs
     opportunities across each of our sites creating
     a pipeline of talent for our graduate program




                                                                                  Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   17
     Our People and Culture (continued)


     Developing our people
     We recognise that development is not a ‘one size fits all’ and have therefore designed a suite of personal and professional
     development opportunities for our people including:
        ■■   Performance and development planning – by setting annual performance goals aligned to our annual Balanced
             Business Plan, tracking progress, and receiving direct feedback at biannual reviews and informally throughout the year,
             our people are clear on performance and development expectations.
        ■■   Bespoke leadership development programs – our three tailored programs GOLD (intensive leadership experience),
             Silver (frontline leader workshop) and Alloy (leadership application) equipped over 100 of our leaders to drive a high
             performing team culture.
        ■■   Functional technical forums – to share expertise, practice and knowledge to drive operational efficiencies through
             emerging technologies and applied innovation.
        ■■   Mentoring – we matched high performing senior leaders with a Leadership Team member as a mentor which resulted
             in 33% of participants being internally promoted. We have a dedicated mentoring resource portal where our people can
             initiate their own mentoring relationships with the support of their Manager.
        ■■   Study support – acquiring new skills and knowledge helps our people to perform at their best and delivers better
             business outcomes. Our employee benefits include financial study assistance and time off to study.




     “I completed the Silver program.
     It reinforced a lot of what I am
     already doing as a leading hand
     and gave me confidence to tackle
     more difficult issues that arise. It
     also taught me that leading by
     example is the best way to go. I was
     given the opportunity to complete
     my Certificate III in Mobile Plant
     Maintenance. My Superintendent
     encouraged me to complete my
     apprenticeship onsite to give me
     more confidence mentoring staff and
     a better understanding of the safety
     aspects of the system components.”

     Doug - Step Up Leading Hand




18    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Act Like an Owner


Our Act like an Owner (ALO) program
has continued to be a key program in
recognising our people for showing pride
and commitment, being open to new ideas,
supporting each other, being courageous and
doing the right thing for the long term.
In late FY18 we streamlined this process allowing for
easier submission of ALO nominations and more timely
recognition of our people who are nominated.



Our focus for FY19
   ■■   Monthly Culture Pulse Survey to drive
        improvements
   ■■   Laser focus on roles and functions – to ensure
        people are working on the right things at the
        right level
   ■■   Double the number of ALO nominations received
        in FY18
   ■■   Continue to develop our approach to inclusion
        and diversity and pilot a ‘Return to Work’ flexible
        working program at our Mungari operations for
        men and women who have been out of paid work
        for two plus years
   ■■   Extend our engagement with our local schools
        and Universities to build STEM capability and
        support vocational and professional talent
        pipelines
   ■■   Broaden our talent review and succession
        planning approach to emerging leaders and
        key specialists to strengthen leadership and
        talent bench strength




        Our employees were again offered the
        opportunity to increase their ownership
        in the business through an employee
        share offer.




                                                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   19
20   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Social Responsibility


We believe we have an obligation to create                                            SOCIAL LICENCE TO OPERATE
shared value for all our stakeholders.
This is measured as much by the positive legacies we leave in our
communities and the people whose lives we enrich as by the superior returns
                                                                                      ‘HIGH
we deliver to our shareholders.
                                                                                      APPROVAL’
                                                                                      RATING FROM
Listening to our stakeholders                                                         STAKEHOLDERS
In FY18 we completed our biennial Stakeholder Perception Study, facilitated
by Deloitte, to understand our stakeholders’ key areas of interest and concern
and to measure the quality of our relationships. High quality relationships
produce more social capital and are a foundation for social licence to operate.

We canvassed the views of 100 key stakeholders and 300 randomly selected
members of the public across our five operations. Our Social Licence score
was determined by using the Stakeholder 360® research and engagement
framework. Evolution was rated in the ‘high approval’ (4.06 out of 5.00)
category of social licence, with Deloitte noting that this is a high level of
social licence compared to other mining companies. The mean social licence
score in over 2,000 cases of social licence studied globally is 3.391.

The study showed that what matters most to our stakeholders is local
employment, local procurement and community investment, whilst the key
areas of concern are environmental impacts and planning for closure.

Each operation identified key actions to address the feedback received. We
will report our progress against these actions and ensure we continue our
open dialogue with stakeholders and maintain our reputation for transparency.

Evolution has procedures to ensure complaints are handled appropriately and
are promptly addressed. We share learnings across the business to prevent
future similar incidents and we actively work to minimise the number of
complaints received.



Community investment

                                                                                      5 NEW
We are committed to investing in our communities and partnering to achieve
meaningful outcomes and to generate shared value. We share the economic
benefit by, wherever possible, prioritising local procurement and local
employment and training opportunities, particularly for our local indigenous
communities.                                                                          SHARED
We make a significant economic contribution to the Australian economy
as well as directly within our local communities (see page 26).                       VALUE
In addition to our sponsorships and donations, we collaborate to implement
projects that will continue to benefit the community long beyond the life             PROJECTS
of the mine. These Shared Value Projects will be particularly important for
planning for closure and supporting the viability of communities beyond               BUILDING COMMUNITY
the life of mine which our stakeholders indicated were a very high priority           RESILIENCE
at every operation in our Stakeholder Perception Study.

1.   Boutilier, R. Technical notes on the SLO measure, 2015




We collaborate to implement projects that will continue to benefit the community
beyond the life of the mine.



                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   21
     Somewhere Down the Lachlan (NSW) sculpture trail - a Shared Value Project to promote regional tourism




     In FY18 we commenced five new Shared Value Projects                 a freight business, to be owned by Birriah, which
     within our local communities:                                       will consolidate freight in Townsville, deliver to our
                                                                         Mt Carlton operation and grow to service other
     ■■   Cowal, NSW - Somewhere Down the Lachlan
                                                                         businesses in the region. Supported by QUBE
          Partnership with Forbes Art Society and local
                                                                         Logistics and other external partners.
          Councils to develop a significant regional tourist
          attraction linking the Forbes, Lachlan and Bland          ■■   Mt Rawdon, Qld - Mt Perry Men’s Shed
          Shires. The initiative includes a sculpture trail along        Partnership to enhance the local Men’s Shed facilities,
          the Lachlan River, regular food and wine events that           including tools, equipment and infrastructure for their
          promote local produce to restaurants and consumers,            new shed. Men’s Sheds enhance mental health, build
          and promotion of indigenous and other local art                mateship and strengthen community spirit. They also
          through sales and art classes.                                 provide valuable services to the community.

     ■■   Mt Carlton, Qld - ‘Birriah Freight’ Business              ■■   Cracow, Qld - Cracow Community Caravan Park
          Partnership with the Birriah People to establish               Partnership with Banana Shire Council to expand
                                                                         the Heritage Centre Caravan Park from 3 serviced




22    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
     sites to 11. Ownership will transition from Evolution    Evolution received the Community Event of the Year
     to the Cracow Community Centre, a community              Award in the Mt Perry Australia Day awards for delivering
     co-operative. This will enable increased tourism in      various health initiatives to the local community including
     Cracow, provide potential for new local business         skin checks, flu injections, first aid training and hosting
     opportunities and generate a sustainable income          the Mt Perry Charity Ball that raised over A$33,000 to
     stream for the local community.                          assist the prevention of suicide.
■■   Mungari, WA - Hannans Primary School - Sensory
     Nature Play Area                                         We were named Community Citizen of the Year at
     Partnership to create a natural outdoor play area        the Coolgardie Shire Australia Day Awards for our
     providing opportunities for children from the school     contribution to the community, including two Shared
     and local community organisations to develop a           Value Projects, construction of a sensory nature play area
     range of skills and senses that are vital for physical   and bush tucker garden in Coolgardie Primary School
     and brain development.                                   and a youth park in the community centre.




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     23
     Traditional Custodians and Cultural Heritage


     We respect the role of the traditional custodians of the      Bridge collaboration with key supply partners; and our
     land on which we operate, and we value the partnerships       establishment of the Birriah Freight business. We also
     we have built with them. We take our responsibility to        provide scholarships for secondary and tertiary students,
     protect and manage Cultural Heritage extremely seriously      traineeships, apprenticeships and direct and indirect
     and we are working with our indigenous partners to            employment.
     develop and deliver Cultural Awareness training at each
                                                                   Whilst traineeships and entry level positions offer an
     operation to ensure we remain informed and respectful.
                                                                   important first step, we believe leadership development
     We are committed to partnering to advance the                 and promotion opportunities are critical for delivering
     outcomes for indigenous people and we have                    sustainable outcomes. For example, we are pleased that
     implemented various initiatives to deliver this, including:   two of our three Wulli Wulli trainees at Cracow were
     our successful Shared Value Project with Gudjuda              provided with full time positions in FY18.
     Reference Group Aboriginal Corporation; our Project




     Braydon – Our Apprentice Fitter
     from the Birriah People
     Braydon commenced his career at our Mt Carlton
     operation in January 2014 as one of five trainees from
     the Birriah People. He completed a Certificate II in
     Resource Processing and was offered permanent
     employment, becoming a very competent processing
     operator. Braydon developed a keen interest in
     maintenance, assisting the team in his spare time, and
     was awarded the position of Apprentice Fitter. Braydon
     also stepped up to join the Emergency Response Team,
     became a mentor to his indigenous colleagues and
     acted as a role model to other employees.




     CULTURAL HERITAGE
     INCIDENTS: NIL
     CULTURAL HERITAGE-RELATED
     INFRINGEMENTS: NIL
     COST OF CULTURAL
     HERITAGE-RELATED
     INFRINGEMENTS: NIL

                                                                      NAIDOC celebrations (Cowal Partnering Program
                                                                      funded event at Condobolin, NSW)




24    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Charmaine – winner of the 2018
Exceptional Indigenous Person
in Queensland Resources
We were proud to see Charmaine named the 2018
Exceptional Indigenous Person in Queensland
Resources. Charmaine, a Wulli Wulli person, joined
our Cracow operation in 2012 as Safety Administrator,
quickly progressing to Administration Team Leader.
Her leadership qualities, drive for delivering positive
community outcomes and ability to act as a mentor
and confidante to people at all levels saw Charmaine
promoted into the Group Community Relations
Advisor role in 2017.


Further examples of our community initiatives and outcomes are provided on our website:
www.evolutionmining.com.au/community/




                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   25
         Our Socio-Economic Contributions


         We make significant contributions to local, regional and national economies directly through the payment of taxes and
         royalties to governments, as well as to our workforce and suppliers. In FY18 we contributed A$1.26B to the Australian
         economy and approximately A$6B since Evolution formed in 2011.




         A$      80                  M                               >A$        1.26                      B
         DIRECT SPEND WITH LOCAL ORGANISATIONS                       CONTRIBUTED INTO AUSTRALIAN ECONOMY




                     ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION FY18 (A$M)                                    EVOLUTION ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION
                                                                                               SINCE INCEPTION (A$B)

                                                                                   7.0

       DIVIDENDS                                          TAXES $48                6.0                                               1.26
             $110
                                                          INTEREST $20             5.0                                       1.12

                                                                                  4.0
     ROYALTIES                                                                                                        1.05
          $66
                                                                                   3.0
                                                                                                               0.60

                                                                                   2.0                  0.60
                                                                                                 0.84
                                                                                   1.0
                                                                                          0.5
                                               SUPPLIER                           0.0     FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17    FY18
                  WAGES $256                   PAYMENTS
                                                  $761




                                                                                         A$      6.0                  B
                                                                                         EVOLUTION ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION
                                                                                         SINCE INCEPTION (A$B)




        Tax Transparency Code
        The Australian Board of Taxation released a voluntary Tax Transparency Code in 2016 designed to encourage greater
        transparency within the corporate sector of its compliance with Australian tax laws. We have adopted this voluntary
        reporting and continue to provide this information on the Evolution Mining website under the Corporate Governance section.




26        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Protecting the Environment


We are committed to attaining an outstanding level of environmental performance in all
our workplaces

Management Approach                                          We are focussed on enhancing environmental
                                                             stewardship through the development and
Evolution incorporates environmental considerations          implementation of quarterly environmental assurance
into all areas of our business to effectively manage         reviews and integrating environmental considerations
environmental impacts and risks. We have an                  into our Life of Mine Plans across all sites. We undertake
Environment and Sustainability Policy that we expect         periodic reviews to ensure that our environmental
our people and contractors to adhere to (available           performance targets and objectives are being achieved.
to view on our website under the Sustainability/
Environment section).

We believe we have a social responsibility to not only
achieve all legislative compliance expectation but to        In FY18 we maintained our track
strive for leading practice and to meet the expectations
of the communities we operate within and are part of.        record of no material environmental
We developed and implemented 11 Environmental                incidents and had four environmental
Protocols to lift us to a higher standard of environmental   enhancement projects underway.
performance and have instituted governance reviews for
our tailings storage facilities.




                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    27
     Protecting the Environment (continued)


     Environmental Enhancement                                       1.   Air Quality
                                                                     2. Biodiversity Management
     Projects                                                        3. Chemical Management
                                                                     4. Cyanide Management
     Coastal rehabilitation                                          5. Water Management
     We have partnered with North Queensland Dry Topics              6. Hydrocarbon Management
     to sponsor the Burdekin waterways environmental                 7.   Waste rock Management
     enhancement project. The project involves the extraction
                                                                     8. Rehabilitation and closure Management
     of weeds in the Kalamia Creek to reinstate an open body
     of wetlands, restore fauna diversity and improve farm           9. Tailing Management
     productivity.                                                   10. Waste Management
                                                                     11. Energy efficiency
     Wildlife rescue - online training courses                       The environmental topics identified as being most
     We have partnered with WIRES (NSW Wildlife                      important to our business and stakeholders are reported
     Information Rescue Education Services) to develop               on below.
     online training for volunteers in NSW, SA, QLD and WA.
     This initiative will improve access to training, reduce costs
     incurred by WIRES and the volunteers, and enhance the           Water Management
     services provided.
                                                                     Evolution takes a proactive approach to responsible
     Mallee fowl recovery in the Bland Shire                         water management and as a minimum complies with all
                                                                     relevant water licensing requirements set by Government
     The Mallee fowl population in NSW is listed as                  and industry regulators. Our water management protocol
     endangered. Evolution has partnered with the Lake               ensures that our operations effectively manage water,
     Cowal Foundation and the NSW Government to support              including process water, stormwater, discharges and
     the revitalisation of the Mallee fowl species in regional       dewatering activities.
     NSW as part of a greater National program which is
     being led by the Commonwealth Government.                       We utilise probabilistic site water balance models to
                                                                     predict water flow and requirements during droughts and
     Rehabilitation and land care                                    storm-water flows.

     We have partnered with the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Urban             Our operations prepare for seasonal variations in water
     Land Care Group to upgrade the nursery and expand               flow and maintain routine dewatering activities to satisfy
     communication programs for enhanced awareness of                water licence conditions.
     rehabilitation programs being undertaken.                       Each operation has different hydrogeological settings
                                                                     ranging from fresh to hypersaline surface and
     Voluntary nature refuge reserve at Mt Perry                     underground water and specific site licence to operate
                                                                     conditions.
     This project involves the voluntary preservation of
                                                                     In addition, there are water management requirements
     approximately 10 square kilometres of land owned by
                                                                     associated with tailings and waste rock management
     Evolution near our Mt Rawdon operation at Mt Perry to
                                                                     designed to manage risks associated with unwanted
     create a nature refuge for local fauna (e.g. koalas and
                                                                     events.
     gliders). This project will help protect otherwise at-risk
     native fauna.                                                   The various streams of water have specific water
                                                                     management requirements. The protocol guides
                                                                     operations to ensure that clean water is kept separate
     Environmental Protocols                                         from contaminated water (a similar management strategy
                                                                     is used for other waste by-product streams).
     Our Environmental Protocols consist of 11 benchmarks
                                                                     We monitor fresh water (surface, groundwater and
     for best practice management in key business risk areas
                                                                     rainwater intake) and recycled water volumes to ensure
     such as Waste Rock Management, Cyanide Management
                                                                     controls are implemented. FY18 water data from our sites
     and Mine Closure and Rehabilitation. All our sites and
                                                                     is provided over page.
     workplaces are required to meet the protocols which are
     audited on a regular basis. Details of each protocol are        Environmental data (water, air emissions and energy)
     provided on our website https://evolutionmining.com.au/         reported from our operations is collated and verified by
     environment-2/                                                  external environmental accountants Greenbase.




28    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Protecting the Environment (continued)


FY18 Total Water Withdrawal
 FY18 parameter                   Cowal gold       Cracow         Mt Carlton       Mt Rawdon          Mungari             Total
                                   operation     operation        operation         operation        operation
 Surface water (ML)                    1,274           487              283              33.6                 -           2,077
 Groundwater - mine                     556                  -            81                 -           2,575              3,212
 dewatering (ML)
 Groundwater - borefields (ML)         1,476                 -          0.11                 -                -             1,476
 Rainwater (ML)                            -          38.4                   -           1,817                -             1,856
 Municipal water (ML)                      -                 -               -               -              59                 59
 Other water (ML)                          -                 -               -               -                -                 -
 Total                                3,305            526              364              1,851          2,634            8,680



FY18 Water Recycled and Reused
 FY18 parameter                  Cowal gold       Cracow         Mt Carlton      Mt Rawdon           Mungari             Total
                                  operation     operation        operation        operation         operation
 Total volume reused (ML)              2,711           305               171            2,801            1,030            7,018



Note: Water recycled and reused exceeded the withdrawal volume at Mt Rawdon mainly due to above average rainfall
experienced in the Bundaberg region.



Climate Change, Emissions and Energy
Evolution acknowledges that Climate Change is occurring and its effects have the potential to impact our business. In
FY19 we plan to identify and assess climate-related impacts to our business.

As a mining company, we can contribute to global efforts to combat Climate Change by promoting energy efficiency and
reducing emissions. Each year we create and submit annual reports for the National Pollutant Inventory (NPi) and the
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act (NGER) to estimate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy use
and we provide this information on our company website www.evolutionmining.com.au/environment-2.

In FY18 Scope 1 emissions decreased by 5%, Scope 2 emissions decreased by 9%, and energy consumption decreased
by 7% compared to FY17. The decreases in emissions and energy are largely due to divestment of the Edna May asset in
October 2017.

A summary of FY18 results is provided in the tables below.

                                                                      FY18                   FY17
 GHG emissions (t CO2-e)
 Scope 1                                                           159,061               167,734                     -5%
 Scope 2                                                           394,144              430,993                      -9%
 Total Scope 1 & Scope 2                                          553,205                598,727                     -8%
 Energy (GJ)
 Energy consumed                                                 4,075,493            4,402,695                      -7%
 Net energy consumed                                             4,075,493            4,389,992                      -7%
 Energy produced                                                                          12,702                      N/A




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018        29
     Protecting the Environment (continued)


     Air quality                                                    Biodiversity management
     Our operations develop, implement, communicate and             We acknowledge that the nature of our operations can
     adhere to their air quality management plan. This includes     have significant environmental impacts. Additionally,
     developing and implementing strategies, operational            our operations and growth strategy are dependent on
     controls, management practices and monitoring/                 obtaining and maintaining access to environmental
     inspections programs to verify that air emission controls      resources. We believe that we all have a role in
     are operating properly and to provide relevant, traceable      demonstrating our environmental responsibility by
     data for internal and external reporting. We manage point      minimising impacts and contributing to enduring
     and non-point source air emissions to ensure we are            environmental benefits through every stage of our
     protective of human health and the environment.                operations.

     Ambient dust, noise, odour, and spill light impacts            We have developed land and biodiversity management
     on our surrounds and are closely monitored at our              plans at our operations. These plans are risk-based.
     operations. Protection of our social licence to operate        Adaptive strategies include the voluntary and prescribed
     means that we operate above compliance in these areas          biodiversity offset areas that are actively maintained for
     within our community surroundings. We report our air           fire, pest and weed control at our operations.
     emissions as per our legal and other requirements and
     communicate the outcomes in the various consultative
     forums for our operations.




           CASE STUDY: Burdekin waterways environmental enhancement project
           We have partnered with North Queensland Dry Tropics to improve the quality of runoff water into the Great
           Barrier Reef lagoon by slowing wet season floodwaters to allow entrained sediment time to settle. The
           project involves the extraction of weeds from the Kalamia Creek to reinstate an open body of wetlands,
           restore fauna diversity and improve farm productivity. Migratory birds from as far away as Siberia will have
           significant portions of their natural habitat reinstated and extracted weeds are being converted to compost.

           The first phase of Evolution Mining’s Environmental Enhancement Project (EEP) commenced in December
           2017, removing 15 hectares of aquatic weeds from the Kalamia Creek wetland water body. The weed
           piles were transported to the composting site at a local landholder’s property who placed the material in
           windrows and turned the piles fortnightly using his compost turner.

           All local landholders supported the objectives of the project and are keen to see the open water body
           return. The landholders told stories about fish previously caught in the area before it became choked up
           with weeds and how they would like the local children to share the same experiences. Following a rainfall
           event in February, the creek system
           received a good flood pulse.

           A manager at the Pacific Reef Prawn
           farm located downstream said “I’m
           not sure of what you have actually
           done upstream in the creek but this
           is the cleanest we have ever seen
           the water during a flood pulse”.

           The project has received interest
           from local landholders eager to
           use some of the compost product.
           This indicates that if the final
           compost product is beneficial and
           cost mitigation is viable, it could
           be a popular renewable resource in
           the Lower Burdekin. The project is
           on-track to meet its milestones and
           long-term outcomes.
                                                      First weed being pushed to the bank




30    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Protecting the Environment (continued)


Waste rock management                                          cyanide destruction and slurry dilution to reduce WAD
                                                               cyanide levels to safe levels for avifauna and terrestrial
This protocol addresses the characterisation of waste          animals. Fencing, bird deterrent systems and regular
rock, design and construction of waste rock disposal           monitoring and perimeter patrols provide early warning
facilities, potential acid generation, storm-water controls,   of such issues.
monitoring, rehabilitation and closure.                        FY18 Tailings produced: 26,632kt1 (wet tonnes).
The protocol is applied as required given that our gold-
silver-copper ore bodies and their surrounding waste
rock are generally quite different for each operation          Waste management
in terms of their potential for AMD and salinity impact
on the surrounding environment. Operations maintain            We have established an ethos to reduce, recycle and
material balances for their topsoil, waste rock types          reuse our resources occurring in our normal site waste
throughout the lifecycle of operations in order to             management practices.
provide certainty for meeting eventual rehabilitation          The on-site management of putrescible and non-
closure criteria requirements.                                 putrescible waste streams has progressed to a stage
Where Potentially Acid Forming (PAF) waste rock is             where bioremediation and general landfill facilities and
suspected or known to occur, the operation will place          management practices are now relieving pressure on
it inside and under Non-Acid Forming (NAF) covers.             local government authority facilities. Generally septic
                                                               waste solids are transported to local government
Progressive rehabilitation activities are conducted as         authority facilities.
areas of the waste disposal facility become available.
Full rehabilitation of these areas is conducted as soon        Our operations use specialist, government approved
as practicable.                                                waste management service providers and tracking
                                                               arrangements for the approved, safe disposal of transfers
FY18 waste rock produced: 39,905kt1.                           of obsolete or used hazardous material waste/ dangerous
                                                               goods substances. Generally, chemicals are consumed
                                                               in process. Hydrocarbons in the form of dirty rags,
Tailings management                                            crushed oil filters, used engine coolants or used bulk
                                                               lubes are typically sent off-site under commercial service
Tailings are the fine waste slurry residue of the crushed      arrangements for industrial re-refining (for re-use) or
solid mineral ore that is fed into the process plant           conversion into energy.
grinding mills. Tailings storage facilities need to be
operated and rehabilitated with due care for a range of
potential issues. Our protocol and governance process
incorporate the International Council on Mining and
                                                               Rehabilitation and closure
Metals (ICMM) six key components of the Tailings               management
Governance Framework.
                                                               We acknowledge that mining is only a temporary use
Regular inspection and audit ensure that operations            of land and the project planning cycle begins with
meet the requirements for the characterisation of              ensuring our minimum disturbance of ground during the
tailings, protection of wildlife, protection of groundwater,   exploration drilling phase (10 to 30 years) and needs to
prevention of uncontrolled releases to the environment,        look forward to what the operation’s future land use/s
management of process fluids and the closure and               will be and what the site should look like when the
rehabilitation of tailing storage facilities.                  operational areas are ready for relinquishment.
Ongoing efficient recovery of tailings decant water            Each of our sites have a closure plan in place which
back to the processing plant water supply is essential         outlines the process to rehabilitate the site and
to manage the water balance and minimise new water             performance criteria required before a tenement can
intake to operations.                                          be handed over to Government. These plans take into
                                                               consideration both environmental and social impacts.
Management of wildlife access and safe egress from
tailings storage facilities is a key business imperative for   We rehabilitated 113.66 hectares of land in FY18 around
our operations. Our fresh water-based operations have          two operations.




1.   Excluding Edna May, divested in October 2017.




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    31
     Protecting the Environment (continued)


     Environmental assurance                                       Environmental compliance
     The Evolution Environmental Assurance Audit                   As part of our environmental management, Evolution’s
     Program is undertaken by our corporate office.                activities are governed by conditions detailed in mining
     The program reviews different risk areas and                  approvals, lease conditions and licences set out by
     aspects from the site operating licence each quarter. This    regulatory authorities.
     assurance program assists in the effective management
                                                                   Periodic voluntary independent environmental
     and monitoring of environmental risk across the
                                                                   performance audits are also conducted.
     organisation.

     Quarterly assurance visits to our operations focused
     on hydrocarbon and chemical management. Small leaks
     and spill volumes have been focused on to ensure
     that incidents are being reported and the causes are
     promptly addressed.

     Rehabilitation success and failures are reviewed
     with the view that other Sites share the learnings
     during subsequent Site visits or during our monthly
     Environmental Professional Network teleconference
     and our annual face-to-face gathering.

     Assurance visit and audit recommendations are
     tracked and followed up via our company incident
     management system.




            Cyanide reduction
            We are currently evaluating GlyCat technology using glycine and cyanide during the cyanidation process
            of gold ore. The GlyCat process will enhance the dissolution of gold where glycine is used as a catalyst
            with cyanide. This is a research program with Australian Mineral Industries Research Association (AMIRA)
            and has potential for significant reagent cost reduction.




32    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Sunrise at the Mungari processing plant (photo by Andrew Millar)




                                                                   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   33
     Evolution – A Diversified Mid-tier Gold Miner


                                       1                 2                   3                   4                   5                   6
                                                                                                                                      Ernest
                                    Cowal             Mungari           Mt Carlton          Mt Rawdon             Cracow               Henry               Group
                                   (100%)             (100%)             (100%)              (100%)               (100%)            (economic              Total
                                                                                                                                     interest)
          Gold Reserves
                                     3.05                0.83                0.71               0.67                0.25                0.90                7.22
          (Moz)1
          Copper
                                      371                                     28                                                         165
          Reserves (kt)1
          Gold
          Resources                  6.08                2.58                1.06                1.07                0.51                1.92               14.27
          (Moz)1
          Copper
                                     560                                      52                                                        334
          Resources (kt)1
          Reserve grade
                                     0.81                1.82                4.92               0.79                 5.14               0.55                0.80
          (g/t Au)1
          Reserve grade
                                     0.57                                   0.62                                                         1.07               0.66
          (% Cu)1
          FY18 Au
          production                 258                  118                 112                105                 90                  95                  801
          (koz)2,3
          FY18 AISC
                                     877                 1,181               535                 884                 1,181              (641)               797
          (A$/oz)3,4
          FY18 net mine
                                     101.2               23.7               108.7               49.7                36.7                219.2              539.9
          cash flow3




                                                                                                     6
                                                                                                                      3
                                                                                                                      5 4

                                                       2
                                                                                                                 1
                                             Location bubble size denotes FY18 gold production
                                             (annualised for Ernest Henry)




     1.      This information is extracted from the report entitled “Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserve Statement” released by Evolution to ASX on 19 April 2018.
             Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are depleted to 31 December 2017. Results also include the update on Castle Hill announcement entitled “Restructure of
             ownership of Castle Hill Gold Deposit” released by Evolution to ASX on 18 July 2018. Both announcements are available to view on www.evolutionmining.com.au.
             Further information is provided in the Mineral resources and Ore Reserves section of this report.
     2.      Group production total includes 21,639oz gold from Edna May operation (FY18Q1)
     3.      This information is extracted from the report entitled “June 2018 Quarterly Report” released by Evolution to ASX on 19 July 2018 and is available to view on
             www.evolutionmining.com.au. Group total of A$539.9M includes Edna May net mine cash flow of A$0.7M.
     4.      Includes C1 cash cost, plus royalty expense, sustaining capital, general corporate and administration expense




34        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Chief Operating Officer’s Review




                                                               We Say, We Do, We Deliver
                                                               I started with Evolution in February 2018
                                                               and I am very excited to have witnessed the
                                                               achievements of my team – delivering
                                                               another outstanding year under our mantra
                                                               “We Say, We Do, We Deliver.”




                                                                we are aiming to double this FY19. Mt Rawdon won the
                                                               “People’s Choice Award” for their very innovative initiative,
                                                                Barrell Mate, at the Queensland Mining Industry Health
                                                                and Safety Conference. The site slurry pumps have a
   Bob Fulker, Chief Operating Officer
                                                                bearing barrel drive that fails and requires rebuilding in
                                                                the workshop. The team designed and manufactured
                                                                a twin clamp 360-degree rotating holder to allow
                                                                an assembly to be rebuilt without leaving the holder,
                                                                eliminating additional lifts and halving the amount of
We demonstrated our value of Safety in the best possible
                                                                manual handling. This innovation has application across
way by reducing the Total Recordable Injury Frequency
                                                                the industry.
(TRIF) by 31% to the lowest ever achieved for Evolution
at 5.5.                                                        FY18 was an excellent year from a production perspective
                                                               with 801,187 ounces produced, towards the top end of
The number of positive safety interactions in our team
                                                               our guidance (750,000 – 805,000oz), and four out of
was well over 39,000 for the year and over 1,700
                                                               six operations were either at or above the top end of
people were involved in our health and wellbeing
                                                               their guidance. This was achieved at a record low AISC of
programs. Significantly, we halved the number of vehicle
                                                               A$797 per ounce.
interactions when compared with FY17 which was a key
area of focus of our safety programs. We recognise that        Some highlights from our operations are provided below
there is no place for complacency in safety and we will        and further details are provided in the Directors’ Report
continue the momentum to improve our safety culture            section of this document.
in FY19.

Our communities and social responsibility are vital to our
ongoing sustainability and success. Everyone at Evolution      Cowal
has a role to play in building positive community relations.
                                                               The Cowal gold operation is a world-class, open pit gold
During the year, we collaborated with our community
                                                               operation located 350km west of Sydney. It is situated
stakeholders on shared value projects and environmental
                                                               within the Bland, Lachlan and Forbes Shires on the
enhancement projects to leave a positive legacy beyond
                                                               traditional lands of the Wiradjuri People. Mining approval
the life of our mines.
                                                               has been granted until at least 2032 and this long mine
We see innovation as critical to advancing our business        life provides a runway to capture additional upside.
and we actively seek opportunities to improve. We were
                                                               Cowal had an outstanding year, delivering on projects
first to apply high intensity grinding (HIGmill) technology
                                                               while achieving above guidance ounces, below guidance
in a hard rock (gold) environment and the first to use
                                                               costs, and significantly reducing TRIF from 7.4 to 3.3.
CaBolter technology in an innovative way (open pit
                                                               The Stage H cutback is on track with early ore being
environment). We worked with Minnovare to develop
                                                               mined. The Float Tails Leach project – which will increase
Production Optimiser technology to reduce stope
                                                               recoveries between 4 and 6% – is due for commissioning
dilution.
                                                               in the first half of FY19. The Plant Expansion Feasibility
We had 58 Act Like an Owner nominations (ALO) during           Study to lift capacity from 7.5Mtpa up to 9.8Mtpa is also
the period, an example of daring to think differently and      due for completion in late 2018.




                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      35
     Chief Operating Officer’s Review (continued)


     The site successfully hosted the Evolution and NSW              ■■   Un-constraining the crushing and leach circuit
     Mine Rescue Challenges in West Wyalong which not                     through data analysis to increase plant throughput
     only tested our emergency capabilities, but also saw                 to 1.9 - 2.0Mtpa
     participation from our local community.                         ■■   Ore sorting technology to deliver the highest
                                                                          grade to the processing plant
     Total FY18 gold production of 257,951oz was above the
     top end of the guidance range of 235,000 – 245,000oz.           ■■   High-grade discoveries from an extensive regional
                                                                          exploration program
     FY18 AISC of A$877/oz was below the bottom end of the
     A$950 – A$1,000/oz guidance range. Full year net mine           ■■   Heap leach options
     cash flow was A$101.2 million.                                  ■■   Data analysis of seismicity to identify potential
                                                                          mineralisation
     A number of mill throughput records were set and a lot
     of hard work and innovation ensured that the highest
     throughput for a financial year of 7,795kt was achieved
     in FY18.
                                                                 Mt Carlton
     The underexplored region offers immense untapped            Our Mt Carlton operation is located 150km south of
     potential. Exploration delivered material resource growth   Townsville, Queensland, on the traditional lands of the
     of 1.35 million ounces of gold prior to mining depletion,   Birriah People. Our local communities are Gumlu, Home
     setting us up for another strong year and helping to        Hill, Bowen and Townsville. At Mt Carlton, Evolution
     ensure our future at Cowal.                                 developed the expertise to commercialise a refractory,
                                                                 non-oxidised, high-sulphidation epithermal deposit
     In FY19, our challenge is to assess mining and processing   which is a great credit to our people. The operation
     options to take this operation to the next level of         was developed by Evolution and commissioned in 2013.
     production excellence – aspiring to an annual production    It is now a highly successful core asset and is one of
     level of 300,000oz.                                         the highest-grade open pit gold mines in the world
                                                                 with an innovative team culture driving this impressive
                                                                 performance. The operation has a current mine life out to
     Mungari                                                     2025 and further mine life extensions are likely.

                                                                 Ore is sourced from the V2 gold-copper-silver deposit
     The Mungari gold operation is located 600km east of         which is processed on site to produce a concentrate and
     Perth and 20km west of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia      shipped to China for smelting. The process plant has a
     on the traditional land of the Maduwongga People. Our       current capacity of 840ktpa. Approximately 10 – 15% of
     local communities are Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie. The        gold feed is recovered through a gravity circuit prior to
     operation is a key asset in Evolution’s portfolio and       the flotation circuit to produce doré gold bars which are
     consists of underground mining at Frog’s Leg, open pit      sold to the ABC Refinery in Sydney. The gravity circuit
     mining at White Foil and a strategically located 1.6Mtpa    was installed in 2017 and has lifted recoveries from 88%
     process plant.                                              to 90 – 91%.
     Safety improved at Mungari with a significant reduction     Mt Carlton’s injury reduction in FY18 was impressive with
     in Significant Safety Occurrence Frequency (SSOF) over      TRIF reducing from 8.2 to 3.9. The operation installed
     the year from 6.0 to 2.4 and TRIF from 13.3 to 9.7. The     the CAT fatigue management system in the truck fleet to
     operational performance also improved, highlighted          assist in managing fitness for work.
     by milling costs reducing by A$2/t processed against
     budget. Total gold production for FY18 of 118,498oz was     Mt Carlton produced more than 100koz of gold for the
     slightly below guidance of 120,000 – 130,000oz which        third year in a row with FY18 production of 112,479oz.
     resulted in FY18 AISC of A$1,181/oz being above the         This exceeded the top end of the 100,000 – 110,000oz
                                                                 guidance range. A record low AISC of A$535/oz was
     guidance range of A$990 – A$1,050/oz. Full year net
                                                                 achieved which was substantially below guidance of
     mine cash flow was A$23.7 million.
                                                                 A$680 – A$730/oz. Full year net mine cash flow was a
     Mungari’s performance is expected to improve in FY19,       record A$108.7 million.
     built on the completion of the White Foil Stage 3 cutback
                                                                 The team at Mt Carlton also advanced the Definitive
     and increased availability of high-grade ore feed from
                                                                 Feasibility Study which is examining the relative merits of
     Frog’s Leg underground.
                                                                 a Stage 4 cutback compared to a potential underground
     The operation has a major footprint in the world-class      operation in FY20.
     Kalgoorlie gold district with opportunities for high-
                                                                 Future opportunities include:
     grade discoveries to expand production and lower costs.
     The operation currently has a 10 year mine plan and an          ■■   Real time data capture and analysis to improve
     aspiration to lift annual production up to a sustainable             Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE)
     150,000 ounce profile. Opportunities currently being            ■■   World first online gold analysis (OLGA)
     investigated to support this production rate include:                technology developed by CSIRO which enables




36    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Chief Operating Officer’s Review (continued)


        the processing team to be able to adjust           The TRIF increased from 5.2 last year to 14.0. Safety
        processing parameters effectively in real time,    continues to be a major focus for site with a focus on
        reducing losses to tailings                        fatigue management.
   ■■   Recovery improvements such as tails retreatment
                                                           Operationally, Cracow performed well in FY18, exceeding
   ■■   Regional low sulphidation ore co-treatment         planned ounces and again extending mine life. Total gold
        opportunities                                      production of 90,357oz was above the top end of the
                                                           85,000 – 90,000oz guidance range. AISC of A$1,181/oz
                                                           was in line with guidance of A$1,150 – A$1,200/oz. Full
Cracow                                                     year net mine cash flow was A$36.7 million.

The Cracow underground gold operation is located           Cracow’s ongoing commitment to innovation was
500km north-west of Brisbane, Queensland, on the           demonstrated by the increase in gold recovery in the
traditional lands of the Wulli Wulli People. Our local     order of 2% from the installation of a high-intensity
communities are Cracow and Theodore. The operation         grinding mill (HIGmill) and the development of
has been a consistent and reliable producer since mining   Production Optimiser technology for underground
began in 2004. The current mine life is out to 2023        production drill rigs to reduce stope mining dilution.
however Cracow has a long track record for replacing       In FY19 we will continue to seek improvements and
mining depletion and maintaining a three to five year      the most significant opportunities include: ore sorting;
mine life.                                                 remote bogging from surface; and electric equipment.




                                                                       “From a production
                                                                       perspective, FY18 was an
                                                                       excellent year with 801,187
                                                                       ounces produced which
                                                                       was towards the top end
                                                                       of our guidance (750,000
                                                                       – 805,000oz). Four out of
                                                                       six operations were either
                                                                       at or above the top end of
                                                                       their production guidance.
                                                                       This was achieved at
                                                                       a record low AISC of
                                                                       A$797 per ounce.”

                                                                       Bob Fulker, COO




                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   37
     Chief Operating Officer’s Review (continued)


     Mt Rawdon                                                       Ernest Henry
     The Mt Rawdon open pit gold operation is located 75km           The Ernest Henry copper-gold operation is a large-scale,
     south-west of Bundaberg, Queensland and is surrounded           long-life asset operated by Glencore. The operation
     by the traditional lands of the Port Curtis Coral Coast         employs a sub-level caving ore extraction method. It is
     People. Our local communities are Mt Perry, Gin Gin,            located 38km north east of Cloncurry, Queensland. In
     Biggenden and Gayndah. Evolution has owned and                  November 2016 Evolution acquired an economic interest
     operated Mt Rawdon since November 2011.                         in Ernest Henry that will deliver 100% of future gold
                                                                     and 30% of future copper and silver produced within an
      Total FY18 gold production was 105,053oz. A very strong
                                                                     agreed life of mine area. Outside the life of mine area,
      June half year ensured production guidance of 105,000
                                                                     Evolution will have a 49% interest in future copper, gold
     – 115,000oz was achieved. AISC of A$884/oz was also
                                                                     and silver production from Ernest Henry. The Ernest
      within the guidance range of A$850 – A$900/oz. Full
                                                                     Henry transaction has materially improved the quality
      year net mine cash flow of A$49.7 million was a record
                                                                     and longevity of the Group’s portfolio and reduced the
      under Evolution ownership. A significant production
                                                                     cost profile.
      milestone was achieved in June 2018 with 50 tonnes of
      gold produced since the mine began operating                   Total FY18 gold production of 95,209oz was above the
                                                                     top end of the 85,000 – 90,000oz guidance range.
     Safety at Mt Rawdon continues to be a key focus for the
                                                                     AISC of A$(641)/oz was substantially below guidance of
     team. In FY18 we saw a decrease in TRIF from 6.6 to 5.1. In
                                                                     A$(200) – A$(150)/oz. Full year net mine cash flow was a
     FY18 Mt Rawdon won the People’s Choice Award at the
                                                                     record A$219.2 million.
     Queensland Mine Safety Awards for their innovative “Barrel
     Mate” initiative. The team also designed and built a used       Yours faithfully
     tyre protection wall as a bund to protect against rock falls.

     Improvements were made in blast efficiencies with:
     improved fragmentation; reduced blast delays; and
     reduction in downtime for blast evacuations.

     The following innovations are currently being trialled:
         ■■   Truck payload management – targeting consistent
              loading of trucks to increase productivity and
              reduce equipment damage by utilising CQMS              BOB FULKER
              Razer’s Titan 3330 product                             CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
         ■■   Remote operation of production drills – targeting
              the operation of multiple machines by a single
              operator and isolating the operator from working
              near high-walls
         ■■   Innovative use of the CaBolter to improve the
              productivity of ground support installation on the
              open pit walls
     We partnered on a shared value project to enhance the
     local Men’s Shed at Mt Perry. We produced the gold
     for the 2018 Lexus Melbourne Cup which brought the
     Melbourne Cup Tour to the community in September this
     year. We were also the major sponsor for Bundaberg’s
     NAIDOC celebrations.




38     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
FY19 Guidance and Three Year Outlook to FY21


Evolution is forecasting FY19 Group gold production of 720,000 – 770,000 ounces of gold. Group C1 cash costs are
expected to be in the range of A$560 – A$610 per ounce and Group AISC are expected to be in the range of A$850 –
A$900 per ounce.

Using the average AUD:USD exchange rate of 0.7752 for the 12 months to 30 June 2018, Evolution’s forecast FY19 costs
are among the lowest of global gold producers and equate to C1 cash costs of US$430 – US$470 per ounce and AISC of
US$660 – US$700 per ounce.

Investment in sustaining capital in FY19 is forecast to be in the range of A$105.0 – A$135.0 million. The majority of
the investment will be at Cowal, comprising of tails facilities, mobile fleet major repairs and equipment replacement.
Investment in tails facilities will also take place at Mungari, Mt Carlton, Mt Rawdon and Cracow. Investment in growth
(major project) capital and exploration is additional to the costs included in AISC. Investment in major capital in FY19 is
forecast to be in the range of A$150.0 – A$180.0 million. The bulk of the major project capital investment is associated
with expansion projects at Cowal with mine development of A$70.0 – A$75.0 million and Float Tails Leach project
investment of A$6.0 – 9.0 million. Major project capital investment at Mt Carlton, Mt Rawdon and Cracow relates
predominantly to mine development.

Exploration investment is expected to total approximately A$40.0 – A$55.0 million. This is a substantial increase on the
FY18 exploration spend of A$31.6 million. Cowal (A$15.0 – A$20.0 million) and Mungari (A$15.0 – A$20.0 million) will
receive the largest allocation of the investment in FY19.

FY19 AISC guidance of A$850 – A$900 per ounce positions Evolution as one of the world’s lowest cost gold producers.
A breakdown of production, costs and capital guidance is provided in the table below.


     FY19 guidance            Gold production (oz)            C1 cash costs1           All-in sustaining         Sustaining capital        Major capital (A$M)
                                                                 (A$/oz)                cost1 (A$/oz)                 (A$M)
     Cowal                   240,000 – 250,000                  765 – 840                 975 – 1,075                  55 – 60                   90 – 100
     Mungari                  125,000 – 135,000                 875 – 925                1,050 – 1,100                  10 – 15                     0–5
     Mt Carlton               95,000 – 105,000                  470 – 520                 670 – 720                   7.5 – 12.5                  25 – 30
     Mt Rawdon                95,000 – 105,000                  815 – 865               1,000 – 1,050                   5 – 10                    25 – 30
     Cracow                    80,000 – 85,000                 850 – 900                 1,250 – 1,300               17.5 – 22.5                    10 – 15
     Ernest Henry              85,000 – 90,000                (875) – (825)             (575) – (525)                   10 – 15                       0
     Corporate                                                                              45 – 50
     Group                     720,000 – 770,000                 560 – 610                 850 – 900                   105 – 135                 150 – 180
     Copper (t)
     Ernest Henry               19,000 – 21,000
     Mt Carlton                   800 – 1,000

1.    A copper price assumption of A$8,800/t has been used for by-product credits




Three Year Outlook to FY21
Evolution remains focused on prioritising margins over production growth. The Company expects to produce in excess
of 700,000 ounces of gold for at least the next three years1. All-in sustaining costs are expected to remain relatively flat
throughout this period which will enable the business to prosper even in weaker gold price environments. Evolution
continues to invest in future production growth. Capital expenditure will remain elevated in FY19 due to investment in
major projects at Cowal. It is then expected to decline from FY20 onwards.

                                                                Production Outlook FY19 – FY21
     Period                                                 FY19                                    FY20                                     FY21
     Gold Production (koz)                              720 – 770                               720 – 770                                700 - 750
     AISC (A$/oz)                                      850 – 900                                850 – 900                                870 – 920
     Sustaining capital (A$/M)                          105 – 135                                115 – 145                                95 - 125
     Major project capital (A$M)                        150 – 180                                115 – 145                                115 - 145

1.      For information on the Exploration Targets, refer to ASX release entitled “Three Year Outlook and High-Grade Drill results from new Dalwhinnie Lode at
        Cowal” released to the ASX on 4 September 2018 and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com.au




                                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018             39
     FY19 Guidance and Three Year Outlook to FY21
     (continued)

     PRODUCTION OUTLOOK                    AISC OUTLOOK (A$/OZ)                 SUSTAINING CAPITAL                      MAJOR PROJECT
           (KOZ)1                                                                 OUTLOOK (A$M)                        CAPITAL OUTLOOK
                                                                                                                            (A$M)
                                                                                                      145
                                                                                               135                                  180
      11      22                                                        920                                  125
                     770     770                          900    900
                                    750                                                                                                      145    145




     833      780    720     720    700    907    797     850    850    870    116      101    105    115    95     128      171    150      115    115



     FY17     FY18   FY19    FY20   FY21   FY17   FY18    FY19   FY20   FY21   FY17     FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21   FY17     FY18   FY19     FY20   FY21




           Production Low                     AISC Low                               Sustaining Capex Low                 Major Capex Low

           Production High                    AISC High                              Sustaining Capex High                Major Capex High




     Cautionary statement concerning the                                       ASX on 19 April 2018 and available to view at
     proportion of Exploration Targets1                                        www.evolutionmining.com.au. The material assumptions
                                                                               upon which on which the forecast financial information
     Of Evolution’s Production Outlook, 2% is comprised of                     is based are:
     Exploration Targets. The potential quantity and grade
     of this exploration target is conceptual in nature and                    Silver           A$20/oz
     there has been insufficient exploration to determine a                    Copper           A$8,800/t
     Mineral Resource and there is no certainty that further
     exploration work will result in the determination of                      Diesel           A$110/bbl
     Mineral Resources or that production target itself will
     be realised.                                                              Competent Persons Statement
                                                                               The estimated Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
     Cautionary statement concerning the                                       underpinning the Production Target and Exploration
     proportion of Inferred Mineral Resources                                  Target have been prepared by Competent Persons in
     There is a low level of geological confidence associated                  accordance with the requirements in Appendix 5A (JORC
     with Inferred Mineral Resources and there is no                           Code). The Company confirms that the form and context
     certainty that further exploration work will result in the                in which the Competent Persons findings are presented
     determination of Indicated Mineral Resources or that the                  have not been materially modified from the original
     production target itself will be realised.                                market announcement.

                                                                               Relevant proportions of Mineral Resources and Ore
     Material Assumptions                                                      Reserves underpinning the Production Target

     The material assumptions on which the Production Target                   The Production Target comprises 96.5% Probable Ore
     is based are presented in ASX release Annual Mineral                      Reserves, 1.5% Inferred Mineral Resources and 2%
     Resources and Ore Reserves Statement” released to the                     Exploration Targets.




40    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
              Grade control drilling at Mt Carlton




Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018          41
     Innovation and Asset Optimisation


     Innovation and Asset                                        Innovation – Fast Firsts
     Optimisation
                                                                 Developing the Production Optimiser
     Our aim is to differentiate ourselves through innovation,
     incremental improvements and excellent operational          Cracow operation partnered with Minnovare to develop
                                                                 Production Optimiser technology for underground
     discipline to deliver better margins and value. We
                                                                 stope drilling. The technology allows for accurate drill
     embrace disruption and constant change to innovate and
                                                                 hole placement, reducing drill hole deviation which then
     evolve. We focus on the few things that make the biggest
                                                                 improves the blast-hole drilling accuracy. This then leads
     difference.
                                                                 to a reduction in stope dilution. Use of this technology
     To enable “Different Thinking” we needed to structure our   has delivered a consistent improvement in drilling
     business appropriately. We recently shifted the focus of    accuracy with stope mining dilution being reduced by up
     our highly skilled technical professionals, the Technical   to 50%. In addition, the success demonstrated with the
     Services Group, to drive the attributes of Transformation   Production Optimiser has allowed the modification of
     and Effectiveness. This team had previously focused         drill patterns to further reduce planned dilution. Minimum
     on technical work streams “Within” the business. The        stoping widths at Cracow have typically been in the
                                                                 order of 1.9m. With improvements in accuracy, trials have
     change is to enable them to work “On” the business
                                                                 commenced to reduce this minimum width down to 1.3m.
     in a Transformational role while still being intimately
     involved in operational discipline improvements to drive    We are now adapting this technology for the open pit
     operational effectiveness from good to great.               drilling fleet at our operations.




     Focusing on innovation rather than invention allows us to be Fast Firsts rather
     than Fast Followers. We believe that this approach will extend our competitive
     advantage within the mining industry.

     At Evolution we encourage disruption and an agile approach to innovation.
     We look for ground breaking ideas to transform the company’s ounce and
     cost profile, while maintaining a myopic focus on value accretion.




42    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
High-intensity grinding mill
(HIGmill)
Evolution’s Cracow mine was the first gold processing
plant to apply the high intensity grinding mill (HIGmill)
technology to improve recovery. Cracow commissioned
this technology in January 2017 and has shown a
consistent increase in processing recovery of 2%.

The HIGmill is a vertical grinding mill which comprises
a drivetrain attached to a vertical shaft with rotating
grinding rotors. Attached to the fixed shell are stationary
counter rings. Feed is introduced at the bottom of the
HIGmill and proceeds upwards through all grinding
stages prior to exiting the HIGmill at the top. The mill
is filled to approximately 70% capacity with grinding
media and the entire charge is mixed and grinding is
facilitated by the rotating discs. This technology has
been used extensively in the industrial minerals space
but had not been tried in a hard-rock gold environment.
This technology was chosen for use at Cracow due to the
grind-sensitive nature of the ore and the power-efficient
grinding characteristics of the HIGmill.




      CaBolter - Applying proven technology in a new way
      Our Mt Rawdon operation is the first to use the proven CaBolter technology, normally used for underground
      wall support by remote drilling, in an innovative way. They have applied this technology in the open pit to
      install ground support. This technology provides a safer working environment as our people are isolated
      from working near highwalls.




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   43
     Innovation and Asset Optimisation (continued)


     Online Gold Analysis                                            Innovations and improvements
     Our Mt Carlton operation will be the first operation            on the radar
     to trial the online gold analyser (OLGA) developed
     by CSIRO. This new system will provide average gold             Data Analytics
     grades of plant feed every 10 minutes versus our current
     six-hourly lab assays. The benefit of this system will be       Data analytics is a resource that will facilitate many
     that the processing team will be able to adjust plant           business improvement opportunities.
     parameters effectively in real time thereby reducing
                                                                     We are currently partnering with a firm to predict tails
     losses to tailings.
                                                                     grade by analysing thousands of live variables and
                                                                     comparing them to historic data. We aim to predict
                                                                     situations that will lead to increased tails gold grade and
     Float Tails Leach Project                                       thus allow the operator to react with the best information,
                                                                     improving recovery and thus revenue. We are expanding
     At Cowal we are in the process of installation of our float     our data lake to enable both internal and external
     tails leach project which is due for completion during          collaboration.
     FY19. The installation will include;
         ■■   A new leach circuit to treat flotation tails and       Power optimisation
              detoxification of the stream before pumping to
                                                                     Electricity is a significant cost to our operations, and it
              the tails storage facility
                                                                     is constraining us from expanding mill capacity at two
         ■■   A new carbon handling and electrowinning facility
                                                                     of our operations. We believe there is an opportunity to
              to treat the gold recovered from the flotation tails
                                                                     analyse our power consumption and correlate it with
              leach circuit
                                                                     our production patterns to develop techniques which
         ■■   A new reagent mixing and distribution systems          optimise our electricity usage, reducing our costs and
              needed for the operation of the leach circuit,         enabling improved throughput and recoveries of our mills.
              detoxification facilities and carbon handling
              facilities
                                                                     Fragmentation analysis
     With the completion of this circuit and commissioning
     on track for the December quarter, we are looking for a         Digital imagery is not new but enabling our processing
     4 – 6% recovery improvement as well as approximately            plants to improve their grinding efficiency and power
     10,000 ounces per year recovered from the tails.                draw by tracking blast effectiveness on the feed belts
                                                                     will enable early plant optimisation, improved throughput
                                                                     and recovery with a feedback loop to the blast design
                                                                     and the engineers. Ultimately reducing total cost and
                                                                     increasing throughput.


                                                                     Overall Equipment Effectiveness
                                                                     Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) is the gold
                                                                     standard for measuring manufacturing productivity. OEE
                                                                     identifies time that is truly productive and optimises it
                                                                     through data. It requires quality data, a strong operating
                                                                     discipline to investigate significant non-conformance, and
                                                                     an improvement plan with measurable outcomes.




44    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Gold bar produced at Cracow




                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   45
     Discovery


     Developing a pipeline of high-quality exploration targets
     Evolution is committed to organic growth by discovery         We are also developing a pipeline of exploration projects
     of new resources at our existing operations and across        in Queensland between Cracow and Mt Carlton. We
     our portfolio of greenfield projects. Our discovery           recognise a key to our success will be our ability to
     strategy is simple. We are focused on finding epithermal      leverage external partnerships. As a result, we are
     (low, intermediate and high sulphidation) deposits and        partnering with groups who have superior geological
     orogenic lode gold deposits. In the epithermal category       knowledge of and access to areas prospective for the
     we are searching for high sulphidation deposits like Mt       types of mineral deposit we want to find.
     Carlton, intermediate sulfidation deposits like Cowal
                                                                   We plan to invest between A$40 and A$55 million on
     and low sulfidation deposits like Cracow. In the orogenic
                                                                   Discovery programs and a further A$10 to A$15 million
     lode gold category, we are exploring for deposit styles
                                                                   on resource definition drilling. Our largest Discovery
     typically mined in the Yilgarn Craton in Western Australia.
                                                                   investments will be made at Cowal and Mungari with
     We have continued building land positions around              each of these projects running budgets of between
     our operating assets at Mungari, Cowal and Cracow.            A$15 and A$20 million.




     Exploration Footprint

                                          APPROACH: UPGRADE THE PIPELINE


        People                           Tactics                      Deposit Styles                Geographic Focus

        New, invigorated                 Build land positions         Epithermal – low/             Emphasis in
        world class team                 in key camps                 intermediate & high           Australia
                                                                      sulfidation
        Fostering a                      3D architecture and                                        Evaluating North
        Discovery Culture                footprint vectoring          Orogenic lode gold            America




                                     ENABLERS: LEVERAGING THE BEST TEAMS


        Organisation                                                                                Partnerships

        Near-mine exploration – tailored to meet the needs of our operations                        Become a partner
                                                                                                    of choice
        Group Discovery – seasoned leadership; centre of technical expertise; evaluations
        and execution teams                                                                         Deploy Evolution
                                                                                                    expertise




46    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
 Discovery (continued)


 ■    Resource definition drilling programs resulted in an increase in Ore Reserves prior to mining deletion of:
      ■   127,000 gold ounces at Mt Carlton
      ■   168,000 gold ounces at Mungari
      ■   150,000 gold ounces at Cracow
 ■    Maiden Ore Reserve of 817,000 gold ounces at Marsden
 ■    Discovery of new high-grade lode at GRE46 – Dalwhinnie lode
 ■    Exploration success at the Ora Banda camp, Mungari
 ■    Acquisition of Connors Arc Project – an early stage exploration project in north-east Queensland




 Resource definition                                                                       DRUMMOND
                                                                                             PROJECT
                                                                                              A$1–2M
 drilling A$10–15M


                                                                                                               MT CARLTON
     TENNANT CREEK                                                                                                 A$1–2M
            A$1–2M




                                                                                                            CONNORS ARC
                                                                                                                 A$3–4M




                                                                                                                        CRACOW
                                                                                                                         A$2–3M




MUNGARI
A$15–20M
                                                               COWAL
                                                             A$15–20M




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      47
     Discovery (continued)

     Growth opportunities include:
     ■■   Further delineation and conversion of the significant mineral endowment at Cowal along the 3km long Gold Corridor
          between E46 and E41
          ■■    Testing for extensions to the newly discovered Dalwhinnie lode at GRE46
     ■■   Evaluation of regional porphyry copper-gold potential within the Cowal Province
     ■■   Advancing the Mungari Provincial pipeline (>30 current targets) and continuation of the near-mine drilling programs
          with targets including deep extension drilling at Frog’s Leg, evaluation of the White Foil underground, and near-
          surface extensions of mineralisation north of the White Foil open pit
     ■■   Further extensional and infill drilling at Cracow with targets on the known structural corridors including the Kilkenny
          to Empire trend
     ■■   Further resource definition drilling at Mt Carlton and continuation of testing for underground resource extensions
     ■■   Extensional drilling below the 1,200m level at Ernest Henry (subject to agreement with Glencore).




     “In FY18 we grew resources and reserves, continued to strengthen the quality
     of our portfolio and strengthened our team which came together in a new
     exploration hub created in Sydney.”

     Glen Masterman, VP Discovery and Chief Geologist




     Our Pipeline of Opportunities
     Our goal is to improve the overall quality of our portfolio by building a base of early-stage project opportunities and
     being prepared to continually upgrade and substitute projects. Our pipeline has been developed to include various
     stages of project maturity and degrees of risk. New projects are aligned with our desire to improve asset quality and to
     match our geographic and commodity preferences.



               Exploration          Conceptual/            Project Studies           Development           Operating Assets
                                      Scoping                                          Projects
          Connors
            Arc
                                                                                                              Cowal
                     Mungari                                                                                  E42 OP
                     Regional
                                                                Mungari                                                Mungari
          Drummond                                              150koz                                                 OP + UG
            Basin
                                                                                                              Cracow
                      Cowal                                       Mt                       Cowal                UG
                                        Cowal
                     Regional           300koz                  Carlton                   Stage H
                                                                                                                         Mt
                                                                 UG                         FTL
                                                                                                                       Carlton
          Tennant                                                                                                        OP
           Creek                                                                                                Mt
                                                                Marsden                                       Rawdon
                      Ernest                                                                                    OP
                      Henry                                                                                            Ernest
                     >1200m                                                                                            Henry
                                                                                                                        UG
          Cracow
          Regional




48    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Discovery (continued)


Cowal
Near Mine Growth

GRE46                                                      E41

Following on from the success of converting the Stage      The E41 deposit represents a strong opportunity to
H resource to reserves exploration drilling turned its     continue baseload open pit feed to Cowal’s production
attention to the Galway-Regal-E46 (GRE46) corridor.        profile as mineralisation is constrained by drilling, not by
We announced a maiden Inferred underground resource        geology.
at GRE46 (603,000 gold ounces) and demonstrated the
                                                           Drilling at E41 West identified a new and significant zone
potential to expand the underground mineralised zone.
                                                           of mineralisation over 250m in length outside of the
A further 206,000 resource ounces were identified at E41
                                                           resource, along strike and at depth.
and GRE46 open pits.

Step-out drilling confirmed high-grade mineralisation      Regional Opportunities
is open along strike and recently identified the high-
grade Dalwhinnie lode located 30 to 50 metres into
                                                           Marsden – reserve conversion
the footwall of the GRE46 underground resource. An
underground exploration decline has been approved by       Marsden is a copper-gold porphyry deposit located
the Board and awaits approval by the NSW Division of       immediately to the southeast of the operation. In FY18,
Resources and Geoscience. Development is planned to        we announced a maiden Ore Reserve of 817,000 gold
commence in FY19.                                          ounces and 371,000 copper tonnes. Marsden has long-
                                                           term strategic value to our exploration activities in the
We believe there is sufficient untested area to support
                                                           area and highlights the copper-gold opportunity in the
resource growth of more than 500,000 ounces, bringing
                                                           Cowal district.
the endowment to greater than one million ounces at
GRE46.
                                                           East Girral

                                                           An unexplored structure northwest of the mine was
                                                           identified as highly prospective. Subsequent aircore
                                                           drilling in FY18 delineated a significant geochemical
                                                           anomaly and follow up drilling is planned.




                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      49
         Discovery (continued)


         Mungari
         The Kalgoorlie region around the Mungari operation is
         the focus of Evolution’s search for orogenic gold deposits
         with a view to finding high-grade feed for the processing
         plant. As such, most exploration is within 50km of the
         plant on a large package of 100% owned tenements
         which host more than >30 quality targets.




                                                                        Frog’s Leg Underground




         Frog’s Leg Deep

          Our highest priority target at Mungari is delineating
          down-dip extensions of the Frog’s Leg vein. The
          geological architecture is permissive of a repeat of
         “flexures” and an underground drilling program has been
          designed to test the vein beneath the lowest workings at
          Frog’s Leg. Drilling will commence when the drill drive
          has reached a suitable position. Drilling is expected to be
          completed in the March quarter 2019.


/




                                                                                                 !




    50     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Discovery (continued)


White Foil                                                     towards the southwest. Step-out drilling is planned for
                                                               FY19 to delineate the full scope of the mineralised system.
Infill drilling of the underground Mineral Resource at
White Foil will continue in FY19. The objective of this next   Drilling at the Scottish Archer prospect defined high-
phase of drilling is to increase confidence in the estimate    grade gold mineralisation and further drilling to test the
to enable the reporting of Indicated Mineral Resources         depth and strike extensions will be undertaken in FY19.
and Ore Reserves in key areas. Current estimates               Results from Perimeter and Scottish Archer confirm new
show sufficient grade and continuity to establish an           target models and transfer geological knowledge from
underground mining operation at White Foil. Previous           Frog’s Leg.
drilling was undertaken to a nominal 40m x 40m spacing,
                                                               At the Lady Agnes prospect, drilling identified
with drilling in FY19 increasing drill density to a 20m x
                                                               mineralisation along a 200m strike length which remains
20m pattern.
                                                               open at depth.
White Foil will have significant potential to grow its
resource base as an underground operation, as drilling
from underground workings is a more cost-effective
means of testing deeper zones of mineralisation than
                                                               Cracow
surface drilling.                                              Cracow has a very strong history of reserve replacement.
                                                               In FY18, resource definition drilling focussed on extension
Regional Open Pits                                             and further delineation of the Coronation, Baz, Imperial,
                                                               Griffin and Killarney structures and resulted in the
Castle Hill                                                    addition of 150,000 ounces to Ore Reserves.

Evolution terminated Norton Gold Fields’ right to mine         Diamond drilling in FY19 will target resource conversion
and process ore from the Castle Hill deposit in July 2018.     and high priority extensional underground targets
The new Agreement allows Evolution to explore and              including Killarney and the area between Coronation
develop an important package of tenements at Mungari           and Sterling. Sterling is currently interpreted as the
that were effectively quarantined by the rights held by        continuation of the Coronation deposit based on the
Norton Gold Fields.                                            geometry of Coronation and information from historic
                                                               surface drilling.
Castle Hill is located approximately 25km northwest
of the Mungari processing plant and hosts a Mineral
Resource of 695,000 ounces and Ore Reserve of
236,000 ounces with potential to expand. The reserves
currently exclude Kiora and Wadi deposits.

Castle Hill is now expected to provide base-load feed
for the Mungari processing facility following forecast
completion of the White Foil open-pit in FY20. Infill
drilling and engineering studies relevant to Castle Hill
and the surrounding deposits are underway and include
drilling at Picante, Ridgeback, and Burgundy.

Ora Banda Camp

Exploration programs have prioritised targets with the
potential to deliver high grades from the well-endowed
Ora Banda camp with historic production of about
three million ounces. Prioritised targets have similar
geology to the main producers in the Ora Banda camp
and we see the same stratigraphy as the rocks that are
well mineralised at Frog’s Leg along the K2 and K2B
structural positions. We have identified several areas
that have been ineffectively explored for Ora Banda
style mineral systems.

At the Perimeter prospect, significant intersections
were returned from an 800m long corridor hosting
mineralisation in narrow sheeted and stockwork quartz
veins. Mineralisation is open along strike and at depth
with higher grades showing an apparent steep plunge            Location map of the western vein field at Cracow




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     51
     Discovery (continued)


     Mt Rawdon
     Although not in our current mine plans, the orebody at Mt Rawdon clearly continues down plunge and at depth.
     Our focus is on testing zones outside of existing reserves to confirm continuity of high-grade zones. The aim is to identify
     high-grade mineralisation for conversion to reserves. Eight holes are planned to be drilled in FY19.




                                             Current                             Looking north
                                            resource
                                             model



                                                                                                                   Ore
        Current                                                                                                 Reserve
        Drilling                                                                                               Pit Design
      information




                                                                                Area of
                                                                              opportunity

                                                                               0m                             400m



     Potential Reserve expansion at Mt Rawdon




     Ernest Henry
     The Ernest Henry copper-gold operation is a large-scale, long-life asset operated by Glencore. We acquired an economic
     interest in Ernest Henry that will deliver 100% of future gold and 30% of future copper and silver production above the
     1,200mRL and a 49% interest in future copper, gold and silver production below the 1,200mRL.

     Significant opportunity exists for mine life extension below the 1,200mRL. Most of the drilling to date has been
     completed above this level where gold grade distributions closely correlate with copper grades. High-grade copper
     grades have been identified below the 1,200mRL and we can assume that high-grade gold mineralisation is also
     continuous as there are no geological constraints. Mineralisation remains open at depth.




52    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Discovery (continued)


Connors Arc, Queensland
Evolution entered into an agreement with Orion Minerals
Limited (ASX:ORN) (“Orion”) to acquire 100% of the
Connors Arc exploration project, a large early-stage
exploration project covering approximately 3,200km2,
located 160km northwest of Rockhampton in Queensland
(see ASX announcement 2 May 2018, Figure 1). It is a
technically compelling project with multiple and very
extensive alteration zones which could be indicative of
multiple preserved epithermal gold systems. The project
area has similar geological characteristics to two of
Evolution’s current mines,
Mt Carlton and Cracow, both of which are greater than one
million ounces epithermal gold deposits. Work started on
the project in July 2018 with the completion of an airborne
hyperspectral survey.




                                                                 Connors Arc Project




Tennant Creek,
Northern Territory
 Emmerson Resources and Evolution
 agreed to restructure the Tennant Creek
 joint venture following completion of
 the Stage 1 earn-in in December 2017.
 Under the new arrangement, Evolution
 will acquire a 100% interest in the Gecko
– Goanna Copper Gold corridor and the
 Orlando pit as illustrated in the right
 hand figure. In May 2018 Emmerson
 Resources shareholders approved the
 restructure. A strategic review of the
 project was progressed.




                                              Tennant Creek Joint Venture




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   53
       Mungari Exploration team

54   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   55
     Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves


     Group Mineral Resources as at 31 December 2017 are           was estimated at 23.06Mt grading 0.91g/t Au for 671koz
     estimated at 14.27 million ounces of gold and 946,000        after accounting for Norton’s share of the Stage 1
     tonnes of copper compared with the estimate at 31            open pit over which Norton had the right to mine and
     December 2016 of 14.18 million ounces of gold and 1.03       process ore. On 18 July 2018, Evolution announced the
     million tonnes of copper after accounting for mining         termination of Norton’s right to mine and process ore
     depletion of 842,000 ounces of gold. All Mineral             from the Castle Hill deposit giving full ownership of the
     Resources are constrained at an A$1,800/oz economic          Mineral Resource to Evolution. The Mineral Resource was
     threshold at Evolution’s 100% owned assets. Mineral          re-estimated at 19.32Mt grading 1.12g/t Au for 695koz
     Resources are reported inclusive of Ore Reserves.            using Evolution’s assumptions and operating parameters.

     Group Ore Reserves as at 31 December 2017 are                Also, in the 19 April 2018 Annual Mineral Resources and
     estimated at 7.22 million ounces of gold and 564,000         Ore Reserves Statement, the Castle Hill Ore Reserve
     tonnes of copper compared with the 31 December 2016          attributable to Evolution was estimated at 1.93Mt grading
     estimate of 6.99 million ounces of gold and 212,000          1.04g/t Au for 65koz (at a 0.6g/t Au cut-off) representing
     tonnes of copper after accounting for mining depletion of    a 50% share of the Norton Stage 1 open pit over which
     842,000 ounces of gold.                                      Evolution would receive a profit share (i.e. 50% of
                                                                  total profits). Similarly, Evolution re-estimated the Ore
     Evolution is committed to building a sustainable business
                                                                  Reserve at 5.35Mt grading 1.38g/t Au for 236koz using its
     that prospers through the cycle and has therefore used
                                                                  assumptions and operating parameters.
     an unchanged and conservative gold price assumption of
     A$1,350/oz to estimate Ore Reserves.                          Full details of the Castle Hill Mineral Resource and Ore
                                                                   Reserve estimates are provided in the report entitled
                                                                  “Restructure of Ownership of Castle Hill Gold Deposit”
     Commodity Price Assumptions                                   released to the ASX on 18 July 2018 and available to view
                                                                   at www.evolutionmining.com.au.
     Commodity price assumptions used to estimate the             Evolution is not aware of any other new information or
     December 2017 Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves             data that materially affects the information contained
     are unchanged for gold, copper and silver to those used      in the Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
     previously (December 2016 Mineral Resources and Ore          Statement 31 December 2017 other than changes due to
     Reserves).                                                   normal mining depletion during the six months ended 30
     ■■   Gold: A$1,350/oz for Ore Reserves, A$1,800/oz           June 2018.
          for Mineral Resources
     ■■   Silver: A$20.00/oz for Ore Reserves, A$26.00/oz
          for Mineral Resources                                   JORC 2012 and ASX Listing
     ■■   Copper: A$6,000/t for Ore Reserves, A$9,000/t           Rules Requirements
          for Mineral Resources
                                                                  The Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves statement
                                                                  included with this announcement has been prepared in
     Changes since 31 December 2017                               accordance with the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian
                                                                  Code for reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
     Mineral Resources and Ore                                    Resources and Ore Reserves” (the JORC Code 2012)
     Reserves Statement                                           for all projects. Group Mineral Resources and Ore
                                                                  Reserves summaries are tabulated on the following
     Evolution’s Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates       pages. Material Information summaries are also provided
     as at 31 December 2017 were released to the ASX on           for GRE46 Underground Mineral Resource at Cowal and
     19 April 2018 in the report entitled “Annual Mineral         the Marsden Mineral resource and Ore Reserve pursuant
     Resources and Ore Reserves Statement” (also available        to ASX Listing Rules 5.8 and 5.9 and the Assessment
     to view at www.evolutionmining.com.au). In this report       and Reporting Criteria in accordance with JORC Code
     the Castle Hill Mineral Resource attributable to Evolution   2012 requirements.




56    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (continued)


Governance and Internal Controls
Evolution Mining reports its Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves on an annual basis, with Mineral Resources
inclusive of Ore Reserves. Reporting is in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting
of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves and the ASX Listing Rules. All Mineral Resource and Ore
Reserve estimates and procedures are subject to internal and external review by qualified professionals. All Competent
Persons named by Evolution are suitably qualified and experienced as defined in the JORC Code 2012 Edition. Prior to
the public release of the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates, they are reviewed by the Evolution Board.



Competent Persons Statement
The information in this report that relates to the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves listed in the table below is based
on, and fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by the Competent Person whose name
appears in the same row, who is employed on a full-time basis by Evolution Mining Limited. Each person named in
the table below has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposits under
consideration and to the activity which he has undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC
Code 2012. Each person named in the table below is a member or fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy and consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on their information in the form and context
in which it appears.

Evolution employees acting as a Competent Person may hold equity in Evolution Mining Limited and may be entitled
to participate in Evolution’s executive equity long-term incentive plan, details of which are included in Evolution’s
annual Remuneration Report. Annual replacement of depleted Ore Reserves is one of the performance measures of
Evolution’s long-term incentive plans.


 Activity                                           Competent Person                                    Membership status
 Cowal Mineral Resource                            James Biggam                                         Member
 Cowal Ore Reserve                                  Ryan Kare                                           Member
 Mungari Mineral Resource                           Andrew Engelbrecht                                  Member
 Mungari Ore Reserve                                Matt Varvari                                        Member
 Mt Carlton Mineral Resource                        Matthew Obiri-Yeboah                                Member
 Mt Carlton Open Pit Ore Reserve                    Anton Kruger                                        Fellow
 Mt Carlton Underground Ore Reserve                Tully Davies                                         Member
 Cracow Mineral Resource                            Chris Wilson                                        Member
 Cracow Ore Reserve                                 Phillip Jones                                       Member
 Mt Rawdon Mineral Resource                        Timothy Murphy                                       Member
 Mt Rawdon Ore Reserve                              Dimitri Tahan                                       Member
 Marsden Mineral Resources                          Michael Andrew                                      Fellow
 Marsden Ore Reserve                                Anton Kruger                                        Fellow


Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore
Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2017” released February 2018 and available to view at www.glencore.com.
The information in this statement that relates to the Ernest Henry Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve is based on, and
fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by Colin Stelzer and Mark Jamieson respectively.
Colin and Mark are members of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and are full-time employees of
Glencore. The Company confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in
Glencore’s market release continue to apply and have not materially changed. Colin Stelzer and Mark Jamieson consent
to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on their information in the form and context in which it appears.
Ernest Henry Resource is reported on a 100% basis for gold and 30% for copper (Evolution Mining has rights to 100%
of the revenue from future gold production and 30% of future copper and silver produced from an agreed life of mine
area and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed life of mine
area). Apportioning of the resource into the specific rights does not constitute a material change to the reported figures.




                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    57
     Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (continued)

      Forward looking statements
      This report prepared by Evolution Mining Limited (or “the Company”) includes forward looking statements. Often, but not always, forward looking statements
      can generally be identified by the use of forward looking words such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “continue”, and
     “guidance”, or other similar words and may include, without limitation, statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives of management, anticipated
      production or construction commencement dates and expected costs or production outputs.

     Forward looking statements inherently involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results,
     performance and achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements. Relevant factors may include, but are not limited
     to, changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange fluctuations and general economic conditions, increased costs and demand for production inputs, the
     speculative nature of exploration and project development, including the risks of obtaining necessary licenses and permits and diminishing quantities or grades
     of reserves, political and social risks, changes to the regulatory framework within which the Company operates or may in the future operate, environmental
     conditions including extreme weather conditions, recruitment and retention of personnel, industrial relations issues and litigation.

     Forward looking statements are based on the Company and its management’s good faith assumptions relating to the financial, market, regulatory and other
     relevant environments that will exist and affect the Company’s business and operations in the future. The Company does not give any assurance that the
     assumptions on which forward looking statements are based will prove to be correct, or that the Company’s business or operations will not be affected in any
     material manner by these or other factors not foreseen or foreseeable by the Company or management or beyond the Company’s control.

     Although the Company attempts and has attempted to identify factors that would cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those
     disclosed in forward looking statements, there may be other factors that could cause actual results, performance, achievements or events not to be as
     anticipated, estimated or intended, and many events are beyond the reasonable control of the Company. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue
     reliance on forward looking statements. Forward looking statements in these materials speak only at the date of issue. Subject to any continuing obligations
     under applicable law or any relevant stock exchange listing rules, in providing this information the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly
     update or revise any of the forward-looking statements or to advise of any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based




     Group Gold Mineral Resources Statement
                                                             Group Gold Mineral Resources – December 2017
                           Gold                             Measured                 Indicated                    Inferred             Total Resource
                                                      Gold Gold          Gold Gold          Gold Gold          Gold                                  Gold
                                          Cut- Tonnes             Tonnes             Tonnes             Tonnes                                                CP3
          Project          Type                       Grade Metal        Grade Metal        Grade Metal        Grade                                 Metal
                                          Off   (Mt)               (Mt)               (Mt)               (Mt)
                                                      (g/t) (koz)        (g/t) (koz)        (g/t) (koz)        (g/t)                                 (koz)
          Cowal1           Open pit       0.4    46.64 0.70 1,049 141.99               0.91 4,173         5.27      1.50     255    193.90 0.88      5,476
          Cowal            Underground      3         -        -       -        -        -         -      5.90      3.17     603    5.90     3.17    603
          Cowal1           Total           0.4       46.64    0.70 1,049 141.99        0.91      4,173    11.17     2.39     858    199.80 0.95      6,079     1
          Cracow1          Total           2.8       0.17     8.52     46     1.40      7.13      321     1.56      2.87     144     3.13    5.08     511     2
          Mt Carlton1      Open pit       0.35       0.59     3.65     69    10.36     2.38      793      0.69     4.58       101   11.64    2.57    963
          Mt Carlton       Underground     2.4        -        -       -      0.21     11.56      78      0.05     10.38      15    0.25     11.35    93
          Mt Carlton1      Total                     0.59     3.65     69    10.57     2.60      870      0.73      4.90      117   11.89    2.76    1,056    4
          Mt Rawdon1       Total           0.2       2.89     0.58     54    39.79     0.71      905      5.77      0.58     108    48.44    0.69    1,067    5
          Mungari1         Open pit        0.5       0.18     0.94     5     33.06     1.30      1,379    11.69     1.51     566    44.93    1.35    1,950
          Mungari          Underground 2.5/1.5       0.41     9.46     124    1.48     4.50      214      3.70      2.47     294    5.59     3.52    633
          Mungari1         Total                     0.59     6.84     130   34.54     1.43      1,593    15.40     1.74     860    50.52    1.59    2,583    3
          Ernest
                           Total           0.9       13.20    0.69     293   67.10     0.62      1,338    15.00     0.60     289    95.30    0.63    1,920    6
          Henry2
          Marsden          Total           0.2         -       -        -    119.83    0.27      1,031    3.14      0.22      22    122.97   0.27    1,053    7
          Total                                      64.07 0.80 1,640 415.22           0.77      10,231   52.77     1.41     2,398 532.06    0.83    14,269
      Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding

      Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of Ore Reserves
      1
          Includes stockpiles
      2
          Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq

     Group Mineral Resources Competent Person3 (CP) Notes refer to: 1. James Biggam; 2. Chris Wilson; 3. Andrew Engelbrecht; 4 Matthew Obiri-Yeboah;
     5. Tim Murphy; 6. Colin Stelzer (Glencore); 7. Michael Andrew

     This information is extracted from the reports entitled “Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement” released on 19 April 2018 and “Restructure of
     Ownership of Castle Hill Gold Deposit” released to ASX on 18 July 2018 and both available and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Full details of
     the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2017” released
     February 2018 and available to view at www.glencore.com. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects
     the information included in the Reports and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the estimates in the Reports continue to apply and have
     not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not been materially
     modified from the Reports. Ernest Henry Resource is reported on a 100% basis for gold and 30% for copper (Evolution Mining has rights to 100% of the revenue
     from future gold production and 30% of future copper and silver produced from an agreed life of mine area and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced
     from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed life of mine area). Apportioning of the resource into the specific rights does not constitute a material
     change to the reported figures




58         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (continued)


Group Gold Ore Reserves Statement
                                                           Group Gold Ore Reserves – December 2017
                          Gold                                Proved                           Probable                          Total Reserve
                                                               Gold       Gold                   Gold        Gold                   Gold         Gold           CP3
                                        Cut-      Tonnes                             Tonnes                             Tonnes
    Project           Type                                     Grade      Metal                  Grade       Metal                  Grade        Metal
                                        Off        (Mt)                               (Mt)                               (Mt)
                                                               (g/t)      (koz)                  (g/t)       (koz)                  (g/t)        (koz)
    Cowal1            Open pit          0.4       46.64        0.70       1,049       69.64       0.89       1,998       116.28       0.81      3,046            1
    Cracow1           Underground        3.4        0.17        5.72        32         1.31       5.08         213        1.48        5.14       245            2
    Mt Carlton1       Open pit           0.8        0.59        3.65        69         3.63       4.96         578        4.22        4.77        647           3
    Mt Carlton        Underground        3.7         -           -           -         0.28        7.22        65         0.28        7.22        65            6
    Mt Carlton1       Total                        0.59         3.65        69         3.91        5.11       643        4.50        4.92         712
    Mt Rawdon     1
                      Open pit           0.3       2.89        0.58         54        23.56       0.81         617       26.44       0.79         671           4
    Mungari           Underground       2.75        0.37        5.86        70         0.71       4.70         107        1.08        5.10        177
                                      0.7/0.85-
    Mungari1          Open pit                      0.18        0.79         5        12.87        1.57       646        13.05        1.55        651
                                        0.95
    Mungari1          Total                        0.55        4.24         75        13.58        1.75       753        14.13        1.82       828            5
    Ernest
                      Underground       0.9        10.20        0.77       253        41.20       0.49        649        51.40       0.55        902            7
    Henry2
    Marsden           Open pit           0.3         -           -           -        65.17       0.39         817       65.17       0.39         817           3
    Total                                          61.03       0.78       1,530      218.37       0.81       5,690      279.41       0.80        7,220

Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding
1
    Includes stockpiles
2
    Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq

Group Ore Reserve Competent Person3 (CP) Notes refer to: 1. Ryan Kare; 2. Phillip Jones; 3. Anton Kruger; 4. Dimitri Tahan; 5. Matt Varvari; 6. Tully Davies;
7. Mark Jamieson (Glencore)

This information is extracted from the reports entitled “Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement” released on 19 April 2018 and “Restructure of
Ownership of Castle Hill Gold Deposit” released to ASX on 18 July 2018 and both available and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Full details of
the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2017” released
February 2018 and available to view at www.glencore.com. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included in the Reports and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the estimates in the Reports continue to apply and have
not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not been materially
modified from the Reports




                                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018                 59
     Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (continued)


     Group Copper Mineral Resources Statement
                          Copper                             Measured                       Indicated                   Inferred                Total Resource
                                                               Copper      Copper            Copper Copper        Copper Copper        Copper Copper
                                         Cut-     Tonnes                          Tonnes                   Tonnes               Tonnes                                     CP3
         Project          Type                                 Grade        Metal            Grade   Metal        Grade   Metal        Grade   Metal
                                         Off       (Mt)                            (Mt)                     (Mt)                 (Mt)
                                                                (%)         (kt)              (%)    (kt)          (%)    (kt)          (%)    (kt)
         Marsden          Total         0.2            -            -        -     119.83 0.46          553     3.14      0.24       7      122.97 0.46            560        7
         Ernest
                          Total         0.9       3.96         1.30         51     20.13      1.18      238     4.50      1.00      45      28.59      1.17        334        6
         Henry2
         Mt Carlton1      Open pit      0.35          0.59      0.37         2     10.36      0.41      43      0.69      0.68       5       11.64    0.43          50
         Mt Carlton       Underground    2.4           -            -        -      0.21      0.99       2      0.05      1.40       1       0.25      1.06          3
         Mt Carlton1      Total                       0.59      0.37         2     10.57      0.43      45       0.74     0.73       5       11.89    0.44          52        4
                                        Total         4.55         1.18     54     150.53     0.56      836     8.38      0.68      57      163.45    0.58          946



         Group Copper Ore Reserves Statement
                            Copper                                        Proved                         Probable                          Total Reserve
                                                                          Copper   Copper                    Copper     Copper                Copper     Copper
                                                             Tonnes                            Tonnes                              Tonnes                                 CP3
         Project          Type             Cut-Off                        Grade     Metal                    Grade       Metal                Grade       Metal
                                                              (Mt)                              (Mt)                                (Mt)
                                                                           (%)      (kt)                      (%)        (kt)                  (%)        (kt)
         Marsden                                0.3            -            -         -         65.17         0.57       371       65.17       0.57           371         3
         Ernest
                          Total                 0.9          3.06          1.50      46         12.36         0.96       119       15.42       1.07        165            7
         Henry2
         Mt Carlton   1
                          Open pit              0.8           0.59         0.37       2          3.63         0.7         25        4.22       0.64           27          3
         Mt Carlton       Underground           3.7            -            -         -          0.28         0.36        1         0.28       0.36            1          6
         Mt Carlton1      Total                               0.59         0.37       2          3.91         0.66       26        4.50        0.62           28
                                                Total         3.65         1.32      48         81.44         0.63       516       85.09       0.66        564

     Group Mineral Resources Competent Person3 (CP) Notes refer to 1. James Biggam; 2. Chris Wilson; 3. Andrew Engelbrecht; 4 Matthew Obiri-Yeboah;
     5. Tim Murphy; 6. Colin Stelzer (Glencore); 7. Michael Andrew

     Group Ore Reserve Competent Person3 (CP) Notes refer to 1. Ryan Kare; 2. Phillip Jones; 3. Anton Kruger; 4. Dimitri Tahan; 5. Matt Varvari; 6. Tully Davies;
     7. Mark Jamieson (Glencore)

     The following notes relate to both tables above

     Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding

     Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of Ore Reserves
     1
         Includes stockpiles
     2
         Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq

     Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2017”
     released February 2018 and available to view at www.glencore.com. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially
     affects the information included in the Report and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the estimates in the Report continue to apply and
     have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not been materially
     modified from the Report. Ernest Henry Resource is reported on a 100% basis for gold and 30% for copper (Evolution Mining has rights to 100% of the revenue
     from future gold production and 30% of future copper and silver produced from an agreed life of mine area and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced
     from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed life of mine area). Apportioning of the resource into the specific rights does not constitute a material change
     to the reported figures.




60       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Board of Directors


                               Jacob (Jake)                                                  James (Jim)
                               Klein                                                         Askew
                               BCom (Hons), ACA,                                              BEng (Mining), MEngSc,
                               Executive Chairman                                             FAusIMM, MCIMM, MSME
                                                                                              (AIME), MAICD,
                             Mr Klein was appointed
                                                                                              Non-Executive Director
                             as Executive Chairman in
                             October 2011, following                                          Mr Askew is a mining
                             the merger of Conquest                                           engineer with more
                             Mining Limited and                                               than 40 years’ broad
                             Catalpa Resources Limited.                                       international experience
                             Previously he served as                                          as a Director and Chief
the Executive Chairman of Conquest Mining.                    Executive Officer for a wide range of Australian and
                                                              international publicly listed mining, mining finance and
Prior to that, Mr Klein was President and CEO of Sino
                                                              other mining related companies. Mr Askew has served
Gold Mining Limited, where he managed the development
                                                              on the boards of numerous mining and mining services
of that company into the largest foreign participant in
                                                              companies, which currently include OceanaGold Limited
the Chinese gold industry. Sino Gold was listed on the
                                                              (Chairman since November 2006), a company with
ASX in 2002 with a market capitalisation of A$100 million
                                                              operations in the Philippines, USA and New Zealand;
and was purchased by Eldorado Gold Corporation in
                                                              Syrah Resources Limited (Chairman since October 2014),
late 2009 for over A$2 billion. It became an ASX/S&P
                                                              a company with operations in Mozambique and in the
100 Company, operating two award-winning gold mines
                                                              USA; and Endeavour Mining Corporation (Non-Executive
and engaging over 2,000 employees and contractors in
                                                              Director since July 2017), a company with operations in
China. Prior to joining Sino Gold (and its predecessor)
                                                              Cote d’Ivoire, Mali and Burkina Faso.
in 1995, Mr Klein was employed at Macquarie Bank and
PricewaterhouseCoopers.                                       Mr Askew is a member of the Risk Committee and
                                                              Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Mr Klein was a Non-Executive Director of the Lynas
                                                              Committee.
Corporation Limited from August 2004 to May 2017, a
company with operations in Australia and Malaysia and         Within the last 3 years Mr Askew has been a Non-
of OceanaGold Corporation from December 2009 to July          Executive Director of Nevada Copper Limited and Asian
2014 a company with operations in the Philippines, USA        Mineral Resources Ltd.
and New Zealand.


                                                                                             Graham
                               Lawrie Conway                                                 Freestone
                                B Bus, CPA, MAICD,
                                                                                             BEc (Hons),
                                Finance Director and
                                                                                             Non-Executive Director
                                Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                             Mr Freestone has more
                                 Mr Conway was appointed
                                                                                             than 45 years’ experience
                                 Finance Director and
                                                                                              in the petroleum and
                                 Chief Financial Officer of
                                                                                             natural resources
                                 Evolution Mining Limited
                                                                                              industry. He has a broad
                                 with effect from 1 August
                                 2014 (previously a Non-                                     finance, corporate and
                                 Executive Director). Mr                                     commercial background
                                 Conway has more than 28                                     obtained in Australia and
                                 years’ experience in the     internationally through senior finance positions with the
resources sector across a diverse range of commercial,        Shell Group, Acacia Resources Limited and AngloGold
financial and operational activities. He has held a mix       Ashanti Limited.
of corporate, operational and commercial roles within         Mr Freestone was the Chief Financial Officer and
Australia, Papua New Guinea and Chile with Newcrest           Company Secretary of Acacia Resources Limited from
and prior to that with BHP Billiton. He most recently held    1994 until 2001. From 2001 to 2009 he was a Non-
the position of Executive General Manager – Commercial        Executive director of Lion Selection Limited, and from
and West Africa with Newcrest Mining where he was             2009 to 2011 he was a Non-Executive Director of Catalpa
responsible for Newcrest’s group Supply and Logistics,        Resources Limited and Chaired their Audit Committees
Marketing, Information Technology and Laboratory
                                                              during that period.
functions as well as Newcrest’s business in West Africa.
                                                              Mr Freestone is a Non-Executive Director of Kasbah
Mr Conway is a Non-Executive Director of Aurelia Metals
                                                              Resources Limited (appointed February 2017) a company
Ltd (appointed in June 2017).


                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   61
     Board of Directors (continued)


     with a tin project in Morocco and Chairs its Remuneration   Mr Johnstone was Chief Operating Officer at Equinox
     and Audit Committees.                                       Minerals Limited, until the acquisition by Barrick Gold
                                                                 Corporation in 2011. Prior to that Mr Johnstone was Chief
     Mr Freestone was Chair of the Audit Committee from
                                                                 Operating Officer of Sino Gold Mining Limited, where he
     2011 until June 2018 and remains a member of the Audit
                                                                 oversaw the development and operation of gold mines
     Committee. Subsequent to year end,
                                                                 in China. Mr Johnstone is Chairman of Aurelia Metals Ltd
     Mr Freestone stepped down from the Risk Committee
                                                                 (since November 2016).
     and was appointed as a member of the Nomination and
     Remuneration Committee.                                     Mr Johnstone is the Lead Independent Director, Chair
                                                                 of the Risk Committee, and a member of the Audit
                                                                 Committee. Mr Johnstone was a former Non-Executive
                                    Andrea Hall                  Director of Magnis Resources Ltd; Neometals Ltd (Reed
                                                                 Resources Ltd); and Metallum Ltd.
                                     BCom, FCA,
                                     M. App Fin, GAICD,
                                     Non-Executive Director                                    Thomas
                                     Ms Hall is a Chartered                                    (Tommy)
                                     Accountant with more
                                     than 30 years’ experience                                 McKeith
                                     in the financial services
                                                                                                BSc (Hons), GradDip
                                     industry in roles
                                                                                                Eng (Mining), MBA,
                                     involved in internal
                                                                                                Non-Executive Director
                                     audit, risk management,
                                     corporate and operational                                   Mr McKeith is a geologist
     governance, external audit, financial management and                                        with 30 years’ experience
     strategic planning. Prior to retiring from KPMG in 2012,                                    in various mine geology,
     Ms Hall was a Perth-based partner within KPMG’s Risk                                        exploration and business
     Consulting Services in industries including mining,                                         development roles. He
     mining services, transport, healthcare, insurance,          was formerly Executive Vice President (Growth and
     property and government.                                    International Projects) for Gold Fields Limited, where he
                                                                 was responsible for global greenfields exploration and
     Ms Hall is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair
                                                                 project development.
     of the Audit and Risk Committee at ASX-listed Pioneer
     Credit Limited and Automotive Holdings Group Limited.       Mr McKeith was also Chief Executive Officer of Troy
     Ms Hall is also a Non-Executive Director of Insurance       Resources Limited and has held Non-Executive Director
     Commission of Western Australia and the Fremantle           roles at Sino Gold Limited, Avoca Resources Limited
     Football Club.                                              and is currently the Non-Executive Chairman of Prodigy
                                                                 Gold NL.
     Ms Hall became Chair of the Audit Committee in June
     2018 and was a member until this date.                      Mr McKeith is the Chair of the Nomination and
                                                                 Remuneration Committee. Subsequent to year end,
                                                                 Mr McKeith stepped down from the Audit Committee
                                    Colin (Cobb)                 and was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee.

                                    Johnstone
                                     BEng (Mining),
                                     Lead Independent
                                     Director

                                   Mr Johnstone is a mining
                                   engineer with over 30
                                   years’ experience in the
                                   resources sector. He has
                                   served as General Manager
                                   at some of Australia’s
                                   largest mines including the
     Kalgoorlie Super Pit in Western Australia, the Olympic
     Dam Mine in South Australia and the Northparkes Mine
     in New South Wales. He has extensive international
     experience including Canada, China, Africa and South
     America.




62    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Chief Financial Officer’s Review


The true test of a good strategy is the financial outcomes generated. Right from when Evolution was formed we have
directed our energy to establishing a globally relevant mid-tier gold company that generates superior returns for our
shareholders. The financial performance achieved in the twelve months to 30 June 2018 truly do reflect that we have
executed well against that strategy. Right across the business we have seen all areas combine to deliver excellent
financial outcomes for our shareholders. The results clearly demonstrate that the decisions taken over the past few
years have significantly improved the quality of our portfolio.




                                   “The business delivered on production and cost
                                   guidance for the seventh consecutive year. Evolution
                                   recorded a 21% increase in statutory net profit after
                                   tax to A$263.4 million and produced an underlying
                                   profit after tax to A$250.8 million (30 June 2017:
                                   A$217.6 million and A$206.6 million respectively).
                                   Both of these were record profits.”

                                   Lawrie Conway
                                   Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer




The Group’s ongoing focus on productivity improvements        Total gold sold equalled 798,101oz which included
and cost efficiencies delivered another year of               deliveries into the hedge book of 205,915oz at an
outstanding results. Total gold production of 801,187oz       average price of A$1,564/oz (30 June 2017: 248,493oz,
was at the upper end of original guidance for the year of     A$1,584/oz). The remaining 592,186oz were sold at
750,000oz – 805,000oz. Record low AISC of A$797/oz,           achieved average price of A$1,673/oz (30 June 2017:
represented a decrease of 12% on the prior year and was       568,830oz, A$1,666/oz). The Group’s hedge book
well below original guidance of A$820/oz – A$870/oz.          totalled 250,000oz at 30 June 2018 at an average price
                                                              of A$1,711/oz with deliveries through to June 2020.
Operating mine cash flow of A$811.8 million represented
an increase of 15% on the prior year. Net mine cash flow      Group operating costs (excluding depreciation,
increased 17% on the previous year to A$539.9 million         amortisation and fair value adjustments of A$435.6
with all mines contributing positive cash flows after         million) decreased to A$705.5 million (30 June 2017:
meeting their capital investment commitments.                 A$719.7 million) largely as a result of the sale of Edna
                                                              May during the year which resulted in a decrease of
Net bank debt was reduced by A$325.8 million to               A$61.5 million on the prior year. This was offset by the
A$71.8 million (30 June 2017: A$397.6 million).               inclusion of a full 12 months of operating costs from
                                                              Ernest Henry, which accounted for an increase of A$52.3
Revenue for the year ended 30 June 2018 increased
                                                              million to A$116.4 million (30 June 2017: $64.1 million).
by 4% to A$1,540.4 million (30 June 2017: A$1,479.9
                                                              The operating costs for the five existing mine sites
million). This is largely due to a full 12-month sales
                                                              remained consistent, with an increase of only 2% on the
contribution from Ernest Henry totalling A$347.4 million
                                                              prior year to A$554.6 million.
(30 June 2017: A$163.3 million1) partly offset by the
impact of the disposal of the Edna May Operation which        In December 2017, the Group made its first income tax
resulted in a decrease in revenue of A$79.7 million on        payment having utilised all unrestricted tax losses. A
the prior year.                                               total of A$48.4 million of income tax was paid during




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   63
     Chief Financial Officer’s Review (continued)


     the year including tax paid for the 30 June 2017                    Financials          Units        FY18         FY17          Change
     financial year (A$30.7 million) and tax instalments for
     30 June 2018 financial year (A$17.7 million). This was          Statutory Profit
                                                                                             A$M          338.9        237.3         43%
     another indication of the quality and profitability of the      before tax
     portfolio now in place.                                         Statutory Profit
                                                                                             A$M          263.4        217.6         21%
                                                                     after tax
     Total exploration expenditure for the year ended 30
     June 2018 was A$31.6 million (30 June 2017: A$29.0              Underlying
                                                                                             A$M          250.8        206.6         21%
     million) with an exploration expense of A$5.4 million           Profit after tax
     (30 June 2017: A$12.6 million).                                 EBITDA                  A$M          795.1        713.9         11%
     Capital expenditure for the year totalled A$271.9 million
     (30 June 2017: A$245.0 million). This consisted of
                                                                     Operating Mine
     sustaining capital, including near mine exploration and                                 A$M          811.8        706.5         15%
                                                                     Cash Flow
     resource definition of A$100.9 million (30 June 2017:
     A$116.6 million) and growth (major capital) projects of         Net Mine Cash
                                                                                             A$M          539.9        461.5         17%
     A$171.0 million (30 June 2017: A$128.4 million). The main       Flow
     growth capital projects included: Stage H and Float Tails       Group Cash
     (Dual) Leach projects (A$84.6 million) at Cowal, Cracow                                 A$M          395.6        382.0         4%
                                                                     Flow1
     underground mine development (A$14.4 million), Mt
     Rawdon capital waste stripping (A$10.9 million) and
     Mungari underground development (A$8.9 million).                EBITDA Margin2            %          53.0         49.0          8%

     On 3 October 2017, the sale of the Edna May Operation           AIC Margin             A$/oz         612.0        568.0         8%
     to Ramelius Operations Pty Ltd was completed for total          Earnings
     proceeds of up to A$90.0 million. The consideration                                      cps          15.6         13.3         17%
                                                                     Per Share
     comprised of a A$40.0 million up front cash payment
     and contingent consideration in the form of either a
     cash royalty, Ramelius shares, or a combination of both         Gearing                   %           2.7          15.9         83%
     up to A$50.0 million.                                           Final dividend           cps          7.5          5.0          33%
     In August 2017, the Directors approved a change to the          (fully franked)
     dividend policy of whenever possible paying a dividend         1.   Excludes proceeds from Edna May (FY18) and Pajingo (FY17)
     equivalent to 50% of the Company’s after-tax earnings.         2.   FY18 excludes Edna May; FY17 excludes Pajingo
     This policy was applied to both the interim and final
     dividend for 2018. Total dividends declared for the 2018
     financial year were 7.5 cents per share totalling A$126.9
     million. These dividends were fully franked.
                                                                    Yours faithfully
     Evolution is forecasting FY19 Group gold production of
     720,000 – 770,000 ounces of gold. Group C1 cash costs
     are expected to be in the range of A$560 – A$610 per
     ounce and Group AISC are expected to be in the range
     of A$850 – A$900 per ounce.

     In conclusion, the 2018 financial year was another great
     year for Evolution. We are committed to maintaining our
     focus on low costs and strong cash generation.
     We are also actively investing in the future to ensure the
                                                                    LAWRIE CONWAY
     sustainability of our business and are confident in our
     ability to continue to deliver superior shareholder returns.   FINANCE DIRECTOR and CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




64    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Evolution Mining Limited
Annual Financial Report




        Contents
                                                                                       Page

        Directors' Report                                                                66

        Auditor's Independence Declaration                                              104

        Financial Statements

            Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income     105

            Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                  106

            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                  107

            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                        108

            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                              109

        Directors' Declaration                                                          150

        Independent Auditor's Report to the Members                                      151

        Shareholder Information                                                          157

        Corporate Information                                                            159




                                                             Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   65
     Directors’ Report
     Directors' Report

     Directors' Report
     The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of the Evolution Mining Limited Group, consisting of
     Evolution Mining Limited ("the Company") and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2018.

     Directors

     The Directors of Evolution Mining Limited during the year ended 30 June 2018 and up to the date of this report are set out below. All
     Directors held their position as a Director throughout the entire year and up to the date of this report unless otherwise stated.

     Jacob (Jake) Klein                        Executive Chairman
     Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway                  Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer
     Colin (Cobb) Johnstone                    Lead Independent Director
     James (Jim) Askew                         Non-Executive Director
     Graham Freestone                          Non-Executive Director
     Thomas (Tommy) McKeith                    Non-Executive Director
     Naguib Sawiris (i)                        Non-Executive Director
     Sebastien de Montessus (i)                Non-Executive Director
     Andrea Hall (ii)                          Non-Executive Director
     Vincent Benoit (iii)                      Alternate Non-Executive Director for Naguib Sawiris
     Amr El Adawy (iii)                        Alternate Non-Executive Director for Sebastien de Montessus
     Andrew Wray (iv)                          Alternate Non-Executive Director for Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus

     (i) Resigned as Non-Executive Director effective 1 August 2018.
     (ii) Appointed as Non-Executive Director effective 1 October 2017.
     (iii) Resigned as Alternate Non-Executive Director effective 19 April 2018.
     (iv) Appointed as Alternate Non-Executive Director effective 19 April 2018. Resigned as Alternate Non-Executive Director effective 1
     August 2018.

     Company Secretary
     The name of the Company Secretary during the full year ended 30 June 2018 and up to the date of this report is as follows:

     Evan Elstein

     Principal activities
     The principal activities of the Group during the year were exploration, mine development, mine operations and the sale of gold and
     gold/copper concentrate in Australia. There were no significant changes to these activities during the year.

     Key highlights for the year
     Key highlights for the year ended 30 June 2018 include:

     •     Safety of our people is of paramount importance and our focus has been demonstrated through an improved total recordable
           injury frequency (TRIF) of 5.50 (30 June 2017: 7.96).

     •     The Group recorded a statutory net profit after tax of $263.4 million for the year, an increase of 21% on the prior year.
           Underlying profit after tax increased by 21% to a record $250.8 million (30 June 2017: $206.6 million).

     •     The Group’s continuing focus on productivity improvements and cost efficiencies delivered a year with outstanding results
           including:

             •    Total gold production of 801,187oz at the upper end of original guidance for the year of 750,000oz - 805,000oz.

             •    Record low AISC of A$797/oz, representing a decrease of 12% on the prior year and falling below original guidance of
                  A$820/oz - A$870/oz.

             •    Operating mine cash flow of A$811.8 million, representing an increase of 15% on the prior year.

             •    Net mine cash flow of A$539.9 million, representing an increase of 17% on the prior year with all mines contributing
                  positive cash flows after all capital investment.

             •    Net bank debt has been reduced by $325.8 million to $71.8 million (30 Jun 2017: $397.6 million).




                                                                         66




66       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Key highlights for the year (continued)

•   A total of $109.9 million (30 June 2017: $63.0 million) in fully franked dividends was paid during the year. A final dividend of 4
    cents per share fully franked ($67.7 million) was declared and will be paid on 28 September 2018.

•   In May 2018, Evolution entered into an agreement with Orion Minerals Limited to acquire 100% of the Connors Arc exploration
    project, a large, early-stage exploration project covering approximately 3,200km², located 160km northwest of Rockhampton in
    Queensland. It is a technically compelling project with multiple and very extensive alteration zones which could be indicative of
    multiple preserved epithermal gold systems. The project area has similar geological characteristics to two of Evolution’s current
    mines, Mt Carlton and Cracow, both of which are greater than one million ounce epithermal gold deposits.

•   In March 2018, the Group successfully renewed the Senior Secured Revolving Loan (“Facility A”) and the Performance Bond
    Facility (“Facility C”) through to July 2021 for $350.0 million and $175.0 million respectively (previously $300.0 million and
    $155.0 million respectively). The expiry date of the Senior Secured Term Loan (“Facility D”) remains unchanged at October
    2021. Facility A ($350.0 million) remained undrawn at 30 June 2018. The renewal of the debt facilities has secured a saving of
    approximately $6 million over the term of the loans compared to the previous pricing.

•   In February 2018, an agreement was reached with Emmerson Resources Limited to restructure the Tennant Creek Mineral
    Field Joint Venture. Under the new arrangement, Evolution has forgone its right to a 65% interest in the entire JV area and
    instead acquired a 100% interest in the Gecko, Goanna and Orlando Copper-Gold project.

•   In December 2017, the Group made its first income tax payment. A total of $48.4 million of income tax was paid during the year
    including tax paid for the 30 June 2017 financial year ($30.7 million) and tax instalments for the current year ($17.7 million).

•   On 3 October 2017, the sale of the Edna May Operation to Ramelius Operations Pty Ltd was completed for total proceeds of up
    to $90.0 million. The consideration comprised of a $40.0 million up-front cash payment and contingent consideration in the form
    of either a cash royalty, Ramelius shares, or combination of both up to $50.0 million.

•   In September 2017, the Group repaid the outstanding balance of $40.0 million on the Senior Secured Term Loan ("Facility B")
    in anticipation of the up-front cash payment to be received on the sale of the Edna May Operation. The Senior Secured
    Revolving Loan ("Facility A") remained undrawn during the year.

•   On 4 August 2017, the Group agreed to subscribe for a $2.5 million investment in the initial public offering of Riversgold Ltd, a
    new, gold-focussed, exploration company whose strategy is to build a portfolio of high-quality mineral projects with a view to sell
    or enter into a joint venture at an appropriate time in the project life cycle. This provided the Company with a shareholding of
    15.1% in Riversgold Ltd.




                                                                  67




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      67
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review

     Evolution is a leading, growth-focussed Australian gold company. As at 30 June 2018, the Group consisted of five wholly-owned
     operating gold mines: Cowal in New South Wales; Cracow, Mt Carlton and Mt Rawdon in Queensland; and Mungari in Western
     Australia, and an economic interest in the Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation (100% of gold and 30% of copper and silver) in
     Queensland.

     The Group’s strategy is to deliver shareholder value through efficient gold production, growing gold reserves and developing
     acquiring or divesting assets to improve the quality of the portfolio. Since its formation in November 2011, the Group has built a
     strong reputation for operational predictability and stability through a record of consistently achieving production and cost guidance
     with guidance met for seven consecutive years. A portfolio approach to production provides Evolution with a Group-wide level of
     operational stability and predictability without reliance on one single asset. The Group’s high-performance team culture and clearly
     defined business plans and goals further contribute to delivering reliable and consistent results.

     To build a sustainable business, the Group maintains a strong commitment to growth through exploration and a disciplined
     methodical approach to business development through opportunistic, logical, value-accretive acquisitions and divestments.

     Profit Overview
     The Group achieved a record 12-month statutory net profit after tax of $263.4 million for the year ended 30 June 2018 (30 June
     2017: $217.6 million), largely driven by a 12 month contribution from the Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation compared to 8
     months in the previous year. In October 2017, the Group disposed of the Edna May asset to Ramelius Operations Pty Limited as
     part of its strategy to improve the quality of its asset portfolio.

     The following graph shows the movements in the Group's statutory profit after tax for the year ended 30 June 2017 to the year
     ended 30 June 2018.




                                                                       68




68    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Profit Overview (continued)

The Group achieved a record underlying net profit after tax of $250.8 million for the year ended 30 June 2018 (30 June 2017:
$206.6 million). The table below shows a reconciliation of statutory profit/(loss) before tax to the underlying profit after tax.

                                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                                              $'000                $'000
 Statutory profit before income tax                                                                        338,934              237,284
 Fair value gain                                                                                            (3,142)                    -
 Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                       -                3,576
 Transaction and integration costs                                                                            (866)                6,987
 Underlying profit before income tax                                                                       334,926              247,847
 Income tax expense                                                                                        (75,546)             (19,677)
 Tax benefit on sale of subsidiary                                                                            4,165                    -
 Tax effect of adjustments                                                                                    1,201              (1,182)
 Recognition of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                          (4,544)             (20,400)
 Recognition of previously unrecognised temporary differences                                               (9,440)                    -
 Underlying profit after income tax                                                                        250,762              206,588

Cash Flow

Operating mine cash flow increased 15% with all operations producing positive operating mine cash flows totalling $811.8 million
(30 June 2017: $706.5 million). Total capital expenditure increased 11% which was in line with plan at $271.9 million (including all
sustaining and major capital expenditure, rehabilitation costs and capital stripping).

The Group’s All in Sustaining Cost decreased by 12% to $797/oz (30 June 2017: $907/oz) driven by the inclusion of 12 months (30
June 2017: 8 months) of results from Ernest Henry which contributed an AISC of $(641)/oz for the year offset by the 11% increase
in capital expenditure attributable in the most part to Cowal Stage H capital waste stripping costs and Cowal’s Float Tails Leach
project.




                                                                   69




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       69
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Key Results

     The consolidated operating and financial results for the current and prior year are summarised below. All $ figures refer to Australian
     thousand dollars (A$'000) unless otherwise stated.

     Key Business Metrics                                                                  30 June 2018      30 June 2017 % Change (ii)

     Total underground ore mined (kt)                                                             7,817             5,662              38%
     Total underground lateral development (m)                                                   13,640            11,290              21%
     Total open pit ore mined (kt)                                                               14,453            19,672            (27)%
     Total open pit waste mined (kt)                                                             40,984            33,128              24%
     Processed tonnes (kt)                                                                       21,425            20,607               4%
     Gold grade processed (g/t)                                                                    1.37              1.49             (8)%
     Gold production (oz)                                                                       801,187           844,124             (5)%
     Silver production (oz)                                                                     989,253         1,067,681             (7)%
     Copper production (t)                                                                       23,268            14,898              56%
     Unit cash operating cost (A$/oz) (i)                                                           512               625              18%
     All in sustaining cost (A$/oz) (i)                                                             797               907              12%
     All in cost (A$/oz) (i)                                                                      1,033             1,073               4%
     Gold price achieved (A$/oz)                                                                  1,645             1,641              0.2%
     Silver price achieved (A$/oz)                                                                   22                24             (8)%
     Copper price achieved (A$/t)                                                                 8,923             7,600              17%
     Total Revenue                                                                            1,540,433         1,479,876               4%
     Cost of sales (excluding D&A and fair value adjustments (i))                              (705,553)         (719,738)              2%
     Corporate, admin, exploration and other costs (excluding D&A)                              (39,797)          (46,283)             14%
     EBIT (i)                                                                                   360,380           270,959              33%
     EBITDA (i)                                                                                 795,083           713,855              11%
     Statutory profit/(loss) after income tax                                                   263,388           217,607              21%
     Underlying profit after income tax                                                         250,762           206,588              21%
     Operating mine cash flow                                                                   811,766           706,484              15%
     Capital expenditure                                                                       (271,870)         (244,998)           (11)%
     Net mine cash flow                                                                         539,896           461,486              17%

     (i)      EBITDA, EBIT, Unit cash operating cost, All-in Sustaining Cost (AISC), and All-in Cost (AIC) are non-IFRS financial
              information and are not subject to audit.
     (ii)     Percentage change represents positive/(negative) impact on the business
     (iii)    Ernest Henry mining and processing statistics are in 100% terms while costs represent Evolution's cost and not solely the
              cost of Ernest Henry's operation.




                                                                       70




70     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Mining Operations

Cowal

Cowal was the Group's highest producer, achieving above guidance gold production of 257,951oz (guidance of 235,000 -
245,000oz) at an average unit cash operating cost of $675/oz and AISC of $877/oz. Cash costs and AISC were in line with, and
below the lower end of guidance of $660 -$720/oz and $950 - $1,000/oz respectively. Capital expenditure for the year was $124.6
million, of which $84.9 million relate to the Stage H and Float Tails (Dual) Leach projects. Commissioning of the Float Tails (Dual)
Leach project is forecast to commence in September 2018. Once commissioned, the project is expected to increase recoveries
between 4 and 6%.




Cowal ore mining activities in the year focussed on the E42 Stage G cutback to a current operating level of 858mRL. At 30 June
2018, Stage H material movement remained on track, and mining activities have transitioned from free digging in the oxides to drill
and blast in the primary rock.

During March 2018, Cowal submitted the Modification 14 development application, which includes seeking approval to increase
plant throughput from 7.5Mtpa to 9.8Mtpa to the NSW Department of Planning and Environment. Public support has been strong.
Evolution has submitted responses to public submissions and is now awaiting a decision from the regulator. This is expected to be
received in the second half of FY19.

Exploration work delivered material resource growth, reflected in the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves update which
incorporated full year drilling results and contributed an 816,000oz addition at Galway Regal E46 Underground and at the E41 and
E46 open pits. Work programs in FY19 will aim to further delineate extensions of these resources along strike and at depth.
Definition drilling is also planned to confirm grade continuity and understand geologic controls on grade distribution to support
further classification upgrades.

A maiden Ore Reserve for Marsden, located 17km from the Cowal plant, has been also included in the Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves update, contributing 835,000oz of gold and 380,000t of copper.

Key Business Metrics                                                   30 June 2018    30 June 2017          Change       % Change

Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                225,812           237,007         (11,195)           (5)%
Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                 (39,697)          (43,849)          4,152            (9)%
Major capital ($'000)                                                      (84,923)          (27,080)        (57,843)          214%
Total capital ($'000)                                                     (124,620)          (70,929)        (53,691)            76%
Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                 101,192           166,078         (64,886)          (39)%
Gold production (oz)                                                       257,951           263,015          (5,064)           (2)%
All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                  877               833             (44)             5%
All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                           1,223               941            (282)            30%




                                                                  71




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    71
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Mining Operations (continued)

     Mungari

     Mungari produced a total of 118,498oz at an average unit cash operating cost of $991/oz and an AISC of $1,181/oz. Gold
     production was below guidance of 120,000 - 130,000oz due to significant seismic activity at the Frog's Leg underground mine in the
     first half of FY18. As a consequence cash costs and AISC were above guidance of $860 - $910/oz and $990 -
     $1,050/oz respectively. Capital expenditure in the year was $46.6 mllion of which $8.9 million related to mine development at the
     Frog’s Leg underground mine and $27.7 million related to capital waste stripping on the White Foil open pit.




     The Frog’s Leg underground mine produced 462kt of ore at an average grade of 5.32g/t. Total development for the year was
     1,749m but was impacted by heading availability and rehabilitation operations in the first half. Total material moved at the White Foil
     open pit was 501kt at an average grade of 1.61 g/t. The Stage 3 cutback progressed on plan and moved into an operating phase
     during the later half of the year with subsequent reduced volumes of capital waste being recognised.

     The process plant performed well over the course of the year, with 1,654kt of ore processed at an average grade of 2.36g/t.
     Increased gold recoveries of 94.2% were achieved (30 June 2017 : 92.4%) following the successful commissioning of an additional
     Knelson concentrator allowing for increased recoveries in the gravity circuit.

     Mungari’s performance is expected to improve in FY19 driven by the completion of the White Foil Stage 3 cutback and increased
     availability of high-grade ore feed from the Frog’s Leg underground mine.

     Investment in discovery and resource definition drilling programs across the Mungari tenements continued during the year with full
     results received for definition drilling at the White Foil underground target incorporated in the December 2017 Mineral Resources
     and Ore Reserves update. Development commenced to extend the Frog’s Leg decline with the aim of establishing an underground
     drilling position to test extensions of the Frog’s Leg vein structure well below the base of the deepest workings. Drilling at Perimeter
     and Scottish Archer targets, north of the Mungari processing plant, has returned significant mineralisation. During FY19, drilling is
     planned to delineate the full scope of the mineralised system at Perimeter and to test the depth and strike extents of the high-grade
     zone at Scottish Archer.

     Key Business Metrics                                                    30 June 2018     30 June 2017           Change       % Change

     Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                  70,240            95,958          (25,718)           (27)%
     Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                   (9,935)          (14,566)           4,631            (32)%
     Major capital ($'000)                                                       (36,611)          (22,161)         (14,450)             65%
     Total capital ($'000)                                                       (46,546)          (36,727)          (9,819)             27%
     Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                   23,694            59,231          (35,537)           (60)%
     Gold production (oz)                                                        118,498           143,820          (25,322)           (18)%
     All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                 1,181             1,143               38             (3)%
     All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                            1,604             1,371              233            (17)%




                                                                        72




72    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Mt Carlton

Mt Carlton produced 112,479oz, exceeding guidance of 100,000 - 110,000 ozs. Unit cash operating costs of $299/oz and AISC of
$535/oz were both substantially below the bottom end of guidance of A$420 - $470/oz and A$680 - $730/oz respectively. The
production and cash cost performance over and above plan was predominantly due to higher grades in bonanza zones of the pit
outperforming the resource model.




Mining during the year was focussed on the western end of Stage 3a of the V2 pit with a shift in focus to the Stage 3b cutback in the
later stages. This placed emphasis on Stage 3b ore, and the new Southern ramp construction with anticipation that ore from Stage
3b North (75RL) will be delivered in early FY19.

Capital expenditure for the year of $30.9 million is largely attributed to Stage 3b capital waste of $21.0 million combined with the
purchase of a new excavator and the start of Stage 5 Tailings Storage Facility lift.

The Mine Extension Feasibility Study is ongoing and due for completion and decision in the first half of FY19.

Key Business Metrics                                                    30 June 2018     30 June 2017          Change       % Change

Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                 139,598           120,339           19,259             16%
Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                   (9,866)          (15,304)           5,438           (36)%
Major capital ($'000)                                                       (21,009)          (13,887)          (7,122)            51%
Total capital ($'000)                                                       (30,875)          (29,191)          (1,684)             6%
Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                  108,723            91,148           17,575             19%
Gold production (oz)                                                        112,479           105,024            7,455              7%
All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                   535               622              (87)          (14)%
All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                              735               762              (27)           (4)%




                                                                   73




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     73
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Mining Operations (continued)

     Mt Rawdon

     Mt Rawdon achieved total gold production of 105,053oz at a unit cash operating cost of A$693/oz and an AISC of A$884/oz.
     Production was at the lower end of guidance of 105,000 - 115,000oz, while cash costs and AISC were within guidance of $670 -
     $720/oz and $850 - $900/oz respectively. Capital expenditure for the year was $19.5 million with a large amount of this attributable
     to capital waste mined in the Stage 4 cutback.




     Mining activities during the year were focussed on the progression of the Stage 4 cutback and sourcing ore from the lower benches
     of the open pit. In the early FY19 the plant will predominantly process stockpiles as mining activities focus on waste material in
     Stage 4 and installing additional ground support in the western area of the pit.

     Key Business Metrics                                                  30 June 2018     30 June 2017          Change       % Change

     Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                69,198            69,035             163                %
     Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                 (8,574)          (14,242)          5,668            (40)%
     Major capital ($'000)                                                     (10,924)          (19,071)          8,147            (43)%
     Total capital ($'000)                                                     (19,498)          (33,313)         13,815            (41)%
     Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                 49,700            35,722          13,978              39%
     Gold production (oz)                                                      105,053           101,331           3,722               4%
     All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                 884               873              11             (1)%
     All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                            987             1,065             (78)              7%




                                                                      74




74    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Cracow

Cracow exceeded guidance of 85,000 - 90,000oz, producing 90,357oz at a unit cash operating cost of $762/oz and AISC of
$1,181/oz. Cash costs were below the lower end of the guidance of $810 - $860/oz while AISC was within the guidance range of
$1,150 - $1,200/oz.




A total of 537kt of ore was mined at an average grade of 5.51g/t during the year with primary ore sources being the Kilkenny,
Coronation and Griffin ore bodies.

Capital expenditure for the year was A$34.0 million comprising mainly of capital works to upgrade the airstrip servicing the site,
mobile fleet replacement and refurbishment, and mine development. Capital investment at the mine increased in FY18 and will be
similar in FY19 due to the age of the mine and the successful increase in mine life over the last 18-24 months.

Resource definition and exploration drill programs at Cracow during the year returned strong results from the Killarney structure
where mineralisation is continuing to be defined to the south of the current resource.

Key Business Metrics                                                  30 June 2018     30 June 2017          Change       % Change

Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                 70,771            72,690          (1,919)            (3)%
Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                 (19,601)          (17,462)         (2,139)             12%
Major capital ($'000)                                                      (14,451)          (14,168)           (283)              2%
Total capital ($'000)                                                      (34,052)          (31,630)         (2,422)              8%
Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                  36,719            41,060          (4,341)           (11)%
Gold production (oz)                                                        90,357            89,496             861               1%
All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                1,181             1,123              58             (5)%
All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                           1,269             1,208              61             (5)%




                                                                 75




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     75
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Mining Operations (continued)

     Ernest Henry

     Attributable production from Ernest Henry was 95,209oz of gold exceeding guidance of 85,000 - 90,000oz, 66,750oz of silver and
     21,011t of copper at a negative unit cash operating cost of $(921)/oz and a negative AISC of $(641)/oz after copper and silver
     by-product credit of (1,984)/oz. Cash costs and AISC were substantially below FY18 guidance of $(500) - $(300)/oz and $(200) -
     $(150)/oz respectively.




     Ore mined was 6,819kt at an average grade of 0.56g/t gold and 1.12% copper. Underground development was 6,781m. Ore
     processed was 6,759kt at an average grade of 0.56g/t gold and 1.12% copper. Gold recovery and copper recovery of 80.3% and
     96.3% respectively were achieved.

     Key Business Metrics                                                 30 June 2018 30 June 2017 (i)         Change      % Change

     Operating cash flow ($'000)                                              230,860           87,851         143,009           163%
     Sustaining capital ($'000)                                               (11,618)          (6,066)         (5,552)           92%
     Major capital ($'000)                                                          -                -               -             -%
     Total capital ($'000)                                                    (11,618)          (6,066)         (5,552)           92%
     Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                               219,242           81,785         137,457           168%
     Gold production (oz)                                                      95,209           60,259          34,950            58%
     Copper production (t)                                                     21,011           13,306           7,705            58%
     All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                               (641)            (361)           (280)           78%
     All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                          (641)            (361)           (280)           78%

     (i)      Results for 2017 were for 8 months from 1 November 2016.
     (ii)     Ernest Henry mining and processing statistics are in 100% terms while costs represent Evolution's cost and not solely the
              cost of Ernest Henry's operation.




                                                                     76




76     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Edna May

The Edna May Operation was sold on 3 October 2017 to Ramelius Operations Pty Ltd for total proceeds of up to $90.0 million. The
consideration comprised of a A$40.0 million up-front cash payment and contingent consideration in the form of either a cash royalty,
Ramelius shares, or combination of both up to $50.0 million.

No profit or loss has been recognised on disposal with the value of the consideration, including the net present value of the
contingent consideration, closely matching the carrying value of the Edna May Operation at date of disposal. No contingent
consideration has been received to date. The value of the contingent consideration will be assessed at each reporting period.

During the period that Edna May was still under Evolution ownership, Edna May produced 21,639oz of gold at an AISC of
$1,588/oz.

Financial Performance

Profit or Loss

Revenue for the year ended 30 June 2018 increased by 4% to $1,540.4 million (30 June 2017: $1,479.9 million). This is largely due
to a full 12 months’ sales contribution from Ernest Henry totalling $347.4 million (30 June 2017: $163.3 million). This is comprised of
$188.8 million for copper and silver revenue and $158.6 million for gold revenue (30 June 2017: $102.9 million for 8 months of
copper and silver revenue and $60.4 million for 5 months of gold revenue). The achieved copper price increased 17% to $8,923/t
which favourably impacted revenue in the year. This was partly offset by the impact of the disposal of the Edna May Operation
which resulted in a decrease of $79.7 million on the prior year.

Total gold sold equalled 798,101oz which included deliveries into the hedge book of 205,915oz at an average price of $1,564/oz (30
June 2017: 248,493oz, $1,584/oz). The remaining 592,186oz were sold at spot price achieving an average price of $1,673/oz (30
June 2017: 568,830oz, $1,666/oz). The Group's hedge book totals 250,000oz as at 30 June 2018 at an average price of $1,711/oz
with deliveries through to June 2020.

Operating costs (excluding depreciation, amortisation and fair value adjustments of $435.6 million) decreased to $705.5 million (30
June 2017: $719.7 million) largely as a result of the sale of Edna May during the year which resulted in a decrease of $61.5 million
on the prior year. This was offset by the inclusion of 12 months’ worth of Ernest Henry’s results, which accounted for an increase of
$52.3 million in operating costs (30 June 2018: $116.4 million; 30 June 2017: $64.1 million). The operating costs for the five existing
mine sites remained consistent, with an increase of only 2% on the prior year to $554.6 million.

An independent valuation of the Cowal open pit and Mungari open pit and underground has been completed during the financial
year. A balance sheet reclassification of $90.5 million has been recorded (from Property, Plant and Equipment to Mine
Development) with a resulting $2.9 million of additional mine development amortised during this financial year. As a consequence of
this valuation, a reduction in income tax expense for the year of $22.7 million has been recorded of which $9.4 million has been
excluded from underlying profit as it relates to tax depreciation that will be deducted in future years.

The Group posted a 21% increase in statutory profit after tax to $263.4 million (30 June 2017: $217.6 million) driven by increased
sales, decreased costs per ounce and decreased transaction costs and exploration expense. Underlying profit after tax was $250.8
million (30 June 2017: $206.6 million).

Balance Sheet
Total assets increased 4% during the year to $3,056.3 million (30 June 2017: $2,945.5 million). An increase in cash of $285.8 million
since 30 June 2017 to $323.2 million combined with the recognition of deferred consideration on the Edna May disposal of $34.4m
has been offset by the disposal of total assets attributable to Edna May of $114.0 million as well as a reduction in the net carrying
amount of property, plant and equipment and producing mines due to a depreciation charge of $405.2 million outstripping capital
additions of $323.8 million. Non-current inventories increased by $37.6 million to $38.5 million and include ore stockpiles at Mt
Rawdon ($16.9 million) and Cowal ($21.6 million) not expected to be processed within 12 months. The Cowal ore stockpile of $13.3
million at the beginning of the year has been reclassified from Mine Development.




                                                                  77




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       77
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Financial Performance (continued)

     Balance Sheet (continued)
     Total liabilities for the Group decreased to $767.9 million at 30 June 2018, a decrease of $49.3 million, or 6% on the prior year. The
     decrease is in part attributable to the $40.0 million final repayment of the Senior Secured Term Loan (“Facility B”) established for the
     Cowal acquisition. The remaining decrease is due to the disposal of liabilities of $37.6 million related to the sale of Edna May offset
     by a $11.1 million increase in the current tax liability to $47.3 million at 30 June 2018.

     The Group ended the year with a cash balance of $323.2 million and available credit of $350.0 million in Facility A as part of its
     Senior Secured Syndicated Revolving and Term Facility.

     Cash Flow

     Total cash inflows for the year amounted to $285.8 million (30 June 2017: inflow $20.2 million).

                                                                             30 June 2018     30 June 2017          Change
                                                                                    $'000            $'000            $'000      % Change

     Cash flows from operating activities                                        714,166           650,795           63,371              10%
     Cash flows from investing activities                                       (270,284)       (1,120,794)         850,510            (76)%
     Cash flows from financing activities                                       (158,087)          490,156         (648,243)         (132)%
     Net movement in cash                                                        285,795            20,157          265,638          1,318%
     Cash at the beginning of the year                                            37,385            17,295           20,090            116%
     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash                                         46               (67)             113          (169)%
     Cash at the end of the year                                                 323,226            37,385          285,841            765%

     Net cash outflows from investment activities were $270.3 million, an $850.5 million decrease (30 June 2017: $1,120.8 million) in the
     most part attributable to the prior year payments for the acquisition of the economic interest in Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation
     of $884.0 million (including transaction fees) and receipt of $41.9 million on the sale of Pajingo. Capital investments for the year
     include property, plant and equipment of $116.1 million and mine development and exploration of $191.9 million.

     Net cash outflows from financing activities were $158.1 million, an increase of $648.2 million (30 June 2017: inflow $490.2 million).
     Financing cash flows for the year included the repayment of $40.0 million on the Senior Secured Term Loan and dividend payments
     of $109.9 million offsetting the $408.8 million in equity raised in 2017.

     Taxation

     During the year, the Group made its first income tax payment of $36.2 million related to the 30 June 2017 financial year and
     recognised an income tax expense of $75.5 million (30 June 2017: $19.7 million). On the balance sheet, the Company recognised a
     current tax liability of $47.3 million (30 June 2017: $36.2 million) and a deferred tax asset of $0.4 million (30 June 2017: $16.4
     million).

     Income tax expense for the year has been reduced by $26.7 million due to the recognition of tax losses and temporary differences
     as an asset. This includes $22.7 million as a consequence of an independent valuation of the Cowal open pit and Mungari open pit
     and underground that was completed during the financial year.

     The tax payments made in respect of the 30 June 2017 financial year combined with tax instalments paid over the course of the 30
     June 2018 financial year have enabled the declaration of fully franked interim and final dividends.

     Capital Expenditure

     Capital expenditure for the year totalled $271.9 million (30 June 2017: $245.0 million). This consisted of sustaining capital, including
     near mine exploration and resource definition of $100.9 million (30 June 2017: $116.6 million) and mine development of $171.0
     million (30 June 2017: $128.4 million). The main capital projects included the Stage H and Float Tails (Dual) Leach projects ($84.6
     million) at Cowal, Cracow underground mine development ($14.4 million), Mt Rawdon capital waste stripping ($10.9 million) and
     Mungari underground development ($8.9 million).




                                                                        78




78    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Financial Performance (continued)

Financing

Total finance costs for the year were $24.8 million (30 June 2017: $35.2 million), a decrease of 30%. Included in total finance costs
are interest expense of $20.5 million (30 June 2017: $24.2 million), amortisation of debt establishment costs of $0.7 million (30 June
2017: $7.4 million) and discount unwinding on mine rehabilitation liabilities of $3.6 million (30 June 2017: $3.3 million).

In September 2017, the Group repaid the outstanding balance of $40.0 million on the Senior Secured Term Loan ("Facility B") in
anticipation of the up-front cash payment to be received on the sale of the Edna May Operation. The Senior Secured Revolving
Loan ("Facility A") remained undrawn during the year.

In March 2018, the Group successfully renewed the Senior Secured Revolving Loan (“Facility A”) and the Performance Bond Facility
(“Facility C”) through until July 2021 for $350.0 million and $175.0 million respectively (previously $300.0 million and $155.0 million
respectively). The expiry on the Senior Secured Term Loan (“Facility D”) remains unchanged at October 2021. The renewal of the
debt facilities has secured a saving of approximately $6 million over the term of the loans compared to the previous pricing.

The repayment periods and the outstanding balances as at 30 June 2018 on each facility are set out below:

 Facility                                                                                          Term date Outstanding balance
 Senior Secured Revolving Loan - Facility A ($350.0 million)                                     31 July 2021                $ nil
 Performance Bond Facility - Facility C                                                          31 July 2021         $132 million
 Senior Secured Term Loan - Facility D                                                        15 October 2021         $395 million

Material business risks
The Group prepares its business plans using estimates of production and financial performance based on a range of assumptions
and forecasts. There is uncertainty in these assumptions and forecasts, and risk that variation from them could result in actual
performance being different to expected outcomes. The uncertainties arise from a range of factors, including the nature of the
mining industry and general economic factors. The material business risks faced by the Group that may have an impact on the
operating and financial prospects of the Group as at 30 June 2018 are:

Fluctuations in the gold price and Australian dollar
The Group’s revenues are exposed to fluctuations in the gold, silver and copper prices and the Australian dollar. Volatility in the
gold, silver and copper prices and Australian dollar creates revenue uncertainty and requires careful management of business
performance to ensure that operating cash margins are maintained should the Australian dollar price fall.

Declining gold, silver and copper prices can also impact operations by requiring a reassessment of the feasibility of a particular
exploration or development project. Even if a project is ultimately determined to be economically viable, the need to conduct such a
reassessment could cause substantial delays and/or may interrupt operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and financial condition.

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves

The Group’s Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are estimates, and no assurance can be given that the estimated reserves and
resources are accurate or that the indicated level of gold, silver, copper or any other mineral will be produced. Such estimates are,
in large part, based on interpretations of geological data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques. Actual
mineralisation or geological conditions may be different from those predicted. No assurance can be given that any part or all of the
Group’s Mineral Resources constitute or will be converted into Ore Reserves.

Market price fluctuations of gold, silver and copper as well as increased production and capital costs may render the Group’s Ore
Reserves unprofitable to develop at a particular site or sites for periods of time or may render Ore Reserves containing relatively
lower grade mineralisation uneconomic. Estimated reserves may have to be re-estimated based on actual production experience.
Any of these factors may require the Group to reduce its Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, which could have a negative impact
on the Group’s financial results.




                                                                  79




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      79
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Operating and Financial Review (continued)

     Material business risks (continued)

     Replacement of depleted reserves

     The Group must continually replace reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term. Reserves can
     be replaced by expanding known ore bodies, locating new deposits or making acquisitions. Exploration is highly speculative in
     nature. The Group’s exploration projects involve many risks and are frequently unsuccessful. Once a site with mineralisation is
     discovered, it may take several years from the initial phases of drilling until production is possible.

     As a result, there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. There is a risk that depletion of
     reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions or that divestitures of assets will lead to a lower reserve base. The mineral
     base of the Group may decline if reserves are mined without adequate replacement and the Group may not be able to sustain
     production beyond the current mine lives, based on current production rates.

     Mining risks and insurance risks
     The mining industry is subject to significant risks and hazards, including environmental hazards, industrial accidents, unusual or
     unexpected geological conditions, unavailability of materials and equipment, pit wall failures, rock bursts, seismic events, cave-ins,
     and weather conditions (including flooding and bush fires), most of which are beyond the Group’s control. These risks and hazards
     could result in significant costs or delays that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial performance, liquidity
     and results of operation.

     The Group maintains insurance to cover the most common of these risks and hazards. The insurance is maintained in amounts that
     are considered reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, property, liability and other
     insurance may not provide sufficient coverage for losses related to these or other risks or hazards.

     Production and cost estimates

     The Group prepares estimates of future production, cash costs and capital costs of production for its operations. No assurance can
     be given that such estimates will be achieved. Failure to achieve production or cost estimates or material increases in costs could
     have an adverse impact on the Group’s future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and financial condition.

     The Group’s actual production and costs may vary from estimates for a variety of reasons, including: actual ore mined varying from
     estimates of grade, tonnage, dilution and metallurgical and other characteristics; short-term operating factors relating to the ore
     reserves, such as the need for sequential development of ore bodies and the processing of new or different ore grades; revisions to
     mine plans; risks and hazards associated with mining; natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, water availability
     and floods; and unexpected labour shortages or strikes.

     Costs of production may also be affected by a variety of factors including: changing waste-to-ore ratios, ore grade metallurgy, labour
     costs, cost of commodities, general inflationary pressures and currency exchange rates.

     Environmental, health and safety, and permits

     The Group’s mining and processing operations and exploration activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the
     protection of the environment, waste disposal, worker safety, mine development and protection of endangered and other special
     status species. The Group’s ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate may be adversely impacted by real
     or perceived detrimental events associated with the Group’s activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment,
     human health and safety or the surrounding communities. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals
     may adversely affect the Group’s operations, including its ability to continue operations.

     While the Group has implemented extensive health, safety and community initiatives at its sites to ensure the health and safety of its
     employees, contractors and members of the community affected by its operations, there is no guarantee that such measures will
     eliminate the occurrence of accidents or other incidents which may result in personal injuries or damage to property, and in certain
     instances such occurrences could give rise to regulatory fines and/or civil liability.




                                                                        80




80    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Material business risks (continued)

Community relations

The Group has an established community relations function, both at a Group level and at each of its operations. The Group function
has developed a community engagement framework, including a set of principles, policies and procedures designed to provide a
structured and consistent approach to community activities across our sites whilst recognising that, fundamentally, Community
Relations is about people connecting with people. The Group recognises that a failure to appropriately manage local community
stakeholder expectations may lead to dissatisfactions which have the potential to disrupt production and exploration activities.

Risk management

The Group manages the risks listed above, and other day-to-day risks through an established management framework which
conforms to Australian and international standards and guidance. The Group’s risk reporting and control mechanisms are designed
to ensure strategic, operational, legal, financial, reputational and other risks are identified, assessed and appropriately managed.
These are reviewed by the Risk Committee throughout the year.

The financial reporting and control mechanisms are reviewed during the year by management, the internal audit process, the Audit
Committee and the external auditors.

The Group has policies in place to manage risk in the areas of Health and Safety, Environment and Equal Employment Opportunity.

The Leadership Team, the Risk Committee and the Board regularly review the risk portfolio of the business and the effectiveness of
the Group’s management of those risks.

Dividends
In August 2017, the Directors approved a change to the dividend policy of whenever possible paying a dividend equivalent to 50% of
the Group's after tax earnings. The change was effective immediately and was applied to the final dividend for 2017 and interim
dividend for 2018. This policy remains consistent at 30 June 2018. Dividends will be rounded to the nearest half-cent.

The Board has confirmed that Evolution is in a sound position to meet its commitment under the new policy to pay a final fully
franked dividend for the current period of 4 cents per share, totalling $67.7 million. Evolution shares will trade excluding entitlement
to the dividend on 28 August 2018, with the record date being 29 August 2018 and payment date of 28 September 2018.

The Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRP") remains suspended.

Significant changes in the state of affairs
There were no significant changes in the nature of the activities of the Group during the period, other than those included in the Key
Highlights.

Further information on likely developments in the operations of the Group and the expected results of operations have not been
included in this Annual Financial Report because the Directors believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the
Group.

Events occurring after the reporting period

No matter or circumstance has occurred subsequent to the year end that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the
operations of the Group, the results of those operations or state of affairs of the Group or economic entity in subsequent financial
years except for the following matters:

•   On 18 July, the Company reached an agreement to terminate Norton Gold Field’s right to mine and process ore from the Castle
    Hill deposit. This provides Evolution with full ownership and unfettered access to the deposit located 25km from the Mungari
    processing facility. Castle Hill is estimated to contain Ore Reserves of 236,000oz which will provide a material extension to the
    operating life at Mungari. Evolution will pay an initial up-front cash payment of $12 million (paid 31 July 2018), a further $3
    million six months after completion of the transaction and a 2% net smelter royalty over the first 38,000oz of gold production
    from certain tenements within the Castle Hill deposit area.




                                                                   81




                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      81
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Events occurring after the reporting period (continued)
     •      On 26 July, it was announced that La Mancha had undertaken a block trade monetisation of shares reducing its direct interest
            in Evolution to 9.6%. In accordance with the terms of the Share Sale Agreement signed between Evolution and La Mancha in
            April 2015, La Mancha had the right to nominate Directors to the Board of Evolution provided that it held more than 10.0% of the
            shares on issue in Evolution. La Mancha's nominee Directors, Mr Naguib Sawiris, Mr Sebastian de Montessus and their
            Alternate Director, Mr Andrew Wray resigned from the Board of Directors of Evolution effective 1 August 2018.

     Environmental regulation and performance
     The Executive Chairman reports to the Board on all significant safety and environmental incidents. The Board also has a Risk
     Committee which has oversight of the safety, health and environmental performance of the Group and meets at least two times per
     year. The Directors are not aware of any environmental incidents occurring during the year ended 30 June 2018 which would have a
     materially adverse impact on the overall business of the Group.

     The operations of the Group are subject to environmental regulation under the jurisdiction of the countries in which those operations
     are conducted namely in Australia. Each mining operation is subject to particular environmental regulation specific to their activities
     as part of their operating licence or environmental approvals. Each of our sites are required to also manage their environmental
     obligations in accordance with our corporate environmental policies and standards.

     The environmental laws and regulations that cover each of our sites, combined with our policies and standards, address the
     potential impact of the Group's activities in relation to water and air quality, noise, land disturbance, waste and tailings management,
     and the potential impact upon flora and fauna.

     The Group has a uniform internal reporting system across all sites. All environmental incidents, including breaches of any regulation
     or law are assessed according to their actual or potential environmental consequence. Given levels of environmental incidents are
     tracked based on factors such as spill volume, incident location (onsite or offsite) and potential or actual environmental impacts.
     These levels include: I (insignificant), II (minor), III (moderate), IV (major), V (catastrophic).

     Across the five Evolution Mining Sites, excluding government reporting for vehicular and non-vehicular native fauna deaths, the
     Level III reports for the past two years have been:

                                                                                                               2018                     2017
         Number of Level III incidents                                                                            8                        9

     Incidents were notified to the relevant government authority and the relevant agreed action was taken. There have been no Level IV
     or V incidents.




                                                                        82




82       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Information on Directors
The following information is current as at the date of this report. Please refer to the Remuneration Report section (e) for details of
shareholdings, options and rights.

 Jacob (Jake) Klein, BCom Hons, ACA, Executive Chairman

 Mr Klein was appointed as Executive Chairman in October 2011, following the merger of Conquest Mining Limited and Catalpa
 Resources Limited. Previously he served as the Executive Chairman of Conquest Mining.

 Prior to that, Mr Klein was President and CEO of Sino Gold Mining Limited, where he managed the development of that company
 into the largest foreign participant in the Chinese gold industry. Sino Gold was listed on the ASX in 2002 with a market
 capitalisation of A$100 million and was purchased by Eldorado Gold Corporation in late 2009 for over A$2 billion. It became an
 ASX/S&P 100 Company, operating two award-winning gold mines and engaging over 2,000 employees and contractors in China.
 Prior to joining Sino Gold (and its predecessor) in 1995, Mr Klein was employed at Macquarie Bank and PricewaterhouseCoopers.

 Mr Klein was a Non-Executive Director of the Lynas Corporation Limited from August 2004 to May 2017, a company with
 operations in Australia and Malaysia and of OceanaGold Corporation from December 2009 to July 2014 a company with
 operations in the Philippines, USA and New Zealand.


 Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway B Bus, CPA, GAICD, Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer

 Mr Conway was appointed Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer of Evolution Mining Limited with effect from 1 August 2014
 (previously a Non-Executive Director).

 Mr Conway has more than 28 years’ experience in the resources sector across a diverse range of commercial, financial and
 operational activities. He has held a mix of corporate, operational and commercial roles within Australia, Papua New Guinea and
 Chile with Newcrest and prior to that with BHP Billiton. He most recently held the position of Executive General Manager –
 Commercial and West Africa with Newcrest Mining where he was responsible for Newcrest's group Supply and Logistics,
 Marketing, Information Technology and Laboratory functions as well as Newcrest's business in West Africa.

 Mr Conway is a Non-Executive Director of Aurelia Metals Ltd (appointed in June 2017).


 James (Jim) Askew, BEng (Mining), MEngSc, FAusIMM, MCIMM, MSME (AIME), MAICD, Non-Executive Director

 Mr Askew is a mining engineer with more than 40 years’ broad international experience as a Director and Chief Executive Officer
 for a wide range of Australian and international publicly listed mining, mining finance and other mining related companies.

 Mr Askew has served on the boards of numerous mining and mining services companies, which currently include OceanaGold
 Limited (Chairman since November 2006), a company with operations in the Philippines, USA and New Zealand; Syrah
 Resources Limited (Chairman since October 2014), a company with operations in Mozambique and in the USA; and Endeavour
 Mining Corporation (Non-Executive Director since July 2017), a company with operations in Cote d’Ivoire, Mali and Burkina Faso.

 Mr Askew is a member of the Risk Committee and Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

 Within the last 3 years Mr Askew has been a Non-Executive Director of Nevada Copper Limited and Asian Mineral Resources Ltd.




                                                                   83




                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    83
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Information on Directors (continued)


      Graham Freestone, BEc (Hons), Non-Executive Director

      Mr Freestone has more than 45 years’ experience in the petroleum and natural resources industry. He has a broad finance,
      corporate and commercial background obtained in Australia and internationally through senior finance positions with the Shell
      Group, Acacia Resources Limited and AngloGold Ashanti Limited.

      Mr Freestone was the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of Acacia Resources Limited from 1994 until 2001. From
      2001 to 2009 he was a Non-Executive director of Lion Selection Limited, and from 2009 to 2011 he was a Non-Executive director
      of Catalpa Resources Limited, and Chaired their Audit Committees during that period.

      Mr Freestone is a Non-Executive Director of Kasbah Resources Limited (appointed February 2017) a company with a tin project in
      Morocco, and Chairs its Remuneration and Audit Committees.

      Mr Freestone was Chair of the Audit Committee from 2011 until June 2018 and remains a member of the Audit Committee.
      Subsequent to year end, Mr. Freestone stepped down from the Risk Committee and was appointed as a member of the
      Nomitation and Remuneration Committee.


      Colin (Cobb) Johnstone, BEng (Mining), Lead Independent Director

      Mr Johnstone is a mining engineer with over 30 years' experience in the resources sector. He has served as General Manager at
      some of Australia's largest mines including the Kalgoorlie Super Pit in Western Australia, the Olympic Dam Mine in South Australia
      and the Northparkes Mine in New South Wales. He has extensive international experience including Canada, China, Africa and
      South America.

      Mr Johnstone was Chief Operating Officer at Equinox Minerals Limited, until the acquisition by Barrick Gold Corporation in 2011.
      Prior to that Mr Johnstone was Chief Operating Officer of Sino Gold Mining Limited, where he oversaw the development and
      operation of gold mines in China. Mr Johnstone is Chairman of Aurelia Metals Ltd (since November 2016).

      Mr Johnstone is the Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Risk Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee.

      Mr Johnstone was a former Non-Executive Director of Magnis Resources Ltd; Neometals Ltd (Reed Resources Ltd); and Metallum
      Ltd.


      Thomas (Tommy) McKeith, BSc (Hons), GradDip Eng (Mining), MBA, Non-Executive Director

      Mr McKeith is a geologist with 30 years' experience in various mine geology, exploration and business development roles. He was
      formerly Executive Vice President (Growth and International Projects) for Gold Fields Limited, where he was responsible for global
      greenfields exploration and project development.

      Mr McKeith was also Chief Executive Officer of Troy Resources Limited and has held Non-Executive Director roles at Sino Gold
      Limited, Avoca Resources Limited and is currently the Non-Executive Chairman of Prodigy Gold NL.

      Mr McKeith is the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. Subsequent to year end, Mr. McKeith stepped down
      from the Audit Committee and was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee.


      Andrea Hall, BCom, FCA, M. App Fin, GAICD, Non-Executive Director

      Ms Hall is a Chartered Accountant with more than 30 years’ experience in the financial services industry in roles involved in
      internal audit, risk management, corporate and operational governance, external audit, financial management and strategic
      planning. Prior to retiring from KPMG in 2012, Ms Hall was a Perth-based partner within KPMG’s Risk Consulting Services in
      industries including mining, mining services,transport, healthcare, insurance, property and government.

      Ms Hall is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee at ASX-listed Pioneer Credit Limited and
      Automotive Holdings Group Limited. Ms Hall is also a Non-Executive Director of Insurance Commission of Western Australia and
      the Fremantle Football Club.

      Ms Hall became Chair of the Audit Committee in June 2018 and was a member until this date.




                                                                     84




84    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Company Secretary

  Evan Elstein, BCom (Accounting and Finance), ACA, FGIA, FCIS

  Mr Elstein was appointed as the Company Secretary and Vice President for Information Technology in October 2011 following the
  merger of Conquest Mining Limited and Catalpa Resources Limited. Previously he served as Company Secretary of Conquest
  Mining. He is a Chartered Accountant, Chartered Secretary, and a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand,
  the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators and the Governance Institute of Australia.

  Mr Elstein has over 25 years' experience in senior financial, commercial and technology roles, where his responsibilities have
  included the roll out of IT projects and services, business improvement initiatives and merger and acquisition activities. He has
  held senior positions with IT consulting companies in Australia, and previously served as the Chief Financial Officer and Company
  Secretary of Hartec Limited. Prior to that, Mr Elstein held senior finance and operations positions at Dimension Data in South
  Africa.


Meetings of directors

The numbers of meetings of the Company's Board of Directors and of each Board Committee held during the year ended 30 June
2018, and the numbers of meetings attended by each Director were:

                                                                                      Meetings of committees
                                                    Board                 Audit         Risk Management Nomination and
                                                                                                            Remuneration
                                                A           B         A           B         A        B        A       B
    Jacob (Jake) Klein                          6           6         -           -         -        -        -        -
    Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway                    6           6         -           -         -        -        -        -
    James (Jim) Askew                           6           6         -           -         2        2        3       3
    Graham Freestone                            6           6         4           4         2        2        -        -
    Colin (Cobb) Johnstone                      6           6         4           4         2        2        -        -
    Thomas (Tommy) McKeith                      6           6         4           4         -        -        3       3
    Andrea Hall (i)                             5           5         3           3         -        -        -        -
    Naguib Sawiris (ii)                         -           6         -           -         -        -        -        -
    Sebastien de Montessus (ii)                 3           6         -           -         -        -        1       3
    Vincent Benoit (iii)                        -           -         -           -         -        -        -        -
    Amr El Adawy (iii)                          -           -         -           -         -        -        -        -
    Andrew Wray (iv)                            2           2         -           -         -        -        1       1

A = Number of meetings attended
B = Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the year

(i)       Andrea Hall was appointed into her role on 1 October 2017.
(ii)      Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus resigned from their roles effective 1 August 2018.
(iii)     Vincent Benoit and Amr El Adawy resigned from their roles effective 19 April 2018.
(iv)      Andrew Wray was appointed to his role on 19 April 2018 and resigned on 1 August 2018.




                                                                 85




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   85
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited)

     This Remuneration Report forms part of the Directors' Report for the year ended 30 June 2018. This report contains details of the
     remuneration paid to the Directors and Key Management Personnel ("KMP") and is aligned to the Company's overall remuneration
     strategy and framework. The Company's remuneration philosophy and strategy is designed to ensure that the level and composition
     of remuneration is competitive, reasonable and appropriate for the results delivered and to attract and retain appropriately
     experienced Directors and employees.

     This remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

     (a)        Remuneration Overview
     (b)        Remuneration Governance
     (c)        Remuneration Strategy and Framework
     (d)        Executive Remuneration Outcomes
     (e)        Non-Executive Director Remuneration
     (f)        Other Remuneration Information
     (g)        Summary of Key Terms

     (a) Remuneration Overview

     (i)    Key Management Personnel
     The executive remuneration framework covered in this report includes the Executive Directors (Executive Chairman and Chief
     Financial Officer) and those executives considered to be Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) named below:

       Name                          Position
       Jacob (Jake) Klein            Executive Chairman
       Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway      Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer
       Aaron Colleran                Vice President Business Development & Investor Relations
       Paul Eagle                    Vice President People & Culture
       Evan Elstein                  Company Secretary & Vice President Information Technology
       Bob Fulker (i)                Chief Operating Officer
       Glen Masterman                Vice President Discovery & Chief Geologist
       Mark Le Messurier (ii)        Chief Operating Officer

     (i)        Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018.
     (ii)       Mark Le Messurier resigned from his role effective 1 January 2018.

     (ii)   Key Remuneration Outcomes
     Key remuneration outcomes for the 2018 financial year are summarised in the table below:

       Remuneration              Description
       STIP Outcomes             The average STIP outcome for the KMP was 90.3% of the maximum opportunity based on the
                                 assessment of business and personal measures. This reflects the Company's outstanding operating and
                                 financial performance, and improvement in the upgrading of the asset portfolio during the year.
       LTIP Outcomes             69.3 % of the Performance Rights awarded during the 2016 financial year and tested as at 30 June 2018
                                 vested on 16 August 2018. This reflects the Company's continued strong performance during the three
                                 years to 30 June 2018.
                                 The Performance Rights awarded during the 2015 financial year were tested as at 30 June 2017, with
                                 100% of the Performance Rights meeting their performance measures and were approved by the Board
                                 on 16 August 2017 to vest.
       KMP Remuneration          Five of the KMP received increases to their fixed remuneration during the 2018 financial year.
       NED Remuneration          Non-Executive Directors did not receive any increase to their fees during the year.

     (iii) What has changed in relation to remuneration during the 2018 financial year
     No key changes to the executive remuneration framework have been implemented during the 2018 financial year.




                                                                      86




86     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(a) Remuneration Overview (continued)

(iv) What changes are planned for remuneration in the 2019 financial year
Commencing in the 2019 financial year, the Long Term Incentive Plan is to be extended down one level in the organisation.

(b) Remuneration Governance
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) has an established Nomination and Remuneration Committee, consisting solely of
Non-Executive Directors, with the delegated responsibility to report on and make recommendations to the Board on the:

  •    Appropriateness of the remuneration policies and systems, having regard to whether they are:
         •    Relevant to the Company’s wider objectives and strategies;
         •    Legal and defensible;
         •    In accordance with the human resource objectives of the Company;
  •    Performance of the Executive Directors (on an annual basis) and ensure there is a process for determining key performance
       indicators for the ensuing period; and
  •    Remuneration of the Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Key Management Personnel, in accordance with
       approved Board policies and processes.

(c) Remuneration Strategy and Framework
The executive remuneration framework has been designed to align Executive Directors and KMP objectives with shareholder and
business objectives by offering a remuneration package based on key performance areas affecting the Company's overall
performance. The Board believes the remuneration framework to be strategic, appropriate and effective in its ability to attract and
retain KMP and to operate and manage the Company effectively.

The Group's target remuneration philosophies are:

  •    Total Fixed Remuneration - TFR (being salary, superannuation, plus regular allowances) positioned at the median (50th
       percentile) based on the industry benchmark McDonald report (an industry recognised gold and general mining
       remuneration benchmarking survey covering over 97 organisations within the industry);
  •    Total Annual Remuneration - TAR (TFR plus STI) at target at the 75th percentile for high performers; and
  •    Total Remuneration - TR (TAR plus LTI) at the 75th percentile, with flexibility to provide up to the 90th percentile levels for
       high performers and critical roles.

The overarching objectives and principles of the Group’s remuneration strategy are that:

  •    Total remuneration for each level of the workforce is appropriate and competitive;
  •    Total remuneration comprises a competitive fixed component and a sizeable “at risk” component based on performance
       hurdles;
  •    Short term incentives are appropriate with hurdles that are measurable, transparent and achievable;
  •    Incentive plans are designed to motivate and incentivise for high performance and delivery on organisational objectives;
  •    The corporate long term incentives are focussed on shareholder value; and
  •    The principles and integrity of the remuneration review process deliver fair and equitable outcomes.




                                                                  87




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     87
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

     (c) Remuneration Strategy and Framework (continued)
     The following table outlines the remuneration components for all KMP for the 2018 financial year:

      Component                                   Performance measure                        Strategic objective
      Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR)              Key results areas for the role are          Remuneration is designed to attract,
                                                  determined based on the individual's        motivate and retain key personnel.
                                                  position and key business imperatives.      Considerations include:
                                                                                              • Overall Company business plan
                                                                                              • External market conditions
                                                                                              • Key employee value drivers
                                                                                              • Individual employee performance
                                                                                              • Industry benchmark data
      Short Term Incentive (STI)                  Key Performance indicators are set with a The objective is to motivate employees to
                                                  mix of individual and corporate elements.   achieve key annual targets focussed on
                                                  The relative weighting of which is          safety, operations, cash contribution, and
                                                  dependent on the individual employee job effective cost management, improving the
                                                  banding and position. For the Executive     overall quality of the asset portfolio and
                                                  Chairman, the weighting is 70% corporate driving a high achievement team culture.
                                                  and 30% individual and for the remainder
                                                  of the KMP, 60% corporate and 40%
                                                  individual. For the corporate component
                                                  for FY18, the measures focussed on
                                                  safety, cash contribution, costs and
                                                  strategic imperatives focused on
                                                  delivering the Cowal projects to plan,
                                                  improving the portfolio quality (including
                                                  M&A and divestments; Discovery and
                                                  LOM Plans), delivery of key business
                                                  improvement projects, while making
                                                  tangible progress with the Discovery
                                                  strategy through the identification and
                                                  acquisition of new projects.
      Long Term Incentive (LTI)                   Performance measures agreed with the        The primary objective to deliver industry
                                                  Board have a 3 year time horizon and are leading shareholder returns.
                                                  focussed on enhancing shareholder
                                                  value.




                                                                     88




88    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(c) Remuneration Strategy and Framework (continued)
The target achievement remuneration ratio mix for Executive Directors and KMP for the 2018 financial year and prior financial year
is as follows:




(d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes
(i)   Financial Performance
The Group has demonstrated strong performance over the past five years. The following table breaks down the key performance
indicators for the Group over this time frame:

                                                                       2018           2017           2016          2015            2014
 Statutory profit/(loss) for the year ($'000)                       263,388        217,607        (24,349)       100,115         50,017
 Underlying profit for the year after income tax ($'000) (i)        250,762        206,588        134,496        106,050         50,017
 EBITDA ($'000)                                                     795,083        713,855        607,551        272,656        207,556
 Basic earnings per share (cents)                                     15.57          13.28          (1.75)         13.71           7.06
 Dividends declared (cents per share)                                    7.5            5.0            3.0           2.0            2.0
 Share price ($) at 30 June closing                                    3.51            2.41           2.33          1.15           0.70

(i)       Refer to the Profit Overview section in the Operating and Financial Review for a reconciliation of the underlying profit for
          the year.




                                                                   89




                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     89
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

     (d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

     (ii)   STIP
       Component        Performance measure
       Participation    The Overall Group STIP applies to site based employees at the level of Manager and all Group office
                        employees.
       Composition      The Group STIP is a cash bonus, up to a maximum percentage of TFR, based on the employee job
                        band.
       Performance      It is assessed and paid annually conditional upon the achievement of key company objectives and
       conditions       individual KPIs. For the 2018 financial year, the company objectives were focussed in the areas of
                        safety, group cash contribution, production, costs and a strategic imperative element.
       Award parameters The Group STIP is currently set at between 10% and 60% of TFR for Target achievement, with a
                        maximum of 20%-90% of TFR for Stretch achievement, depending on the employee job band. Details
                        of the Group STIP paid to the Directors and KMP are shown in the Remuneration Table in section
                        d(iv). The Group's performance against the STI Scorecard for FY18 is as follows:

                           STIP                                                      Target       STIP         Result       Award
                           Scorecard                                                (100%)    Weighting

                           HSE             SSO Frequency Rate (SSOFR)                  4.2          20%           3.2          30%
                                           Environmental Critical Controls            90%           10%          80%            5%
                                           Compliance - top 3 Hazards (%)
                           Profitability   Group Cash Contribution ($                  270          20%           386          30%
                                           million)
                                           Group All In Costs ($/oz sold)               1,140          20%           1,045      30%
                           Strategic       Discretionary                               100%            30%           135%      40.5%
                           Imperatives
                           Total                                                                      100%                    135.5%
       FY18 STIP           At the time of setting the FY18 STIP measures, the Board determined it would consider the following
       considerations      factors when awarding the score for the strategic imperatives measure:
                           • Delivery to plan of the Cowal projects
                           • Improvement in the portfolio quality (covering M&A, divestments, Discovery and LOM Plans)
                           • Delivery of the key business improvement projects; and
                           • Advancement in the discovery area:
                           - Identification and acquisition of at least one new advanced project
                           - Generate or acquire at least 3 new exploration projects at drill test or target definition stage
       Award outcome       The Board approved a discretionary score of 135.0% for the following reasons:
       for the year        • The Float Tails Leach project progressed to plan with commissioning ready for H1 FY19. The
                           establishment activities for Stage H were completed ahead of schedule and under budget. The mining
                           of Stage H finished ahead of the accelerated development plan and costs remain on budget. The
                           steering committee reviews were undertaken every month with dashboard tracking of all projects at
                           Cowal in place. The project team established at Cowal is highly skilled and establishing good
                           standards for project execution.
                           • The sale of Edna May was successfully completed. Evolution demonstrated it is a good seller, not
                           only in terms of portfolio management, but in how we dealt with the Edna May workforce and
                           transitioned service and processes to the new owner.
                           • Discovery program gained good momentum throughout FY18, with 3 new early stage exploration
                           projects added to the portfolio, including the acquisition of the Connors Arc project and 10 prospects
                           across the Company’s operations were advanced to the next stage of exploration.
                           • Life of Mines have improved with focus being applied towards further improvements in FY19.
                           • During FY18, $28.3 million of value beyond budget was achieved with all operations contributing to
                           the result through improvements in productivity and commercial contract terms and efficiency gains.




                                                                     90




90     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

(ii)   STIP (continued)
 Component                Performance measure
                          2018                            Total STIP Granted     % of Maximum        % of Maximum
                                                          ($)                    Entitlement Granted Entitlement Forfeited

                          Directors
                          Jacob Klein                                  657,000                  90.8%                    9.2%
                          Lawrie Conway                                480,000                  88.9%                   11.1%
                          Key Management Personnel
                          Aaron Colleran                               375,000                  89.7%                   10.3%
                          Paul Eagle                                   300,000                  87.8%                   12.2%
                          Evan Elstein                                 310,000                  85.1%                   14.9%
                          Bob Fulker (i)                               170,000                  86.3%                   13.7%
                          Glen Masterman                               350,000                  91.5%                    8.5%
                          Mark Le Messurier (ii)                       150,000                  74.2%                   25.8%

(i)        Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018. His STIP is pro-rated for his period of employment.
(ii)       Mark Le Messurier resigned from his role effective 1 January 2018. His STIP is pro-rated for his period of employment.

(iii) LTIP
 Component                Performance measure
 Participation            The Group LTIP applies to employees at the level of Manager and above across the Group.
 Performance              Up to 3 years.
 period
 Composition              The Company has one long term incentive plan currently in operation, the Employee Share Option and
                          Performance Rights Plan (“ESOP”). The Employees and Contractors Plan (ECOP) and the Option
                          component of the ESOP are now effectively dormant with no new options to be issued under these
                          plans. All remaining Options either expired or were exercised during the previous financial year.

                  The ESOP (approved by shareholders on 23 November 2010, 26 November 2014 and 23 November
                  2017) provides for the issuance of Performance Rights to Executive Directors and eligible employees.
                  This LTIP was introduced for employees at the level of Manager and above, effective from 1 July 2011
                  and provides equity based “at risk” remuneration, up to maximum percentages, based on, and in
                  addition to, each eligible employee’s TFR. These incentives are aimed at retaining and incentivising
                  KMP and senior managers on a basis that is aligned with shareholder interests, and are provided via
                  Performance Rights.
 Performance      The Performance Rights are issued for a specified period and each Performance Right is convertible
 conditions       into one ordinary share. All Performance Rights expire on the earlier of their expiry date or termination
                  of the employee’s employment subject to Director discretion. Performance Rights do not vest until a
                  specified period after granting and their exercise is conditional on the achievement of certain
                  performance hurdles that are aligned with shareholder interests. There are no voting or dividend rights
                  attached to the Performance Rights. Voting rights will attach to the ordinary shares when the
                  Performance Rights vest. Unvested Performance Rights cannot be transferred and will not be quoted
                  on the ASX.
 Award parameters Further details on each of the performance conditions laid out below are detailed in Section f(i) - 'Other
                  Remuneration Information'.




                                                                  91




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   91
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

     (d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

     (iii) LTIP (continued)
      Component               Performance Measure
                              Performance Target         Description                                                       Weighting for each
                                                                                                                           year from FY15
                                                                                                                           grants

                              (i)     TSR Performance The Group’s relative total shareholder return (TSR)                                   25%
                                                      measured against the TSR for a peer Company of 20
                                                      comparator gold mining companies (Peer Group)

                              (ii)    Absolute TSR       The Group’s absolute TSR return                                                    25%
                                      performance

                              (iii)   Growth in          Growth in the Group’s Earnings per share                                           25%
                                      Earnings per
                                      share

                              (iv)    Increase in ore    Increasing the ore reserves per share over a 3 year period                         25%
                                      reserves per
                                      share

      FY18 LTIP               Each year an assessment is made by the Directors against performance hurdles and guidelines
      considerations          established by the Board. In exercising their discretion under the rules, the Directors will take into
                              account matters such as the position of the eligible person, the role they play in the Group, the nature
                              or terms of their employment or contract and the contribution they make to the Group as a whole.
      ECOP Options            At 30 June 2018 there were no Options outstanding (FY17: nil)
                                                                                                                  2018                       2017
                                                                                                              Number                    Number
                              Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                                        -                    52,954
                              Issued during the period                                                                -                         -
                              Exercised during the period                                                             -                         -
                              Expired during the period                                                               -                  (52,954)
                              Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                              -                         -
      ESOP Options            At 30 June 2018 there were no Options outstanding (FY17: nil)
                                                                                                                  2018                       2017
                                                                                                              Number                    Number
                              Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                                        -                5,150,390
                              Issued during the period                                                                -                         -
                              Exercised during the period                                                             -              (4,178,661)
                              Expired during the period                                                               -                (971,729)
                              Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                              -                         -
      Award outcome           Outcomes for the FY15 award which vested during the year are set out as follows:
      for the year -
      ESOP
      Performance
      Rights
                              Performance Target                                 Measure                     FY15 Outcome         % Vested

                              (i)     TSR Performance                            Percentile                         5th              25%

                              (ii)    Absolute TSR performance                   Compound annual return            53%               25%

                              (iii)   Growth in Earnings per share               Compound annual return            20%               25%

                              (iv)    Increase in ore reserves per share         Percentage increase              128%               25%




                                                                           92




92    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

(iii) LTIP (continued)
 Component               Performance Measure
                         Outcomes for the FY16 award which will vest in August 2018 are set out as follows:

                         Performance Target                                Measure                   FY16 Outcome         % Vested

                         (i)     TSR Performance                           Percentile                     20th                19%

                         (ii)    Absolute TSR performance                  Compound annual return         42%                 25%

                         (iii)   Growth in Earnings per share              Compound annual return          2%                  0%

                         (iv)    Increase in ore reserves per share        Percentage increase            136%                25%


                         The movement in Performance Rights under this plan is in the table below:
                                                                                                         2018                       2017
                                                                                                      Number                    Number
                         Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                           26,278,566                29,429,811
                         Performance Rights granted (withdrawn) during the period
                         pursuant to Retention Agreement*                                                     -               (3,750,000)
                         Performance Rights granted during the period pursuant to
                         Transition Incentive Plan*                                                          -                  3,375,000
                         Performance rights granted during the period                                6,586,571                  6,797,540
                         Vested during the period                                                  (9,214,401)                (7,961,146)
                         Lapsed during the period                                                            -                          -
                         Forfeited during the period                                               (2,708,126)                (1,612,639)
                         Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                20,942,610                 26,278,566

                         *The 3,750,000 Performance Rights granted in December 2015 to Mr. Jake Klein were withdrawn
                         pursuant to a Transition Incentive Plan (TIP) under the Retention Agreement which the Company has
                         entered into with Mr. Klein. Under the Plan the Company granted 3,375,000 Performance Rights to Mr.
                         Klein subject to the satisfaction of Vesting Conditions to be tested as at 16 December 2019 and were
                         approved by shareholders at the shareholder meeting held on 21 June 2017.

                         The table below reflects the Performance Rights granted, vested, or lapsed in each financial year:

                                                             FY14           FY15        FY16          FY17         FY18     Running
                                                                                                                            Balance
                         Granted                       10,498,408      10,804,370    8,141,368   6,797,540     6,586,571 42,828,257
                         Granted - TIP                           -               -           -   3,375,000             -   3,375,000
                         Vested                        (7,961,147)     (9,214,401)           -           -             - (17,175,548)
                         Lapsed                                  -               -           -           -             -            -
                         Forfeited                     (2,537,261)     (1,589,969) (2,279,972) (1,022,779)     (655,118) (8,085,099)
                         Subject to vesting                      -               -   5,861,396   9,149,761     5,931,453 20,942,610
                         Testing date                     30/06/16        30/06/17    30/06/18    30/06/19    30/06/2020            -
                         Testing date - TIP                      -               -           -    16/12/19             -            -
                         Vesting (%)                         100%            100%       69.3%            -             -            -




                                                                      93




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018        93
     94


                                              Directors' Report

                                              Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

                                              (d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

                                              (iv) Remuneration summary table
                                                                                        Total Fixed              Post-Employment                     STI                      LTI
                                                                                        Remuneration             Benefits
                                                                                Base Salary and Fees          Superannuation           Bonus                   Amortised Value (i)       Other Benefits (ii)            Total
                                                                                   2018         2017        2018         2017        2018           2017        2018        2017        2018          2017       2018           2017
                                               Directors
                                               Jacob Klein                    1,083,752     984,184       20,048       19,616      657,000      610,000     2,883,090   1,218,472           -              -   4,643,890    2,832,272
                                               Lawrie Conway                    714,952     665,384       20,048       19,616      480,000      475,000       259,061     301,828           -              -   1,474,061    1,461,828
                                               James Askew                      115,000     113,750            -            -            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    152,633      132,440
                                               Graham Freestone                 118,721     115,867       11,279       11,007            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    167,633      145,564
                                               Andrea Hall (iii)                 71,918           -        6,832            -            -            -        25,031            -          -              -    103,781         -
Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018




                                               Colin Johnstone                  135,000     133,125            -            -            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    172,633      151,815
                                               Thomas McKeith                   109,589     107,877       10,411       10,248            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    157,633      137,787
                                               Naguib Sawiris (iv)               95,000      95,000            -            -            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    132,633      113,690
                                               Sebastien de Montessus (iv)      105,000     104,375            -            -            -            -        37,633      18,690           -              -    142,633      123,065
                                               Key Management Personnel
                                               Aaron Colleran                   444,952      409,368      20,048       19,616      375,000       391,500      243,688     337,130          -               -   1,083,688    1,157,614
                                               Paul Eagle                       359,952      335,384      20,048       19,616      300,000       265,000      201,628     212,628          -               -    881,628       832,628
                                               Evan Elstein                     384,952      373,718      20,048       19,616      310,000       300,000      217,642     285,293          -               -    932,642       978,627
                                               Bob Fulker (v)                   195,668             -     10,024            -      170,000              -      57,554            -   173,395               -    606,641          -
                                               Glen Masterman (vi)              404,952      362,435      20,048       17,980      350,000       300,000      307,301     107,809          -               -   1,082,301      788,224
                                               Mark Le Messurier (vii)          214,976      430,384      10,024       19,616      150,000       335,000      226,102     364,530    368,352               -    969,454      1,149,530
                                                                              4,554,384    4,230,851     168,858      156,931    2,792,000     2,676,500    4,646,895   2,939,830    541,747               -   12,703,884   10,004,112

                                              (i)      Amortised value of share based rights comprises the fair value of options and performance rights expensed during the year for KMP, and retention rights for NED.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors' Report (continued)


                                              (ii)     Other benefits include relocation costs and a sign on bonus for Bob Fulker and termination benefits for Mark Le Messurier.
                                              (iii)    Andrea Hall was appointed into her role on 1 October 2017.
                                              (iv)     Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus resigned from their roles effective 1 August 2018.
                                              (v)      Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018.
                                              (vi)     Glen Masterman was appointed into his role on 1 August 2016.
                                              (vii)    Mark Le Messurier resigned from his role effective 1 January 2018.




                                                                                                                                      94
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(d) Executive Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

(v) Executive service agreements
Remuneration and other key terms of employment for the Executive Directors and KMP are formalised in the Executive Services
Agreements table below:

 Name                          Term of        Total Fixed                Notice Period by Notice period by        Termination
                               agreement and  Remuneration               Executive        Evolution               payments (i)
                               notice period
 Existing Executive Directors and Key Management Personnel
                                              803,800                                                             12 month
 Jacob Klein
                               Open           300,000 fixed              6 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 Executive Chairman
                                              Director's Fees                                                     Remuneration
 Aaron Colleran
                                                                                                                  6 months
 Vice President Business
                               Open           475,000                    3 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 Development and Investor
                                                                                                                  Remuneration
 Relations
 Lawrie Conway                                610,000                                                             6 months
 Finance Director and Chief    Open           135,000 fixed              3 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 Financial Officer                            Director's Fees                                                     Remuneration
 Paul Eagle                                                                                                       6 months
 Vice President People and     Open           395,000                    3 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 Culture                                                                                                          Remuneration
 Evan Elstein
                                                                                                                  6 months
 Company Secretary and Vice
                               Open           412,500                    3 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 President Information
                                                                                                                  Remuneration
 Technology
                                                                                                                  6 months
 Bob Fulker (ii)
                                 Open                525,000             3 months            6 months             Total Fixed
 Chief Operating Officer
                                                                                                                  Remuneration
 Glen Masterman                                                                                                   6 months
 Vice President Discovery and                                                                                     Total Fixed
 Chief Geologist                 Open                440,000             3 months            6 months             Remuneration

(i)      For a change of control event, the termination payment is 12 months TFR for Executive Directors and KMP.
(ii)     Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018.

Fixed salary, inclusive of the required superannuation contribution amount, is reviewed annually by the Board following the end of
the financial year. The amounts set out above are the Executive Directors and KMP total fixed remuneration as at the date of this
report.

(e) Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes
The Board policy is to remunerate Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) at market rates for comparable companies for time, commitment
and responsibilities. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee determines Non-Executive Directors fees and reviews this
annually, based on market practice, their duties and areas of responsibility. Independent external advice is sought when required.
The maximum aggregate amount of fees that can be paid to Non-Executive Directors is subject to approval by shareholders
(currently $950,000 per annum). Fees for Non-Executive Directors are not linked to the performance of the Group and they currently
do not participate in the Group’s STIP or LTIP.

Under the NED Equity Plan, NEDs will be granted Share Rights as part of their remuneration. The number of Share Rights granted
will be calculated in accordance with the following formula:

                                  “Equity Amount” ($) for the financial year/Value per Share Right




                                                                 95




                                                                                       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   95
     Directors' Report (continued)
     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

     (e) Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes (continued)
     Where:

     •      “Equity Amount” is an amount determined by the Board, having regard to level of board and committee fees paid in cash and
            independent advice received. For 2018, the Equity Amount is $40,000 for each NED.

     •      The Value per Share Right = the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Evolution’s ordinary shares traded on the ASX over
            the 5 trading day period up to and including 30 June each year. For FY2018, the VWAP used to determine the number of share
            rights granted to each NED was $2.3957.

     Providing the NED remains a director of Evolution, Share Rights will vest and automatically exercise 12 months after the grant date.
     The Share Rights granted to NEDs under the NED Equity Plan are not subject to performance conditions or service requirements
     which could result in potential forfeiture. Vested Share Rights will convert into ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. Vested Share
     Rights will be satisfied by either issuing shares or arranging for shares to be acquired on-market, subject to the Evolution Securities
     Trading Policy and the inside information provisions of the Corporations Act.

     Upon the transfer to the relevant NED, the shares will be subject to disposal restrictions (Disposal Conditions) under the earlier of:

     •      the NED ceasing to be a director of Evolution; or

     •      3 years from the date of grant of the share rights or such longer period nominated by the NED at the time of the offer (up to a
            maximum 15 years from the date of grant).

     Generally, Share Rights will lapse if a Participant ceases to be a Director of the Company.

     Broken out in the table below is a summary of the fee structure by individual as at 30 June 2018. For remuneration outcomes please
     refer to table in section d (iv). Note that a change in Board Sub-Committee fees was implemented during the year.

                                                                    Cash Component ($)                         Equity ($)
                                  Base Fees    Lead        Sub-Committee Sub-Committee         Total Cash     NED Equity       Total per
                                               Independent Chairman      Member                Fees           Plan Shares      annum ($)
         Directors
         James Askew                 95,000              -               -         20,000         115,000         40,000         155,000
         Graham Freestone            95,000              -          25,000         10,000         130,000         40,000         170,000
         Andrea Hall (i)             71,250              -               -          7,500          78,750         40,000         118,750
         Colin Johnstone             95,000         15,000          15,000         10,000         135,000         40,000         175,000
         Thomas McKeith              95,000              -          15,000         10,000         120,000         40,000         160,000
         Naguib Sawiris (ii)         95,000              -               -              -          95,000         40,000         135,000
         Sebastien de                95,000              -               -         10,000         105,000         40,000         145,000
         Montessus (ii)
                                   641,250          15,000          55,000         67,500         778,750        280,000       1,058,750

     (i)         Andrea Hall was appointed into her role on 1 October 2017.
     (ii)        Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus resigned from their roles effective 1 August 2018.




                                                                         96




96       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(f)   Other Remuneration Information

(i)   LTIP performance parameters
 Component            Assessment
 TSR Performance      The Group's TSR will be based on the percentage by which its 30-day volume weighted average share
                      price quoted on ASX (“VWAP”) at the close of trade on the Relevant Date (plus the value of any
                      dividends paid during the performance period) has increased over the Group’s applicable 30-day
                      VWAP at the close of trade, relating to the grant of Performance Rights for that period.
                      Level of                Evolution TSR performance as            % of TSR Performance Rights
                      performance             compared to the Peer Group TSR          vesting
                      achieved

                      Threshold               Top 50th percentile                     33%
                                              Above the top 50th percentile and       Straight-line pro-rata between 33%
                                              below the top 25th percentile           and 66%
                      Target                  Top 25th percentile                     66%
                                              Above the top 25th percentile and        Straight-line pro-rata between 66%
                                              below the top 10th percentile            and 100%
                      Exceptional             Top 10th percentile or above             100%
 Absolute TSR         Performance rights will be will be tested against the Group’s Absolute TSR performance relative to the
 performance          30 days VWAP (Absolute TSR Performance Rights) as at 30 June 2018, 30 June 2019 and 30 June
                      2020 respectively, measured as the cumulative annual TSR over the three year performance period.
                      Level of                Evolution Absolute TSR                   % of Absolute TSR Performance
                      performance             performance                              Rights vesting
                      achieved

                      Threshold               10% Per Annum Return                    33%
                                              Above 10% Per Annum Return and          Straight-line pro-rata between 33%
                                              below 15% Per Annum Return              and 66%
                      Target                  15% Return Per Annum                    66%
                                           Above 15% Per Annum Return and          Straight-line pro-rata between 66%
                                           below 20% Per Annum Return              and 100%
                    Exceptional            Above 20% Per Annum Return              100%
 Growth in          A proportion of Performance Rights granted during the years ended 30 June 2016, 30 June 2017 and
 earnings per share 30 June 2018 and those to be granted during the year ended 30 June 2019, will be tested against the
                    Group’s growth in Earnings Per Share, calculated by excluding any Non-Recurring Items, and
                    measured as the cumulative annual growth rate over the three year performance period.
                    Level of               Evolution Earnings per share            % of Earnings Per Share
                    performance            performance                             Performance Rights vesting
                    achieved

                      Threshold               7% Per Annum Growth in EPS              33%
                                              Above 7% Per Annum Growth in EPS        Straight-line pro-rata between 33%
                                              and below 11% Per Annum Growth in       and 66%
                                              EPS
                      Target                  11% Per Annum Growth in EPS             66%
                                              Above 11% Per Annum Growth in           Straight-line pro-rata between 66%
                                              EPS and below 15% Per Annum             and 100%
                                              Growth in EPS
                      Exceptional             Above 15% Per Annum Growth in           100%
                                              EPS




                                                                97




                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   97
     Directors' Report (continued)


     Directors' Report

     Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

     (f)   Other Remuneration Information (continued)

     (i)   LTIP performance parameters (continued)
      Component          Assessment
      Increase in ore    A proportion of Performance Rights will be tested against the Group’s ability to grow its Ore Reserves,
      reserves per share calculated by measuring the growth over the three year performance period by comparing the baseline
                         measure of the Ore Reserves as at 31 December (“Baseline Ore Reserves”) to the Ore Reserves as at
                         31 December three years later on a per share basis, with testing to be performed at 30 June 2018, 30
                         June 2019 and 30 June 2020.
                         Level of               Evolution Growth in Ore Reserves % of Growth in Ore Reserves
                         performance            per share performance                    Performance Rights vesting
                         achieved

                           Threshold                 90% of Baseline Ore Reserves         33%
                                                     Above 90% of Baseline Ore Reserves Straight-line pro-rata between 33%
                                                     but below 100% Baseline Ore        and 66%
                                                     Reserves
                           Target                    100% Baseline Ore Reserves         66%
                                                     Above 100% of Baseline Ore          Straight-line pro-rata between 66%
                                                     Reserves and below 120% of Baseline and 100%
                                                     Ore Reserves
                           Exceptional               120% and above of Baseline Ore      100%
                                                     Reserves




                                                                     98



98     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(f)     Other Remuneration Information (continued)

(ii)    Director and key management personnel equity holdings


                                 Balance at the Received during Received during           Other changes     Balance at the
                                 start of the year the year on   the year on                                end of the year
                                                   conversion of exercise of
                                                   performance   options
                                                   rights
 Directors
 Jacob Klein                           10,470,058         2,229,965                   -                 -        12,700,023
 Lawrie Conway                            156,923           536,347                   -                 -           693,270
 James Askew                              757,289            16,298                   -                 -           773,587
 Graham Freestone                         114,207            16,298                   -                 -           130,505
 Andrea Hall (i)                                -                 -                   -                 -                 -
 Colin Johnstone                          108,969            16,298                   -                 -           125,267
 Thomas McKeith                           156,923            16,298                   -                 -           173,220
 Naguib Sawiris (ii) (iii)                      -            16,298                   -                 -            16,298
 Sebastien de Montessus (iii)                   -            16,298                   -                 -            16,298
 Amr El Adawy (iv)                         11,333                 -                   -          (11,333)                 -
 Key Management Personnel
 Aaron Colleran                           667,836                 -                   -         (637,836)            30,000
 Paul Eagle                               280,842                 -                   -         (113,842)           167,000
 Evan Elstein                             449,095           411,200                   -         (290,295)           570,000
 Bob Fulker (v)                                 -                 -                   -                 -                 -
 Mark Le Messurier (vi)                   937,933           536,347                   -         (121,538)         1,352,742
 Glen Masterman                                 -                 -                   -                 -                 -
                                       14,111,408         3,811,647                   -       (1,174,844)        16,748,210

(i)         Andrea Hall was appointed into her role on 1 October 2017.
(ii)        At 30 June 2018, La Mancha had a relevant interest in 253,891,807 Evolution shares, representing approximately 15% of
            Evolution’s issued capital. Subsequent to the year end, it was announced that La Mancha had undertaken a block trade
            monetisation of shares, reducing its direct interest in Evolution to 9.6%.
(iii)       Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus resigned from their roles effective 1 August 2018.
(iv)        Amr El Adawy resigned as Alternate Non-Executive Director on 19 April 2018.
(v)         Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018.
(vi)        Mark Le Messurier resigned from his role effective 1 January 2018.




                                                                 99




                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   99
      Directors' Report (continued)
      Directors' Report

      Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

      (f)     Other Remuneration Information (continued)

      (ii)    Director and key management personnel equity holdings (continued)
      Performance and Share Rights

                                                                                                          At end of the year
                                        Balance Granted as Converted              Lapsed Other   Balance at Vested and       Unvested
                                        at the   compen-                                 changes the end of exercisable
                                        start of sation                                          the year
                                        the year
       Directors
       Jacob Klein                  7,778,641          692,165 (2,229,965)      (428,590)         -    5,812,251       968,607   4,843,644
       Lawrie Conway                1,177,637          369,050 (536,347)        (102,832)         -      907,508       232,400     675,108
       James Askew                     16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Graham Freestone                16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Andrea Hall (i)                      -           16,697           -              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Colin Johnstone                 16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Thomas McKeith                  16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Naguib Sawiris (ii)             16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Sebastien de Montessus (ii)     16,298           16,697    (16,298)              -         -       16,697             -      16,697
       Key Management Personnel
       Aaron Colleran               1,089,289          286,014          -        (95,280)         -    1,280,023       538,807     741,216
       Paul Eagle                     665,043          233,732          -        (52,559)         -      846,216       373,050     473,166
       Evan Elstein                   938,252          249,109 (411,200)         (84,551)         -      691,610       191,084     500,526
       Bob Fulker (iii)                     -          322,919          -               -         -      322,919             -     322,919
       Mark Le Messurier (iv)       1,177,637          276,787 (536,347)        (102,832)         -      815,245       232,400     582,845
       Glen Masterman                 276,080          261,410          -               -         -      537,490             -     537,490
                                   13,200,367        2,808,065 (3,811,647)      (866,644)         -   11,330,141     2,536,348   8,793,793

      (i)         Andrea Hall was appointed into her role on 1 October 2017.
      (ii)        Naguib Sawiris and Sebastien de Montessus resigned from their roles effective 1 August 2018.
      (iii)       Bob Fulker was appointed into his role on 12 February 2018.
      (iv)        Mark Le Messurier resigned from his role effective 1 January 2018.

      (g) Summary of Key Terms
      Below is a list of key terms with definitions used within the Director’s Report:

       Key Term                              Definition

       The Board of Directors (“the          The Board of Directors, the list of persons under the relevant section above.
       Board” or “the Directors”)

       Key Management Personnel              Senior executives have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
       ("KMP")                               controlling the activities of the Company and are members of the senior leadership team.
                                             KMP for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 are listed above.

       Total Fixed Remuneration              Total Fixed Remuneration comprises a base salary plus superannuation. This is currently
       ("TFR")                               positioned at the median (50th percentile) of the industry benchmarking report.

       Short Term Incentive ("STI")          STI is the short-term incentive component of Total Remuneration. The STI usually
       and Short Term Incentive Plan         comprises a cash payment that is only received by the employee if specified annual
       (“STIP”)                              goals are achieved. STIP refers to the plan under which the incentives are granted and
                                             paid.




                                                                         100




100     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(g) Summary of Key Terms (continued)

 Key Term                           Definition

 Long Term Incentive ("LTI") and LTI is the long-term incentive component of Total Remuneration. The LTI comprises of
 Long term Incentive Plan        Performance Rights, usually with a three year vesting period that are subject to specified
 (“LTIP”)                        vesting conditions established by the Board. Further details of the vesting conditions
                                 associated with the performance rights are detailed in the Vesting Conditions of
                                 Performance Rights section. Performance Rights cannot be exercised unless the vesting
                                 conditions have been satisfied. LTIP refers to the plan under which LTIs are granted and
                                 is aimed at retaining and incentivising KMP and senior managers to achieve business
                                 objectives that are aligned with shareholder interests, and are currently provided via
                                 Performance Rights.

 Total Annual Remuneration          Total Fixed Remuneration plus STI.

 Total Remuneration                 Total Fixed Remuneration plus STI and LTI.

 Superannuation Guarantee           This is the employer contribution to an employee nominated superannuation fund
 Charge ("SGC")                     required by law. The percentage contribution was set at 9.5% in the reporting period and
                                    is capped in line with the SGC maximum quarterly payment.

 Employees and Contractors          The plan permits the Company, at the discretion of the Directors, to grant Options over
 Option Plan ("ECOP")               unissued ordinary shares of the Company to eligible Directors, members of staff and
                                    contractors as specified in the plan rules. The plan is currently dormant and no further
                                    Options will be issued under this plan.

 Employee Share Option and          The plan permits the Company, at the discretion of the Directors, to grant both Options
 Performance Rights Plan            and Performance Rights over unissued ordinary shares of the Company to eligible
 ("ESOP")                           Directors and members of staff as specified in the plan rules.

 NED Equity Plan                    The plan permits the Company, at the discretion of the Board and Remuneration
                                    Committee to issue remuneration to Non-Executive Directors through Share Rights.

 Total Shareholder Return           TSR is the total return on an ordinary share to an investor arising from growth in the
 ("TSR")                            share price plus any dividends received.

 Key Performance Indicators         A form of performance measurement for individual performance against a pre-defined set
 ("KPIs")                           of goals.

 Volume Weighted Average            A 30 day volume weighted average share price quote on the Australian Stock Exchange
 Share Price (“VWAP”)               (ASX). The VWAP is to be used when assessing Company performance for TSR.

 Fees                               Fees paid to Executive and Non-Executive Directors for services as a Director, including
                                    sub-committee fees as applicable.




                                                               101




                                                                                       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   101
      Directors' Report (continued)
      Directors' Report

      Indemnification of officers and auditors

      During the financial year the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors of the Company, the company
      secretaries and all executive officers of the Company and of any related body corporate against a liability incurred as such a
      Director, secretary or executive officer to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits
      disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.

      The Company has entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access with each Director. In Summary the Deed provides for:

        •    Access to corporate records for each Director for a period after ceasing to hold office in the Company;
        •    The provision of Directors and Officers Liability Insurance; and
        •    Indemnity for legal costs incurred by Directors in carrying out the business affairs of the Company.

      Except for the above the Company has not otherwise, during or since the financial year, except to the amount permitted by law,
      indemnified or agreed to indemnify an officer or auditor of the Company or of any related body corporate against a liability incurred
      as such an officer or auditor.

      Proceedings on behalf of the company
      No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the
      Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party, for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of
      the Company for all or part of those proceedings.

      No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
      Corporations Act 2001.

      Non-audit services
      The Company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor's
      expertise and experience with the Company and/or the Group are important.

      Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for non-audit services provided during the year are
      set out below. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit services provided during the year are set out in note
      25(a).

      The board of Directors has considered the position and, in accordance with advice received from the audit committee, is satisfied
      that the provision of the non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
      Corporations Act 2001. The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor, as set out below, did not
      compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

        •    all non-audit services have been reviewed by the audit committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and
             objectivity of the auditor
        •    none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of
             Ethics for Professional Accountants.




                                                                        102




102    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report

Non-audit services (continued)

During the year the following fees were paid or payable for non-audit services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related
practices and non-related audit firms:

                                                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                                                                   $                  $

Other assurance services
PricewaterhouseCoopers firm:
    Assurance related services                                                                                      -          140,413
Non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms
    Internal audit services                                                                                 168,971            114,348
    Other assurance services                                                                                259,965             20,000
Total remuneration for other assurance services                                                             428,936            274,761
SPACE
Taxation services
PricewaterhouseCoopers firm:
    Tax compliance services                                                                                        -            89,391
    Tax advisory services                                                                                      8,670           402,939
Non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms
    Tax compliance services                                                                                 397,215            111,861
    Tax advisory services                                                                                   254,242            291,424
Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                    660,127            895,615
SPACE
SPACE
Total remuneration for non-audit services                                                                  1,089,063         1,170,376


Auditor's independence declaration
A copy of the auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on page
104.

Rounding of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued
by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the 'rounding off' of amounts in the Directors' Report. Amounts
in the Directors' Report have been rounded off in accordance with that ASIC Corporations Instrument to the nearest thousand
dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




Jacob (Jake) Klein                                                   Andrea Hall
Executive Chairman                                                   Chair of the Audit Committee

Sydney




                                                                    103




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       103
      Auditor’s Independence Declaration

      Auditor’s Independence Declaration
      As lead auditor for the audit of Evolution Mining Limited for the year ended 30 June 2018, I declare
      that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

      (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
             relation to the audit; and
      (b)    no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
      This declaration is in respect of Evolution Mining Limited and the entities it controlled during the
      period.




      Marc Upcroft                                                                                    Sydney
      Partner                                                                                  17 August 2018
      PricewaterhouseCoopers




      PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
      One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
      T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
      Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
      T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

      Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




104    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Consolidated Statement
Consolidated           of Profit
               Statement         or Loss
                           of Profit  orand
                                         Loss
Other Comprehensive Income
and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                      30 June          30 June
                                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                       Notes             $'000            $'000

Sales revenue                                                                            2          1,540,433        1,479,876
Cost of sales                                                                            2         (1,140,472)      (1,151,344)
Gross Profit                                                                                          399,961          328,532

Interest income                                                                                        3,332            1,519
Other income                                                                                             651              776
Share based payments expense                                                            24            (8,491)          (6,413)
Corporate and other administration costs                                                 2           (27,193)         (28,728)
Transaction and integration costs                                                        2               866           (6,987)
Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                 -           (3,576)
Exploration and evaluation costs expensed                                                             (5,414)         (12,645)
Finance costs                                                                            2           (24,778)         (35,194)
Profit before income tax expense                                                                     338,934          237,284


Income tax expense                                                                       3           (75,546)         (19,677)
Profit after income tax expense attributable to Owners of Evolution Mining Limited                   263,388          217,607

Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets                   11(b)           (1,925)             1,699
    Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                      11(b)                -                127
    Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                          11(b)               46                (47)
Blank
Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                 (1,879)             1,779


Total comprehensive income                                                                           261,509          219,386


Total comprehensive income for the period is attributable to:
    Owners of Evolution Mining Limited                                                               261,509          219,386
                                                                                                     261,509          219,386

                                                                                                        Cents              Cents

Earnings per share for profit attributable to Owners of Evolution Mining Limited:
Basic earnings per share                                                                 4              15.57              13.28
Diluted earnings per share                                                               4              15.51              13.23




The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
                                                                  105




                                                                                    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     105
      Consolidated Balance Sheet
      Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                          30 June      30 June
                                                                                                             2018         2017
                                                                                           Notes             $'000        $'000

      ASSETS
      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                              9           323,226       37,385
      Trade and other receivables                                                           12            71,296       63,119
      Inventories                                                                           14           264,221      276,869
      Total current assets                                                                               658,743      377,373
      Non-current assets
      Inventories                                                                           14             38,459          827
      Available-for-sale financial assets                                                                   5,536        4,962
      Property, plant and equipment                                                          7            571,775      741,189
      Mine development and exploration                                                       8          1,743,752    1,801,479
      Deferred tax assets                                                                   17                419       16,448
      Other non-current assets                                                              15             37,632        3,191
      Total non-current assets                                                                          2,397,573    2,568,096
      Total assets                                                                                      3,056,316    2,945,469
      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                              13           152,367      156,627
      Interest bearing liabilities                                                          10            93,496       53,401
      Current tax liabilities                                                                             47,312       36,214
      Provisions                                                                            16            32,085       30,173
      Other current liabilities                                                                               63        3,206
      Total current liabilities                                                                          325,323      279,621
      Non-current liabilities
      Interest bearing liabilities                                                          10            292,470      382,723
      Provisions                                                                            16            150,129      154,873
      Total non-current liabilities                                                                       442,599      537,596
      Total liabilities                                                                                   767,922      817,217
      Net assets                                                                                        2,288,394    2,128,252
      EQUITY
      Issued capital                                                                       11(a)        2,183,727    2,183,727
      Reserves                                                                             11(b)           45,407       38,795
      Retained earnings/(Accumulated losses)                                               11(c)           59,260      (94,270)
      Capital and reserves attributable to owners of Evolution Mining Limited                           2,288,394    2,128,252
      Total equity                                                                                      2,288,394    2,128,252




      The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                      106




106    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Consolidated Statement
Consolidated           of Changes
               Statement          in Equity
                           of Changes   in
Equity
                                                              Share- Fair value             Foreign
                                                   Issued     based revaluation Cash flow currency Retained               Total
                                                   capital payments     reserve   hedges translation earnings            equity
                                        Notes        $'000     $'000      $'000     $'000      $'000    $'000             $'000

Balance at 1 July 2016                          1,770,987   29,496        (110)       (127)       104     (248,917) 1,551,433

Profit after income tax expense                         -           -         -           -          -    217,607      217,607
Changes in fair value of
available-for-sale financial assets                     -           -    1,699            -          -             -      1,699
Changes in fair value of cash flow
hedge                                                   -           -         -        127           -             -       127
Exchange differences on translation
of foreign operations                                   -           -        -           -         (47)         -          (47)
Total comprehensive income                              -           -    1,699         127         (47)   217,607      219,386

Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Contributions of equity                 11(a)    412,740            -         -           -          -           -     412,740
Dividends provided for or paid            5            -            -         -           -          -     (62,960)    (62,960)
Recognition of share-based
payments                                 24            -     7,653            -           -          -           -       7,653
                                                 412,740     7,653            -           -          -     (62,960)    357,433


Balance at 30 June 2017                         2,183,727   37,149       1,589            -        57      (94,270) 2,128,252



Balance at 1 July 2017                          2,183,727   37,149       1,589            -        57      (94,270) 2,128,252

Profit after income tax expense                         -           -         -           -          -    263,388      263,388
Fair value loss on avaible-for-sale financial
assets, net of tax                                      -           -    (1,925)          -          -             -     (1,925)
Exchange differences on translation of
foreign operations                                      -           -         -           -        46           -           46
Total comprehensive expense                             -           -    (1,925)          -        46     263,388      261,509

Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners:
Dividends provided for or paid                          -        -            -           -          -    (109,858)    (109,858)
Recognition of share-based payments                     -    8,491            -           -          -           -        8,491
                                                        -    8,491            -           -          -    (109,858)    (101,367)


Balance at 30 June 2018                         2,183,727   45,640        (336)           -       103      59,260 2,288,394




The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                              107




                                                                                   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     107
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                          30 June       30 June
                                                                                                             2018          2017
                                                                                             Notes           $'000         $'000

      Cash flows from operating activities
      Receipts from sales                                                                              1,554,951      1,441,275
      Payments to suppliers and employees                                                               (775,032)      (768,279)
      Other income                                                                                           651            776
      Interest received                                                                                    2,510          1,519
      Interest paid                                                                                      (20,495)       (24,496)
      Income taxes paid                                                                                  (48,419)             -
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                              6(a)        714,166        650,795


      Cash flows from investing activities
      Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                         (116,053)       (91,041)
      Payments for mine development and exploration                                                      (191,875)      (181,267)
      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                     595          1,820
      Proceeds from sale of subsidiary                                                                     40,000         40,688
      Cash disposed on sale of subsidiary                                                                     (13)             -
      Payments for transaction and integration costs                                                         (438)        (3,045)
      Transfer from term deposits                                                                               -             (3)
      Transaction costs related to business disposal                                                            -         (3,942)
      Payments for Available-for-sale financial assets                                                     (2,500)             -
      Payment for economic interest in Ernest Henry                                                             -       (884,004)
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                         (270,284)    (1,120,794)


      Cash flows from financing activities
      Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities - Senior Secured Syndicated Revolving and
      Term Facility                                                                                               -     475,000
      Repayment of interest bearing liabilities - Senior Secured Syndicated Revolving and
      Term Facility                                                                                       (40,000)     (325,000)
      Repayment of short term borrowings                                                                  (84,330)     (163,232)
      Proceeds from short term borrowings                                                                  77,460       161,630
      Payment of finance lease liabilities                                                                 (1,344)       (8,316)
      Dividends paid                                                                                     (109,873)      (52,419)
      Proceeds from issues of shares                                                                            -       408,808
      Payment of transaction costs for issuing shares                                                           -        (6,315)
      Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                          (158,087)      490,156


      Net increase/ in cash and cash equivalents                                                         285,795         20,157
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                            37,385         17,295
      Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                           46            (67)
      Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                              9          323,226         37,385




      The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                      108




108    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Page


     Business Performance                                                                            110
1    Performance by Mine                                                                             110
2    Revenue and Expenses                                                                            111
3    Income tax expense                                                                              113
4    Earnings per share                                                                              113
5    Dividends                                                                                       114
6    Other cash flow information                                                                     115

     Resource Assets and Liabilities                                                                 117
7    Property, plant and equipment                                                                   117
8    Mine development and exploration                                                                119

     Capital Structure, Financing and Working Capital                                                123
9    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       123
10   Interest bearing liabilities                                                                    123
11   Equity and reserves                                                                             124
12   Trade and other receivables                                                                     126
13   Trade and other payables                                                                        127
14   Inventories                                                                                     127
15   Other non-current assets                                                                        128
16   Provisions                                                                                      128
17   Deferred tax balances                                                                           130

     Risk and unrecognised items                                                                     132
18   Financial risk management                                                                       132
19   Contingent liabilities and contingent assets                                                    135
20   Commitments                                                                                     135
21   Events occurring after the reporting period                                                     137

     Other information                                                                               138
22   Ernest Henry Operation                                                                          138
23   Related party transactions                                                                      139
24   Share-based payments                                                                            140
25   Remuneration of auditors                                                                        142
26   Deed of cross guarantee                                                                         143
27   Interests in other entities                                                                     144
28   Parent entity financial information                                                             145
29   Summary of significant accounting policies                                                      146
30   New accounting standards                                                                        147




                                                        109




                                                              Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      Business Performance
      This section highlights the key indicators on how the Group performed during the year.


      1 Performance by Mine
      (a) Description of segments
      The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Executive
      Chairman and the Senior Leadership Team (the chief business decision makers) in assessing performance and in determining the
      allocation of resources.

      The Group’s operational mine sites, Exploration and Corporate are each treated as individual operating segments. Management
      monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and
      performance assessment.

      Corporate includes share-based payment expenses and other corporate expenditures supporting the business during the period.

      Segment performance is evaluated based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA).

      The Group’s operations are all conducted in the mining industry in Australia.

      (b) Segment information
      The segment information for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2018 is as follows:

                                                   Mt      Mt        Edna               Ernest               Explo-      Corp-
                          Cowal Mungari       Carlton Rawdon          May Cracow        Henry Pajingo        ration      orate       Total
                           $'000  $'000         $'000   $'000        $'000  $'000        $'000  $'000         $'000      $'000       $'000

      30 June 2018
      SPACE
      Revenue          422,858 191,062 214,844 179,387             37,171 147,708 347,403               -         -        - 1,540,433
      EBITDA           234,225  67,331 136,503  93,006              2,629  70,210 230,976               -    (5,414) (34,383) 795,083
      Sustaining
      Capital           39,697      9,935      9,866     8,574      1,599    19,601     11,618          -          -    1,619     102,509
      Major Capital     84,923     36,611     21,009    10,924      3,072    14,451          -          -          -        -     170,990
      Total Capital    124,620     46,546     30,875    19,498      4,671    34,052     11,618          -          -    1,619     273,499


      The segment information for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2017 is as follows:

                                                   Mt      Mt        Edna               Ernest               Explo-      Corp-
                          Cowal Mungari       Carlton Rawdon          May Cracow        Henry Pajingo        ration      orate       Total
                           $'000  $'000         $'000   $'000        $'000  $'000        $'000  $'000         $'000      $'000       $'000

      30 June 2017
      Space
      Revenue          440,691 231,767 197,093 166,471 116,845 146,149 163,342                    17,518          -        - 1,479,876
      EBITDA           258,434  90,029 126,051  91,578  20,588  71,610  99,234                     2,614    (12,645) (33,638) 713,855
      Sustaining
      Capital            43,849    14,566     15,304    14,242      2,241    17,462      6,066     2,820           -    1,035     117,585
      Major Capital      27,080    22,161     13,887    19,071     28,519    14,168          -     3,560           -        -     128,446
      Total Capital      70,929    36,727     29,191    33,313     30,760    31,630      6,066     6,380           -    1,035     246,031




                                                                       110




110    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1 Performance by Mine (continued)
(c) Segment reconciliation

                                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                                            $'000             $'000

Reconciliation of profit before income tax expense
SPACE
EBITDA                                                                                                   795,083           713,855
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                           (405,230)         (388,824)
Interest income                                                                                            3,332             1,519
Acquisition and integration costs                                                                            866            (6,987)
Fair value amortisation expense                                                                          (33,481)          (45,035)
Fair value unwinding expense                                                                               3,142             1,526
Finance costs                                                                                            (24,778)          (35,194)
Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                     -            (3,576)
Profit before income tax expense                                                                         338,934           237,284


Recognition and measurement
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.

The Board of Evolution Mining Limited has appointed a strategic steering committee which assesses the financial performance and
position of the Group, and makes strategic decisions. The steering committee, which has been identified as being the chief business
decision maker, consists of the Executive Chairman and the Senior Leadership Team (KMP).


2 Revenue and Expenses
                                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                                            $'000             $'000

Sales revenue
Gold sales                                                                                             1,312,640         1,341,311
Silver sales                                                                                              21,049            25,164
Copper sales                                                                                             206,744           113,401
                                                                                                       1,540,433         1,479,876


                                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                                            $'000             $'000

Cost of sales
Mine operating costs                                                                                     639,609           657,258
Royalty and other selling costs                                                                           65,944            62,480
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                    404,580           388,097
Fair value amortisation                                                                                   33,481            45,035
Fair value gain                                                                                           (3,142)           (1,526)
                                                                                                       1,140,472         1,151,344




                                                                111




                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      2 Revenue and Expenses (continued)
                                                                                                                 30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                                    $'000              $'000

      Corporate and other administration costs
      Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                          650                727
      Corporate overheads                                                                                         26,543             28,001
                                                                                                                  27,193             28,728

      Transaction and integration costs
      Contractor, consultants and advisory expense                                                                    724             2,998
      Corporate and administration expense                                                                            978               944
      Stamp duty on business combinations                                                                          (2,568)            3,045
                                                                                                                     (866)            6,987

      Finance costs
      Finance lease interest expense                                                                                  19                338
      Amortisation of debt establishment costs                                                                       740              7,444
      Unwinding of discount on provisions                                                                          3,544              3,254
      Interest expense                                                                                            20,475             24,158
                                                                                                                  24,778             35,194

      Depreciation and amortisation
      Cost of sales (excluding Ernest Henry)                                                                     278,911            323,195
      Cost of sales (Ernest Henry)                                                                               125,669             64,902
      Corporate and other administration costs                                                                       650                727
                                                                                                                 405,230            388,824


      Recognition and measurement
      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when there has been a transfer of risks and rewards to the customer and no further
      processing is required by the Group, the quality and quantity of the goods has been determined with reasonable accuracy, the price
      is fixed or determinable, and collectability is probable. The point at which risk and title passes for concentrate sales is generally
      upon receipt of the bill of lading when the commodity is delivered for shipment. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the
      consideration received or receivable.

      The terms of metal in concentrate sales contracts with third parties contain provisional pricing arrangements whereby the selling
      price for metal in concentrate is based on prevailing spot prices on a specified future date after shipment to the customer (quotation
      period). Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in quoted marked prices up to the date of final settlement. The
      period between provisional invoicing and final settlement is typically between one and three months. Revenue on provisionally
      priced sales is recognised based on the estimated fair value of the total consideration receivable.




                                                                       112




112    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
3 Income tax expense
Judgement is required to determine whether deferred tax assets are recognised in the Balance Sheet. Management must assess
the likelihood that the Group will generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to recognise and utilise those
deferred tax assets. Estimates of future taxable income are based on forecast cash flows from operations and existing tax laws.
These assessments require the use of estimates such as commodity prices and operating performance over the life of the assets.
To the extent that cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the Group’s ability to realise the deferred tax
assets reporting could be impacted.


(a) Income tax expense

                                                                                                            30 June            30 June
                                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                                               $'000              $'000

Current tax on profits for the period                                                                        85,490             36,214
Deferred tax                                                                                                 (4,433)             3,863
Previously unrecognised tax loss now recognised                                                                   -            (20,400)
Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                                 (5,511)                 -
                                                                                                             75,546             19,677


(b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                                                                                                            30 June            30 June
                                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                                               $'000              $'000

Profit before income tax                                                                                    338,933           237,284
Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30%                                                                       101,680            71,185
space
Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable)
in calculating taxable income:
    Costs of business acquisitions                                                                                -                982
    Deferred tax expense on sale of subsidiary                                                                4,165                  -
    Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                             (5,511)                 -
    Share-based payments                                                                                      2,547              1,924
    Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                    -              1,073
    Other                                                                                                      (689)             2,257
Temporary differences now recognised to reduce deferred tax expense                                         (12,993)                 -
Tax loss recognised to reduce deferred tax expense                                                           (4,544)           (20,400)
Tax losses used to reduce current tax expense                                                                (9,109)           (37,344)
Income tax expense                                                                                           75,546             19,677


                                                                                                           (414,479)         (256,961)
4 Earnings per share
(a) Earnings per share

                                                                                                             30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                                               Cents             Cents

Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                               15.57             13.28
Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                             15.51             13.23




                                                                 113




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      4 Earnings per share (continued)
      (b) Earnings used in calculating earnings per share

                                                                                                              30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                 2018               2017
                                                                                                                 $'000              $'000

      Earnings per share used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:
         Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of the parent                                    263,388            217,607

      (c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                                              Number            Number

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating the basic earnings per share      1,691,215,407       1,638,875,242
      Effect of dilutive securities (i)                                                                    6,419,798           5,584,134

      Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating the diluted earnings
      per share                                                                                        1,697,635,205       1,644,459,376


      (i)      Performance rights and share rights have been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share


      5 Dividends
      (a) Ordinary shares

                                                                                                              30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                 2018               2017
                                                                                                                 $'000              $'000

      Interim dividend - 2018
          Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2018 of 3.5 cents per share fully franked (30
          June 2017: 2 cent per share unfranked) per fully paid share paid on 30 March 2018                    59,180            33,595
      Space
      Final dividend - 2017
          Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2017 of 3 cents per share fully franked (30 June
          2016: 2 cent per share unfranked) per fully paid share paid on 26 September 2017                    50,678             29,365
                                                                                                             109,858             62,960


      (b) Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period
      In June 2017, the Directors approved a change to the dividend policy of whenever possible paying a dividend equivalent to 50% of
      the Group's earnings. The final dividend for 2018 has been calculated accordingly.




                                                                      114




114     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
5 Dividends (continued)
(b) Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period (continued)

                                                                                                           30 June          30 June
                                                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                                                              $'000            $'000

In addition to the above dividends, since period end the Directors have recommended the
payment of a fully franked final dividend of 4.0 cents per fully paid ordinary share (30 June 2017:
3 cents fully franked). The aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid on
28 September 2018 out of retained earnings at 30 June 2018, but not recognised as a liability at
period end, is                                                                                             67,704            50,484


(c) Franked dividends

The final dividend recommended after 30 June 2018 will be fully franked out of franking credits expected to arise from the payment
of income tax during the year ending 30 June 2019. The franking account balance at the end of the financial year is $1.3 million (30
June 2017: nil)


6 Other cash flow information
(a) Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities

                                                                                                           30 June          30 June
                                                                                                              2018             2017
                                                                                                              $'000            $'000

Profit after income tax                                                                                   263,388           217,607
Transaction and integration costs                                                                            (866)            6,987
Fair value amortisation and expense                                                                        30,339            43,509
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                             404,650           388,824
Unwind of discount on provisions                                                                            3,544             3,254
Amortisation of debt establishment costs                                                                      740             7,444
Share-based payments expense                                                                                8,491             6,413
Exploration and evaluation costs expensed                                                                   5,414            12,645
Income tax expense                                                                                         75,546                 -
Loss on sale of subsidiary                                                                                      -             3,576
Timing difference on settlement of Ernest Henry sales/ costs                                                  (76)           16,887
Change in operating assets and liabilities:
    Increase in operating receivables                                                                      (9,509)          (36,237)
    Increase in inventories                                                                               (26,728)          (41,586)
    Increase in operating payables                                                                          8,179             4,957
    Increase in current and deferred tax balances                                                         (48,419)           19,677
    Increase in borrowing costs                                                                            (2,684)           (7,857)
    Increase in other provisions                                                                            2,157             4,695
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                 714,166           650,795




                                                                  115




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      6 Other cash flow information (continued)
      (b) Net debt reconciliation
      This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods presented.

                                                                                                                   30 June          30 June
                                                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                                                      $'000            $'000

      Net debt
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    323,226           37,385
      Bank loans                                                                                                  (395,000)        (435,000)
      Net bank debt                                                                                                (71,774)        (397,615)

      Available-for-sale financial assets                                                                            5,536            4,961
      Finance lease liabilities                                                                                          -           (1,344)
      Net debt                                                                                                     (66,238)        (393,998)


                                                                                         Finance
                                                         Cash and                     leases due Bank loans       Bank loans
                                                             cash      Available-          within due within 1    due after 1
                                                        equivalent     for-sale (i)        1 year         year           year         Total
                                                             $'000          $'000           $'000        $'000          $'000         $'000

      Year ended 30 June 2017
      space
      Net debt at the beginning of the year                17,295          3,263          (8,316)            -      (285,000)     (272,758)
      Cash flows                                           20,157               -          6,972       (50,000)     (100,000)     (122,871)
      Foreign exchange adjustments                             (67)             -               -             -             -          (67)
      Other non-cash movements                                   -         1,698                -             -             -        1,698
      Net debt as at end of the year                       37,385          4,961          (1,344)     (50,000)      (385,000)     (393,998)

      Year ended 30 June 2018
      space
      Net debt at the beginning of the year                37,385          4,961          (1,344)     (50,000)      (385,000)     (393,998)
      Cash flows                                          285,794              -           1,344      (45,000)        85,000       327,138
      Foreign exchange adjustments                             47              -               -            -              -            47
      Other non-cash movements                                  -            575               -            -              -           575
      Net debt at the end of the year                     323,226          5,536               -      (95,000)      (300,000)      (66,238)

      (i)        Available-for-sale comprise current investments that are traded in an active market, being the Group’s financial assets held
                 at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                        116




116     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Resource Assets and Liabilities
This section provides information that is relevant to understanding the composition and management of the Group's assets and
liabilities.


7 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                     Plant and
                                                                               Freehold land        equipment              Total
                                                                                       $'000             $'000             $'000

At 1 July 2017
Cost                                                                                  16,841         1,640,294        1,657,135
Accumulated depreciation                                                                   -          (915,946)        (915,946)
Net carrying amount                                                                   16,841           724,348          741,189


Year ended 30 June 2018
Carrying amount at beginning of year                                                  16,841           724,348          741,189
Additions                                                                                  -           116,053          116,053
Reclassification                                                                           -           (90,578)         (90,578)
Disposals                                                                                  -              (595)            (595)
Depreciation                                                                               -          (117,563)        (117,563)
Depreciation relating to fair value uplift on business combinations                        -            (4,608)          (4,608)
Disposal of subsidiary                                                                (2,580)          (69,543)         (72,123)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                14,261           557,514          571,775

At 30 June 2018
Cost                                                                                  14,261         1,590,847        1,605,108
Accumulated depreciation                                                                   -        (1,033,333)      (1,033,333)
Net carrying amount                                                                   14,261           557,514          571,775


Included in above
Assets in the course of construction                                                        -         103,445           103,445




                                                                  117




                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      7 Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                   Plant and
                                                                                            Freehold land         equipment                Total
                                                                                                    $'000              $'000               $'000

      At 1 July 2016
      Cost                                                                                          10,526         1,565,270          1,575,796
      Accumulated depreciation                                                                           -          (786,026)          (786,026)
      Net carrying amount                                                                           10,526           779,244            789,770


      Year ended 30 June 2017
      Carrying amount at beginning of year                                                          10,526           779,244            789,770
      Additions                                                                                      4,258            86,783             91,041
      Reclassification                                                                               2,057            (2,322)              (265)
      Disposals                                                                                          -            (1,820)            (1,820)
      Depreciation                                                                                       -          (132,076)          (132,076)
      Depreciation relating to fair value uplift on business combinations                                -            (5,461)            (5,461)
      Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                        16,841           724,348            741,189


      At 30 June 2017
      Cost                                                                                          16,841         1,640,294          1,657,135
      Accumulated depreciation                                                                           -          (915,946)          (915,946)
      Net carrying amount                                                                           16,841           724,348            741,189


      Included in above
      Carrying amount of lease assets                                                                     -            2,952              2,952
      Assets in the course of construction                                                                -           67,352             67,352
                                                                                                          -           70,304             70,304


      Recognition and measurement

      Cost
      Plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Costs equals the fair value of the item at
      acquisition date and includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Freehold land is carried at cost.

      Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, only when it is probable that future
      economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying
      amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
      charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or otherwise disposed of, or when its use is expected to
      bring no future economic benefits. Any gain or loss from derecognising the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss in the
      period the item is derecognised.

      Depreciation
      Depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated using either the straight line or units of production method to allocate their cost,
      net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The rates vary between 10% and 33% per annum. Freehold land is not
      depreciated.

      Accounting estimates and judgements
      Estimation of remaining useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods involve significant judgement and are reviewed
      annually for all major items of plant and equipment. Any changes are accounted for prospectively from the date of reassessment to
      the end of the revised useful life.




                                                                         118




118    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
8 Mine development and exploration
                                                                        Producing    Exploration
                                                                            mines and evaluation              Total
                                                                            $'000          $'000              $'000

At 1 July 2017
Cost                                                                     2,959,137        128,128         3,087,265
Accumulated amortisation                                                (1,285,786)             -        (1,285,786)
Net carrying amount                                                      1,673,351        128,128         1,801,479


Year ended 30 June 2018
Carrying amount at beginning of year                                    1,673,351         128,128        1,801,479
Additions                                                                 176,772          31,014          207,786
Amortisation                                                             (287,668)              -         (287,668)
Amortisation recognised in inventory                                         (580)              -             (580)
Amortisation relating to fair value uplift on business combinations       (28,873)              -          (28,873)
Asset write-off                                                                 -          (5,410)          (5,410)
Reclassifications                                                          91,837          (1,259)          90,578
Disposal of subsidiary                                                    (20,108)           (172)         (20,280)
Reclassification to long term inventory                                   (13,280)              -          (13,280)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                  1,591,451         152,301        1,743,752


At 30 June 2018
Cost                                                                     3,085,507        152,301         3,237,808
Accumulated amortisation                                                (1,494,056)             -        (1,494,056)
Net carrying amount                                                      1,591,451        152,301         1,743,752




                                                                  119




                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      8 Mine development and exploration (continued)
                                                                                              Producing    Exploration
                                                                                                  mines and evaluation                 Total
                                                                                                  $'000          $'000                 $'000

      At 1 July 2016
      Cost                                                                                    1,962,882           110,338         2,073,220
      Accumulated amortisation                                                               (1,015,047)                -        (1,015,047)
      Net carrying amount                                                                       947,835           110,338         1,058,173


      Year ended 30 June 2017
      Carrying amount at beginning of year                                                      947,835           110,338         1,058,173
      Additions                                                                                 151,500            30,473           181,973
      Amortisation                                                                             (256,748)                -          (256,748)
      Acquisition of economic interest in Ernest Henry Operation (i)                            884,004                 -           884,004
      Amortisation recognised in inventory                                                      (13,990)                -           (13,990)
      Amortisation relating to fair value uplift on business combinations                       (39,574)                -           (39,574)
      Exchange differences                                                                            -                21                21
      Asset write-off                                                                                 -           (12,645)          (12,645)
      Reclassifications                                                                             324               (59)              265
      Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                  1,673,351           128,128         1,801,479


      At 30 June 2017
      Cost                                                                                    2,959,137           128,128         3,087,265
      Accumulated amortisation                                                               (1,285,786)                -        (1,285,786)
      Net carrying amount                                                                     1,673,351           128,128         1,801,479

      (i)         Refer to note 22 for information on the Ernest Henry transaction and financial results for the year ended 30 June 2018.

      Recognition and measurement

      Mines under construction
      This expenditure includes net direct costs of construction, borrowing costs capitalised during construction and an appropriate
      allocation of attributable overheads. Expenditure is net of proceeds from the sale of ore extracted during the construction phase to
      the extent that this ore extracted is considered material to the development of the mine.

      After production commences, all aggregated costs of construction are transferred to producing mines or plant and equipment as
      appropriate.

      Producing mines - deferred stripping
      Stripping (waste removal) costs are incurred both during the development phase and production phase of operations. Stripping
      costs incurred during the development phase are capitalised as mines under construction. Stripping costs incurred during the
      production phase are generally considered to create two benefits:

            •   the production of ore inventory in the period - accounted for as a part of the cost of producing those ore inventories; or
            •   improved access to the ore to be mined in the future - recognised under producing mines if the following criteria are met:
                  •    Future economic benefits (being improved access to the ore body) associated with the stripping activity are probable;
                  •    The component of the ore body for which access has been improved can be accurately identified; and
                  •    The costs associated with the stripping activity associated with that component can be reliably measured.

      The amount of stripping costs deferred is based on the life of component ratio which is obtained by dividing the amount of waste
      tonnes mined by the quantity of gold ounces contained in the ore for each component of the mine. Stripping costs incurred in the
      period are deferred to the extent that the actual current period waste to contained gold ounce ratio exceeds the life of component
      expected 'life of component' ratio.




                                                                        120




120     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
8 Mine development and exploration (continued)
Recognition and measurement

Producing mines - deferred stripping
A component is defined as a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping activity and is
determined based on mine plans. An identified component of the ore body is typically a subset of the total ore body of the mine.
Each mine may have several components, which are identified based on the mine plan.

The deferred stripping asset is initially measured at cost, which is the accumulation of costs directly incurred to perform the stripping
activity that improves access to the ore within an identified component, plus an allocation of directly attributable overhead costs.

The deferred stripping asset is depreciated over the expected useful life of the identified component of the ore body that is made
more accessible by the activity, on a units of production basis. Economically recoverable reserves are used to determine the
expected useful life of the identified component of the ore body.

Exploration and evaluation
Exploration and evaluation expenditure related to areas of interest is capitalised and carried forward to the extent that rights to
tenure of the area of interest are current and either:

      •     Costs are expected to be recouped through the successful development and exploitation of the area of interest or
            alternatively by sale; or
      •     Where activities in the area of interest have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the
            existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves, and active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the
            area of interest are continuing.

Such expenditure consists of an accumulation of acquisition costs and direct exploration and evaluation costs incurred, together with
an appropriate portion of directly related overhead expenditure.

The carrying value of capitalised exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances
suggest that the carrying value may exceed its recoverable amount. Any amounts in excess of the recoverable amount are
derecognised in the financial year it is determined.

Depreciation and amortisation
The Group uses the units of production basis when amortising mine development assets which results in an amortisation charge
proportional to the depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life has due regard to both its
physical life limitations and to present assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which it is located.

Impairment of non-financial assets
(i)       Testing for impairment
At each reporting date, the Group tests its tangible and other intangible assets for impairment where there in an indication that:

      •     the asset may be impaired; or
      •     previously recognised impairment (on assets other than goodwill) may have changed.

Where the asset does not generate cash inflows independent from other assets and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close
to its fair value, the asset is tested for impairment as part of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which it belongs. The Group
considers each of its mine sites to be a separate CGU.

If the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable
amount and an impairment loss recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is
determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.

(ii)      Impairment calculations
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value
less costs of disposal, a discounted cash flow model is used based on a methodology consistent with that applied by the Group in
determining the value of potential acquisition targets, maximising the use of market observed inputs. These calculations, classified
as Level 3 on the fair value hierarchy, are compared to valuation multiples, or other fair value indicators where available, to ensure
reasonableness.




                                                                      121




                                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018    121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      8 Mine development and exploration (continued)
      Accounting estimates and judgements

      Deferred stripping
      The life of component ratio is a function of the mine design and therefore changes to that design will generally result in changes to
      the ratio. Changes in other technical or economic parameters that impact reserves will also have an impact on the life of component
      ratio even if they do not affect the mine design. Changes to production stripping resulting from a change in life of component ratios
      are accounted for prospectively.

      Exploration and evaluation
      Judgement is required to determine whether future economic benefits are likely, from either exploitation or sale, or whether activities
      have not reached a stage that permits a reasonable assessment of the existence of reserves. In addition to these judgements, the
      Group has to make certain estimates and assumptions such as the determination of a JORC resource which is itself an estimation
      process that involves varying degrees of uncertainty depending on how the resources are classified (i.e. measured, indicated or
      inferred). These estimates directly impact when the Group capitalises exploration and evaluation expenditure. The capitalisation
      policy requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and circumstances, in particular, the
      assessment of whether economic quantities of reserves will be found. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new
      information becomes available.

      The recoverable amount of capitalised expenditure relating to undeveloped mining projects (projects for which the decision to mine
      has not yet been approved at the required authorisation level within the Group) can be particularly sensitive to variations in key
      estimates and assumptions. If a variation in key estimates or assumptions has a negative impact on recoverable amount it could
      result in a requirement for impairment.

      Units of production method of amortisation
      The Group uses the units of production basis when amortising mine development assets which results in an amortisation charge
      proportional to the depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life, which is assessed
      annually, has due regard to both its physical life limitations and to present assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the
      mine property at which it is located. These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions.

      Ore reserves and resources
      The Group estimates its ore reserves and mineral resources annually at 31 December each year and reports in the following April,
      based on information compiled by Competent Persons as defined in accordance with the Australasian code for reporting Exploration
      Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Resources (JORC code 2012). The estimated quantities of economically recoverable reserves
      are based upon interpretations of geological models and require assumptions to be made regarding factors such as estimates of
      short and long-term exchange rates, estimates of short and long-term commodity prices, future capital requirements and future
      operating performance. Changes in reported reserves estimates can impact the carrying amount of mine development (including
      exploration and evaluation assets), the provision for rehabilitation obligations, the recognition of deferred tax assets, as well as the
      amount of amortisation charged to the statement of profit or loss.

      Impairment
      Significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are required in determining value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. This
      is particularly so in the assessment of long life assets. It should be noted that the CGU recoverable amounts are subject to variability
      in key assumptions including, but not limited to, gold and copper prices, currency exchange rates, discount rates, production profiles
      and operating and capital costs. A change in one or more of the assumptions used to determine value in use or fair value less costs
      of disposal could result in a change in a CGU's recoverable amount.

      The Group has considered whether past impairment losses should be reversed given the expectation of continued improved
      earnings in relation to those CGUs. While there are some indicators supporting a reversal of impairment, other indicators (such as
      metals prices, continued price volatility and variability in values of asset transactions) do not clearly support a reversal. Accordingly
      a reversal of past impairment losses has not been recognised.




                                                                         122




122    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Capital Structure and Financing
This section provides information on the Group's capital and financial management activities.


9 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                            30 June           30 June
                                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                                               $'000             $'000

Current assets
Bank balances                                                                                                    -                  -
Cash at bank                                                                                               323,226             37,385
                                                                                                           323,226             37,385


Recognition and measurement

Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash and bank and on hand and short term deposits with an original
maturity of three months or less and are classified as financial assets held at amortised cost.

Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group and earn interest at the respective
short-term deposit rates.


10 Interest bearing liabilities
                                                                                                            30 June           30 June
                                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                                               $'000             $'000

Current liabilities
Bank loans                                                                                                  95,000             50,000
Less: Borrowing costs                                                                                       (1,504)            (4,813)
Finance lease liabilities                                                                                        -              1,344
Other borrowings                                                                                                 -              6,870
                                                                                                            93,496             53,401


Non-current liabilities
Bank loans                                                                                                 300,000           385,000
Less: Borrowing costs                                                                                       (7,530)           (2,277)
                                                                                                           292,470           382,723

In September 2017, the Group repaid the outstanding balance of $40.0 million on the Senior Secured Term Loan ("Facility B") in
anticipation of the up-front cash payment to be received on the sale of the Edna May Operation. The Senior Secured Revolving
Loan ("Facility A") remained undrawn during the year.

In March 2018, the Group successfully renewed the Senior Secured Revolving Loan (“Facility A”) and the Performance Bond Facility
(“Facility C”) through until July 2021 for $350.0 million and $175.0 million respectively (previously $300.0 million and $155.0 million
respectively). The expiry on the Senior Secured Term Loan (“Facility D”) remains unchanged at October 2021. The renewal of the
debt facilities has secured a saving of approximately $6 million over the term of the loans compared to the previous pricing.




                                                                 123




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      10 Interest bearing liabilities (continued)
      The repayment periods and the outstanding balances as at 30 June 2018 on each Facility are set out below:

                                                                                                            Term date Outstanding balance
       Senior Secured Revolving Loan - Facility A ($350.0 million)                                        31 July 2021                $ nil
       Performance Bond Facility - Facility C                                                             31 July 2021         $132 million
       Senior Secured Term Loan - Facility D                                                           15 October 2021         $395 million

      (a) Secured liabilities and assets pledged as security

      The New Facility is secured in the form of a General Security Agreement and Share Security Agreement over the Groups operating
      assets. The carrying amounts of assets pledged as general security for total borrowings is $1.952 billion. The share capital pledged
      as share security for total borrowings is $1.872 billion.

      Lease liabilities are effectively secured as the rights to the leased assets recognised in the financial statements revert to the lessor
      in the event of default.

      Recognition and measurement
      Interest bearing liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs incurred and subsequently
      measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or
      loss when the liabilities are derecognised.


      11 Equity and reserves
      (a) Contributed equity
      Movements in ordinary share capital
      Ordinary shares are fully-paid and have no par value. They carry one vote per share and the rights to dividends. They bear no
      special terms or conditions affecting income or capital entitlements of the shareholders and are classified as equity.

                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                     shares                 $'000

      Balance at 1 July 2016                                                                                   1,468,262,821           1,770,987
      Shares issued on vesting of performance rights                                                               7,961,146                   -
      Shares issued under DRP for final dividend                                                                   1,927,526               4,055
      Shares issued under DRP for interim dividend                                                                 3,066,229               6,192
      Shares issued under Institutional Component of Entitlement Offer                                           151,914,603             311,425
      Shares issued under Retail Component of Entitlement Offer                                                   44,976,448              90,134
      Shares issued under Employee Share Scheme (i)                                                                  511,192                   -
      Shares issued on exercise of unlisted share options                                                          4,178,661               7,249
      Less: share issue costs                                                                                              -              (6,315)
      Balance at 30 June 2017                                                                                  1,682,798,626           2,183,727

      Shares issued on vesting of performance rights                                                               9,214,401                   -
      Shares issued under Employee Share Scheme (i)                                                                  501,234                   -
      Shares issued under NED Equity Plan                                                                             97,788                   -
      Balance at 30 June 2018                                                                                  1,692,612,049           2,183,727


      (i)       Information relating to the employee share scheme, including details of shares issued under the scheme, is set out in note
                24.




                                                                          124




124     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
11 Equity and reserves (continued)
(a) Contributed equity (continued)

Recognition and measurement
Ordinary share capital is classified as equity and is recognised at the fair value of the consideration received by the Group.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, options or performance rights are shown in equity as a deduction,
net of tax, from the proceeds.

(b) Other reserves

                                                                                                           30 June           30 June
                                                                                                              2018              2017
                                                                                            Notes             $'000             $'000

Fair value revaluation reserve                                                                                (336)            1,589
Share-based payments                                                                                        45,640            37,149
Other reserves                                                                                                 103                57
                                                                                                            45,407            38,795


Movements:

Fair value revaluation reserve
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     1,589              (110)
    Change in fair value of available-for-sale financial assets                                             (1,925)            1,699
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                (336)            1,589

Cash flow hedges
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                          -             (127)
    Change in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                  -              127
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                    -                -

Share-based payments
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    37,149            29,496
    Share based payments expense                                                             24              8,491             7,653
Balance at the end of the year                                                                              45,640            37,149

Foreign currency translation
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                        57                 104
    Currency translation differences arising during the year                                                    46                 (47)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                 103                  57

(i)   Nature and purpose of other reserves
Fair value revaluation reserve
The fair value revaluation reserve records fair value changes on financial assets designated at fair value through other
comprehensive income.

Cash flow hedges
The cash flow hedging reserve records the portion of gains or losses on derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
hedges and are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                  125




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      11 Equity and reserves (continued)
      (b) Other reserves (continued)

      (i)   Nature and purpose of other reserves (continued)
      Share-based payments
      The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees,
      including Non-Executive Directors, Executive Directors and key management personnel as part of their remuneration. Refer to note
      24 for further information.

      Foreign currency translation
      The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
      statements of foreign subsidiaries.

      (c) Retained earnings

      Movements in retained earnings were as follows:

                                                                                                                  30 June              30 June
                                                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                                   Notes             $'000                $'000

      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                        (94,270)            (248,917)
      Net profit for the period                                                                                   263,388              217,607
      Dividends paid                                                                                5            (109,858)             (62,960)
      Balance at the end of the year                                                                               59,260              (94,270)


      12 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                  30 June              30 June
                                                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                                                     $'000                $'000

      Current assets
      Trade receivables (i)                                                                                        60,394              53,534
      GST refundable                                                                                                3,501               4,349
      Prepayments                                                                                                   5,386               3,296
      Other receivables                                                                                             2,015               1,940
                                                                                                                   71,296              63,119

      (i)       Trade receivables includes accrued income of $46.897 million (30 June 2017: $40.263 million) relating to silver and copper
                sales from April to June 2018 production for Ernest Henry. These amounts are to be settled in July to September 2018.
                Refer to note 22 for further information on the transaction and the financial results for the year ended 30 June 2018.

      Recognition and measurement

      Trade receivables
      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade
      receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
      less provision for impairment. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as
      current.

      Other receivables
      These amounts generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. They do not contain impaired
      assets and are not past due.




                                                                       126




126     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
13 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                             30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                                                $'000             $'000

Current liabilities
Trade creditors and accruals (i)                                                                            123,889            132,073
Other payables                                                                                               28,478             24,554
                                                                                                            152,367            156,627

(i)      Trade creditors and accruals include accrued costs of $29.157 million (30 June 2017: $29.522 million) relating to the
         Group's share of production costs for April to June 2018 for Ernest Henry. These amounts are to be settled in July to
         September 2018. Refer to note 22 for further information on the transaction and the financial results for the year ended 30
         June 2018.

Recognition and measurement
Trade creditors and accruals
Trade creditors and accruals represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are paid on normal commercial terms. The carrying amounts of trade and other
payables are considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature.


14 Inventories
                                                                                                             30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                                                $'000             $'000

Current
Stores                                                                                                       43,334             46,946
Ore                                                                                                         166,820            175,302
Doré and concentrate                                                                                          6,055              8,088
Metal in circuit                                                                                             21,867             21,323
Metal in transit                                                                                             26,145             25,210
Total current inventories                                                                                   264,221            276,869


Non-current
Stores                                                                                                            -                827
Ore                                                                                                          38,459                  -
Total non-current inventories                                                                                38,459                827

Recognition and measurement

Ore stockpiles, metal in circuit, gold doré, metal in transit, refined gold bullion and concentrate are physically measured or estimated
and valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost represents the weighted average cost and includes direct costs and
an appropriate portion of fixed and variable production overhead expenditure, including depreciation and amortisation, incurred in
converting materials into finished goods.

Materials and supplies are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Any provision for obsolescence is determined by
reference to specific stock items identified. A regular and ongoing review is undertaken to establish the extent of surplus items and a
provision is made for any potential loss on their disposal. If the stockpile is not expected to be processed within 12 months after
reporting date, it is included in non-current assets.




                                                                  127




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      14 Inventories (continued)
      Accounting estimates and judgements

      Net realisable value
      Net realisable value involves significant judgements and estimates in relation to the selling price in the ordinary course of business
      less estimates costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

      The total expense relating to inventory write downs to net realisable value for the year ended 30 June 2018 was $6.128 million (30
      June 2017: $9.117 million).

      15 Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                   30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                                                      $'000             $'000

      Non-current assets -Other
      Contingent consideration attributable to the Pajingo Operation                                                3,100              3,100
      Contingent consideration attributable to the Edna May Operation                                              34,441                  -
      Other                                                                                                            91                 91
      Total other non-assets                                                                                       37,632              3,191

      Contingent consideration amounts classified as a financial asset are remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised
      in profit or loss. No fair value gains or losses have been recognised in profit or loss during the year.


      16 Provisions
                                                                                                                   30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                                                      $'000             $'000

      Current
      Employee entitlements                                                                                        32,085             30,173
                                                                                                                   32,085             30,173


      Non-current
      Employee entitlements                                                                                         2,935              5,298
      Rehabilitation provision                                                                                    146,988            149,372
      Other long term provision                                                                                       206                203
                                                                                                                  150,129            154,873


      Total provisions                                                                                            182,214            185,046




                                                                        128




128    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
16 Provisions (continued)
(i)   Movements in provisions
Movements in each class of provision during the financial year are set out below:

                                                                        Employee
                                                                         benefits   Rehabilitation             Other                 Total
                                                                           $'000             $'000             $'000                 $'000

30 June 2018
Space
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                              35,471          149,372                203           185,046
Charged to profit or loss
    - unwinding of discount                                                    -            3,544                  -             3,544
    - provision recognised                                                 3,099             (944)                 -             2,155
Re-measurement of provision                                                    -           16,000                  3            16,003
Disposal of subsidiary                                                    (3,550)         (20,984)                 -           (24,534)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                    35,020          146,988                206           182,214



30 June 2017
Space
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                              30,982          145,916                200           177,098
Charged to profit or loss
    - unwinding of discount                                                    -            3,204                  -             3,204
    - provision recognised                                                 4,489             (814)                 -             3,675
Re-measurement of provision                                                    -            1,066                  3             1,069
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                    35,471          149,372                203           185,046


Employee benefits

The provision for employee benefits represent wages and salaries, annual leave and long service leave entitlements.

Rehabilitation
The nature of site restoration costs include the dismantling and removal of mining plant, equipment and building structures, waste
removal and restoration, reclamation and revegetation of affected areas of the site in accordance with the requirements of the
mining permits.

Recognition and measurement

Employee benefits
Annual leave liabilities are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Long service leave liabilities are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows for the services provided by
employees up to the reporting date.

Liabilities not expected to be settled within twelve months are discounted using market yields at the reporting date on high quality
corporate bonds with terms to maturity that match, as closely as possible to the related liability.

Rehabilitation
Site restoration costs are recorded at the present value of the estimated future costs of the legal and constructive obligation to
rehabilitate locations.




                                                                  129




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018         129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      16 Provisions (continued)
      Recognition and measurement (continued)

      Rehabilitation
      When the liability is initially recorded, the present value of the estimated cost is capitalised as part of the carrying value of the
      related mining assets. Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in the present value based on a discount rate
      that reflects current market assessments. Additional disturbances or changes in rehabilitation costs will be recognised as additions
      or changes to the corresponding asset and rehabilitation liability when incurred.

      The unwinding of the effect of discounting the provision is recorded as a finance cost in the statement of profit or loss. The carrying
      amount is capitalised as part of mine development and amortised on a units of production basis.

      Accounting estimates and judgements
      Employee benefits
      Management judgement is required in determining the future probability of employee departures and period of service used in the
      calculation of long service leave.

      Rehabilitation
      Significant estimates and assumptions are required in determining the provision for mine rehabilitation as there are many
      transactions and other factors that will affect the ultimate liability payable to rehabilitate the mine sites. Factors that will affect this
      liability include changes in technology, changes in regulations, price increases, changes in timing of cash flows which are based on
      life of mine plan and changes in discount rates. When these factors change or become known in the future, such differences will
      impact the mine rehabilitation provision in the period in which they change or become known.


      17 Deferred tax balances
      (a) Recognised deferred tax balances

                                                                                                                       30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                                                          $'000              $'000

      Inventories                                                                                                       31,836             31,897
      Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                                           (32,710)           (24,664)
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                    (13,849)            (6,080)
      Mine development                                                                                                 (52,539)           (61,244)
      Employee benefits                                                                                                 10,506             10,644
      Provisions                                                                                                        44,158             44,812
      Share issue costs                                                                                                  1,088              2,168
      Other                                                                                                             (1,661)            (1,485)
      Deferred tax balances from temporary differences                                                                 (13,171)            (3,952)

      Tax losses carried forward                                                                                        13,590             20,400
      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                                    419             16,448




                                                                          130




130    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
17 Deferred tax balances (continued)
(b) Movement in deferred tax balances during the year

                                                                                                       Utilised to
                                                           Balance at 1 July      Recognised in        reduce tax        Balance at 30
                                                                       2017        profit or loss         liability         June 2018
                                                                       $'000                $'000            $'000              $'000

Inventories                                                           31,897                 (61)               -               31,836
Exploration and evaluation expenditure                               (24,663)             (8,047)               -              (32,710)
Property, plant and equipment                                         (6,079)             (7,770)               -              (13,849)
Mine development                                                     (61,244)              8,705                -              (52,539)
Employee benefits                                                     10,644                (138)               -               10,506
Provisions                                                            44,811                (653)               -               44,158
Share issue costs                                                      2,168              (1,080)               -                1,088
Tax losses carried forward                                            20,400              13,654          (20,463)              13,591
Other                                                                 (1,486)               (176)               -               (1,662)
Deferred tax assets                                                   16,448               4,434          (20,463)                 419

(c) Tax losses
The Group has unrecognised available tax losses of $33.382 million as at 30 June 2018. These tax losses have not been
recognised due to the uncertainty of their recoverability in future periods.

Accounting estimates and judgements
Judgement is required to determine whether deferred tax assets are recognised in the Balance Sheet. Management must assess
the likelihood that the Group will generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to recognise and utilise those
deferred tax assets. Estimates of future taxable income are based on forecast cash flows from operations and existing tax laws.
These assessments require the use of estimates such as commodity prices and operating performance over the life of the assets.
To the extent that cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the Group's ability to realise the deferred tax
assets reporting could be impacted.




                                                                 131




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      Risk and Unrecognised Items
      This section of the notes discusses the Group’s exposure to various risks and shows how these could affect the Group’s financial
      position and performance as well as providing information on items that are not recognised in the financial statements as they do not
      (yet) satisfy the recognition criteria.


      18 Financial risk management
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks such as market risk (including interest rate risk and price risk), credit
      risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks
      to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.

      Risk management is carried out at a corporate level under policies approved by the Board of Directors. Management identifies,
      evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board of Directors approves written
      principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as interest rate risk, credit risk, gold price
      risk and use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.

      The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                                      30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                                                         $'000              $'000

      Financial Assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      323,226             37,385
      Trade and other receivables (excluding GST refundable)                                                          67,795             58,770
      Available-for-sale financial assets                                                                              5,536              4,962
                                                                                                                     396,557            101,117


      Financial Liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                                                       152,367            156,627
      Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                   385,966            436,124
                                                                                                                     538,333            592,751


      (a) Derivatives
      Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to
      their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the
      derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group currently only
      designates derivatives as cash flow hedges (hedges of a particular risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and
      liabilities and highly probable forecast transactions). There are no fair value hedges or net investment hedges, nor are there any
      derivatives that do not classify for hedge accounting.

      The Group documents at the inception of the hedging transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items,
      as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its
      assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions
      have been and will continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.

      The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged
      item is more than 12 months; it is classified as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than
      12 months. Trading derivatives are classified as a current asset or liability.

      The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in
      other comprehensive income through the cash flow hedge reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised
      immediately in the Statement of Profit or Loss within other income or other expense.

      Amounts accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve are reclassified to the Statement of Profit or Loss in the periods when the
      hedged item affects profit or loss for instance when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place.




                                                                          132




132     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
18 Financial risk management (continued)
(a) Derivatives (continued)
When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately
recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was
reported in equity is immediately reclassified to profit or loss. However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the
recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, fixed assets) the gains and losses previously deferred in equity are transferred
from equity and included in the initial measurement of the cost of the asset. The deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in profit
or loss as depreciation in the case of fixed assets.

Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. The Group has no derivative financial
instruments at 30 June 2018 (nil for 2017).

(b) Market risk

(i)    Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency
that is not the Group's functional currency. Management has set up a policy to manage their foreign exchange risk against their
functional currency and is measured using sensitivity analysis and cash flow forecasting.

As at 30 June 2018, the Group held US$0.766 million (30 June 2017: US$4.634 million) in US dollar currency bank accounts,
outstanding receivables of US$6.875 million (30 June 2017: US$8.252 million) relating to the Mt Carlton operation and US$34.661
million (30 June 2017: US$30.970 million) relating to Ernest Henry. An increase/decrease in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of
5% will result in a $38,280 (30 June 2017: $231,700) increase/decrease in US dollar currency bank account balances and a
$2,076,815 (30 June 2017: $1,961,100) increase/decrease in US dollar receivables.

The Group also held NZ$ nil (30 June 2017: NZ$0.041 million) in a NZ dollar currency bank account.

(ii)   Price risk
The Group is currently exposed to the risk of fluctuations in prevailing market commodity prices on the gold, silver and copper
currently produced from its gold mines and market share prices on the available-for-sale assets. The Group has in place physical
gold delivery contracts as at 30 June 2018 covering sales of 250,000 oz (30 June 2017: 458,495 oz) of gold at an average flat
forward price of $1,711 (30 June 2017: $1,645). An increase/decrease in market share prices on available-for-sale assets of 10%
will result in a $553,643 (30 June 2017: $496,107) increase/decrease in available-for-sale assets.

(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from variable interest rates on interest bearing liabilities. As at 30 June 2018, the Group held
interest bearing liabilities of $395 million (30 June 2017: $435 million) which incurs interest at a variable rate. An increase/decrease
of variable interest rates of 0.25% will result in a $1.849 million (30 June 2017: 0.25%, $1.658million) increase/decrease in interest
expense relating to interest bearing liabilities.

(c) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
obligations and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers, and cash and investment securities held with banks.
At the balance sheet date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk given customers and banks have investment grade
credit ratings. The total trade and other receivables outstanding at 30 June 2018 was $71.296 million (30 June 2017: $63.119
million). Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June 2018 were $323.2 million (30 June 2017: $37.4 million).

(d) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. Prudent liquidity
risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and term deposits, the availability of funding through an adequate amount of
committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions. The Group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring
forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                    133




                                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018        133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      18 Financial risk management (continued)
      (d) Liquidity risk (continued)

      (i)    Financing arrangements
      The Group had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                        30 June        30 June
                                                                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                                                                           $'000          $'000

      Bank loans - revolving credit facility
         Expiring beyond one year                                                                                   350,000            300,000
                                                                                                                    350,000            300,000

      (ii)   Maturities of financial liabilities
      The tables below analyses the Group's financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:

      •      all non-derivative financial liabilities, and

      •      net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of
             the timing of the cash flows.

      The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying
      balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                       Carrying
                                                                             Between 1 Between 2                           Total        amount
                                                                   Less than     and 2     and 5              Over 5 contractual       (assets)/
                                                                      1 year     years     years               years cash flows       liabilities
                                                                       $'000     $'000     $'000               $'000       $'000          $'000

      At 30 June 2018
      Space
      Non-derivatives
      Trade and other payables                                       152,367            -            -              -       152,367   152,367
      Finance lease liabilities                                            -            -            -              -             -         -
      Other borrowings                                                     -            -            -              -             -         -
      Bank loans                                                     109,826      119,873      195,858              -       425,557   395,000
                                                                     262,193      119,873      195,858              -       577,924   547,367




      At 30 June 2017
      Space
      Non-derivatives
      Trade and other payables                                       156,627            -            -              -       156,627    156,627
      Finance lease liabilities                                        1,344            -            -              -         1,344      1,344
      Other borrowings                                                 6,870            -            -              -         6,870      6,870
      Bank loans                                                      64,356      163,660      233,036              -       461,052    435,000
                                                                     229,197      163,660      233,036              -       625,893    599,841




                                                                          134




134       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
18 Financial risk management (continued)
(e) Risk management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so as to
maintain a strong capital base sufficient to maintain future exploration and development of its projects. In order to maintain or adjust
the capital structure, the Group may return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. The Group’s
focus has been to raise sufficient funds through equity and debt capital markets to fund capital investment in working capital and
exploration and evaluation activities.

The Group monitors its liquidity through analysis of regular cash flow forecasts.

(i)    Loan covenants
The lenders have placed covenants over the Group's Senior Secured Revolving and Term Facility based on the current ratio,
leverage ratio, debt service ratio and the tangible net worth ratio. The Group has complied with these covenants during the year.


19 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
(a) Contingent liabilities
The Group had contingent liabilities at 30 June 2018 in respect of:

(i)    Claims
At the date of this report the Group was unaware of any material claims, actual or contemplated.

(ii)   Guarantees
The Group has provided bank guarantees in favour of various government authorities and service providers with respect to site
restoration, contractual obligations and premises at 30 June 2018. The total of these guarantees at 30 June 2018 was $132.356
million with various financial institutions (30 June 2017: $125.183 million).


20 Commitments
(a) Capital and lease commitments
(i)    Exploration expenditure commitments
In order to maintain current rights of tenure to exploration tenements the Group is required to perform minimum exploration work to
meet minimum expenditure requirements specified by various government authorities. These obligations are subject to renegotiation
when application for a mining lease is made and at various other times. These obligations are not provided for in the financial report
and are payable:

                                                                                                             30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                                                                $'000              $'000

Within one year                                                                                               10,479              7,529
Later than one year but not later than five years                                                             30,756             15,873
Later than five years                                                                                         40,236             31,707
                                                                                                              81,471             55,109




                                                                  135




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      20 Commitments (continued)
      (a) Capital and lease commitments

      (ii)   Capital commitments
      The Group has the following capital commitments in relation to capital projects and joint venture requirements at each of the sites.

                                                                                                                 30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                                    $'000              $'000

      Within one year                                                                                             17,619            26,227
                                                                                                                  17,619            26,227


      (iii) Non-cancellable operating leases
      The Group leases mining equipment, office space and small items of office equipment under operating leases. The leases typically
      run for one month to five years with an option to renew at the expiry of the lease period. None of these leases include contingent
      rentals.

                                                                                                                 30 June            30 June
                                                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                                                    $'000              $'000

      Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable operating leases are
      payable as follows:
      Within one year                                                                                             14,576            23,209
      Later than one year but not later than five years                                                            9,355             5,231
      Later than five years                                                                                        1,145                 -
                                                                                                                  25,076            28,440


      (b) Gold delivery commitments

                                                                                               Gold for                           Value of
                                                                                               physical       Contracted        committed
                                                                                               delivery       sales price            sales
                                                                                                     oz            A$/oz             $'000

      As at 30 June 2018
      Within one year                                                                          150,000             1,694           254,037
      Later than one year but not greater than five years                                      100,000             1,737           173,667
                                                                                               250,000             3,431           427,704



      As at 30 June 2017
      Within one year                                                                          208,495             1,567           319,156
      Later than one year but not greater than five years                                      250,000             1,711           427,705
                                                                                               458,495             3,278           746,861




                                                                       136




136     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
20 Commitments (continued)
(b) Gold delivery commitments
The counterparties to the physical gold delivery contracts are Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited ("ANZ"), National
Australia Bank Limited ("NAB"), Commonwealth Bank of Australia ("CBA"), Citibank N.A ("Citibank") and Societe Generale ("SG").
Contracts are settled on a quarterly basis by the physical delivery of gold per the banks instructions. The contracts are accounted for
as sale contracts with revenue recognised once the gold has been delivered to Macquarie, ANZ, NAB, WBC, CBA, Citibank, SG or
one of their agents. The physical gold delivery contracts are considered a contract to sell a non-financial item and is therefore out of
the scope of AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. As a result no derivatives are required to be
recognised. The Company has no other gold sale commitments with respect to its current operations.

21 Events occurring after the reporting period
No matter or circumstance has occurred subsequent to the year end that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the
operations of the Group, the results of those operations or state of affairs of the Group or economic entity in subsequent financial
years except for the following matters:

(a) Restructure of Ownership of Castle Hill Gold Deposit

On 18 July, the Company reached an agreement to terminate Norton Gold Field’s right to mine and process ore from the Castle Hill
deposit. This provides Evolution with full ownership and unfettered access to the deposit located 25km from the Mungari processing
facility. Castle Hill is estimated to contain Ore Reserves of 236,000oz which will provide a material extension to the operating life at
Mungari. Evolution will pay an initial up-front cash payment of $12 million (paid 31 July 2018), a further $3 million six months after
completion of the transaction and a 2% net smelter royalty over the first 38,000oz of gold production from certain tenements within
the Castle Hill deposit area.

(b) Resignation of La Mancha Directors

On 26 July, it was announced that La Mancha had undertaken a block trade monetisation of shares reducing its direct interest in
Evolution to 9.6%. In accordance with the terms of the Share Sale Agreement signed between Evolution and La Mancha in April
2015, La Mancha had the right to nominate Directors to the Board of Evolution provided that it held more than 10.0% of the shares
on issue in Evolution. La Mancha's nominee Directors, Mr Naguib Sawiris, Mr Sebastian de Montessus and their Alternate Director,
Mr Andrew Wray resigned from the Board of Directors of Evolution effective 1 August 2018.




                                                                  137




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      Other Information
      This section covers additional financial information and mandatory disclosures.


      22 Ernest Henry Operation
      (a) Description
      On 24 August 2016, the Group announced that through a wholly owned subsidiary, it had entered into a transaction with Glencore
      plc to acquire an economic interest in the Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation for an up-front payment of $880 million. This $880
      million up-front payment is recognised as a mine development asset. The Group also announced the entry into a strategic alliance
      with Glencore plc in respect of potential future regional acquisitions and the commitment the parties made to cooperate on
      exploration activities in the region surrounding Ernest Henry. The transaction was completed on 1 November 2016.

      Under the agreement, the Group has a right to the production output when produced in relation to 100% of future gold and 30% of
      future copper and silver from the agreed life of mine area. Copper and silver sales revenue are recognised in the same month as
      their production is reported as the production is in control of the purchaser (Glencore). Gold sales and gold revenues are recognised
      when the metal is received and sold by Evolution. In addition to the up-front payment, the Group must also contribute 30% of future
      production costs in respect of the life of mine area.

      The Group has agreed to an ongoing obligation to pay an amount equal to 49% of development and production costs in return for
      49% of future copper, gold and silver production from new reserves extending beyond the mine life at acquisition date.

      (b) Financial performance and position
      The below information presents the financial performance and balance sheet information of the Ernest Henry operation included in
      the Consolidated Financial Statements for the eight months ended 30 June 2017.

                                                                                                                30 June           30 June
                                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                                                   $'000             $'000

      Revenue (note 2)                                                                                          347,403           163,342
      Cost of sales (excluding amortisation)                                                                   (116,427)          (64,108)
      Amortisation                                                                                             (125,669)          (64,902)
      Profit before income tax                                                                                  105,307            34,332




                                                                      138




138    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
22 Ernest Henry Operation (continued)
(b) Financial performance and position (continued)
The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as at the period end were:

                                                                                                       30 June          30 June
                                                                                                          2018             2017
                                                                                                          $'000            $'000

Assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                            46,897            40,263
Inventories                                                                                            26,145            25,210
Mine Development                                                                                      696,548           811,178
Total assets                                                                                          769,590           876,651


Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                29,157           29,522
Total liabilities                                                                                       29,157           29,522


Net assets                                                                                             740,433          847,129



23 Related party transactions
(a) Parent entities
The ultimate parent entity within the Group is Evolution Mining Limited.

(b) Subsidiaries
Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 27.

(c) Key management personnel compensation

                                                                                                       30 June          30 June
                                                                                                          2018             2017
                                                                                                             $                $

Short-term employee benefits                                                                        7,888,131         6,907,351
Post-employment benefits                                                                              168,858           156,931
Share-based payments                                                                                4,646,895         2,939,830
                                                                                                   12,703,884        10,004,112

Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 86 to 101.




                                                                 139




                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      23 Related party transactions (continued)
      (d) Transactions with other related parties
      Directors fees in the amount of $115,000 were paid to International Mining and Finance Corp, a company of which Mr James Askew
      is a Director for services provided during the period (30 June 2017:$113,750).

      Directors fees in the amount of $300,000 were paid to DAK Corporation Pty Ltd, a company of which Mr Jacob Klein is a Director for
      services provided during the period (30 June 2017: $200,000).

      Directors fees in the amount of $135,000 were paid to Lazy 7 Pty Ltd, a company of which Mr Colin Johnstone is a Director for
      services provided during the period (30 June 2017: $137,748).

      Directors fees in the amount of $95,000 were paid to Mr Naguib Sawiris as a Director for services provided during the period (30
      June 2017: $95,000).

      Directors fees in the amount of $105,000 were paid to Mr Sebastien de Montessus as a Director for services provided during the
      period (30 June 2017: $104,375).


      24 Share-based payments
      (a) Types of share based payment plans
      The Group has two Option and Performance Rights plans in existence:

      (1) Employee Share Option and Performance Rights Plan (ESOP)
      The ESOP was established and approved at the Annual General Meeting on 23 November 2010, and amended on 19 October
      2011. The latest plan was approved at the Annual General Meeting on 26 November 2014 and permits the Company, at the
      discretion of the Directors, to grant both Options and Performance Rights over unissued ordinary shares of the Company to eligible
      Directors and members of staff as specified in the plan rules.

      (2) Non-Executive Director Equity Plan (NEDEP)
      The NEDEP was established and approved at the Annual General Meeting on 24 November 2016. The plan permits the Company,
      at the discretion of the Directors, to grant NED Share Rights as part of their remuneration.

      (b) Recognised share based payment expenses

                                                                                                          30 June 2018      30 June 2017
                                                                                                                 $'000             $'000

      Expense arising from equity settled share based payment transactions recognised in profit and
      loss                                                                                                       8,491             6,413


      (c) Summary and movement of NED Share Rights on issue
      The following table illustrates the number and movements in, Share Rights issued during the year.

                                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                                          Number                 Number
       Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                                                     97,788                     -
       Share Rights granted                                                                               116,879                 97,788
       Vested                                                                                             (97,788)                     -
       Lapsed                                                                                                    -                     -
       Forfeited                                                                                                 -                     -
       Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                                         116,879                 97,788




                                                                      140




140    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
24 Share-based payments (continued)
(c) Summary and movement of NED Share Rights on issue (continued)


There were 116,879 Share Rights granted during the 2018 financial year. Provided the NEDs remain directors of Evolution, Share
Rights will vest and automatically exercise 12 months after the grant date of 23 November 2017.

(d) Fair value determination
During the year, the Company issued two allotments of performance rights that will vest on 30 June 2020. They have four
performance components being a Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) condition, an absolute TSR condition, a Growth in Earnings per
share (“EPS”) condition and a Growth in Ore Reserves condition.

(i)    TSR Performance Right Valuation
The fair value of the TSR Performance Rights (market-based condition) was estimated at the date of grant using Monte Carlo
simulation, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the awards were granted.

(ii)   Absolute TSR Performance Right Valuation
The Absolute TSR Performance Right Valuation will be measured as the cumulative annual TSR over the three year period ending
30 June 2020.

(iii) Growth in Earnings per Share
The growth in Earnings per Share is measured as the cumulative annual growth rate in EPS, excluding non recurring items over the
three year period ending 30 June 2020.

(iv) Growth in Ore Reserves per Share
The growth in Ore Reserves per share is measured by comparing the Baseline measure of the Ore Reserves as at 31 December
2015, to the Ore Reserves as at 31 December 2018 on a per share basis, with testing to be performed at 30 June 2019.

The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the Performance Rights granted for the period:


                                                    TSR           Absolute TSR           Growth in EPS            Growth in Ore
                                                                                                                  Reserves
 September 2017 Performance Rights issue
 Number of rights issued               1,516,766                       1,516,766               1,516,766               1,516,766
 Spot price ($)                            2.410                           2.410                   2.410                   2.410
 Risk-free rate (%)                         2.05                            2.05                    2.05                    2.05
 Term (years)                                2.8                             2.8                     2.8                      2.8
 Volatility (%)                               58                              58                      58                      58
 Fair value at grant date ($)               1.51                            1.28                    2.26                    2.26

 February 2018 Performance Rights issue
 Number of rights issued                        130,627                  130,627                 130,627                 130,627
 Spot price ($)                                   2.810                    2.810                   2.810                   2.810
 Risk-free rate (%)                                2.05                     2.05                    2.05                    2.05
 Term (years)                                       2.4                      2.4                      2.4                     2.4
 Volatility (%)                                      53                       53                      53                      53
 Fair value at grant date ($)                      1.85                     1.55                    2.66                    2.66


The volatility above was determined with reference to historical volatility but also incorporates factors that management believes will
impact the actual volatility of the Company’s shares in future periods.

Recognition and measurement
The Group provides benefits to its employees (including Key Management Personnel) in the form of share-based payments,
whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions).




                                                                 141




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      24 Share-based payments (continued)
      Recognition and measurement (continued)
      Vesting conditions that are linked to the price of shares of the Company (market conditions) are taken into account when
      determining the fair value of equity settled transactions. Other vesting conditions such as service conditions are excluded from the
      measurement of fair value but are considered in estimating the number of investments that may ultimately vest.

      The cost of these equity-settled transactions is measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the date at which
      they are granted.

      The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the
      performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled (“the vesting period”).

      The charge to the Statement of Profit or Loss for the period is the cumulative amount as calculated above less the amounts already
      recognised in previous periods. There is a corresponding entry to equity.

      Accounting estimates and judgements
      The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of equity instruments at
      the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external specialist using an option pricing model, based off
      the assumptions detailed above.


      25 Remuneration of auditors
      During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related practices
      and non-related audit firms:

      (a) PricewaterhouseCoopers

                                                                                                                       2018               2017
                                                                                                                          $                  $

      Audit and other assurance services
      Audit and review of financial statements                                                                     510,920           511,940
      Other assurance services
          Assurance related services                                                                                     -           140,413
      Total remuneration for audit and other assurance services                                                    510,920           652,353


      Taxation services
      Tax compliance services                                                                                            -            89,391
      Tax advisory services                                                                                          8,670           402,939
      Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                       8,670           492,330


      Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                 519,590          1,144,683




                                                                        142




142    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
25 Remuneration of auditors (continued)
(b) Non-PricewaterhouseCoopers related audit firms

                                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                                                $                 $

Audit and other assurance services
Other assurance services
    Internal audit services                                                                              168,971           114,348
    Other assurance services                                                                             259,965            20,000
Total remuneration for audit and other assurance services                                                428,936           134,348

Taxation services
Tax compliance services                                                                                  397,215           111,861
Tax advisory services                                                                                    254,242           291,424
Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                 651,457           403,285


Total remuneration of non-PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms                                           1,080,393           537,633



Total auditors' remuneration                                                                           1,599,983         1,682,316


It is the Group's policy to employ PricewaterhouseCoopers on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where
PricewaterhouseCoopers's expertise and experience with the Group are important. These assignments are principally tax advice
and due diligence on acquisitions, or where PricewaterhouseCoopers is awarded assignments on a competitive basis. It is the
Group's policy to seek competitive tenders for all major consulting projects.


26 Deed of cross guarantee
Evolution Mining Limited and those entities identified in note 27 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each
Company guarantees the debts of the others. By entering into the deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the
requirement to prepare a financial report and Directors' Report under Class Order 98/1418 (as amended) issued by the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission.

The companies identified above represent a 'closed group' for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to
the deed of cross guarantee that are controlled by Evolution Mining Limited, they also represent the 'extended closed group'.

The Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, and summary of
movements in consolidated retained earnings for the year ended 30 June 2018 of the closed group is equal to the Consolidated
Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, and Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity of the Group.




                                                                143




                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      27 Interests in other entities
      (a) Significant investments in subsidiaries
      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following principal subsidiaries in
      accordance with the accounting policy described below:

                                                                                                                      Equity holding
                                                                         Country of                                 2018          2017
      Name of entity                                                   incorporation        Class of shares          %             %

      Evolution Mining Management Services Pty Ltd                         Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Conquest Mining Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                                     Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Edna May Ops Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                                        Australia            Ordinary                    -            100
      Mt Rawdon Operations Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                                Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Westonia Mines Minerals Pty Ltd (i)                                  Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Lion Selection Pty Ltd (i)                                           Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Auselect Pty Ltd (i)                                                 Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Lion Mining Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                                         Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Sedgold Pty Ltd (i)                                                  Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Fernyside Pty Ltd (i)                                                Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Tennant Creek Pty Ltd (ii)                                 Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining NZ Pty Ltd (ii)                                     Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining (Cowal) Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                            Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining Mungari Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                            Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Toledo Holding (Ausco) Pty Ltd (i)                                   Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining (Mungari East) Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                     Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining (Phoenix) Pty Limited (i) (ii)                      Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Hayes Mining Pty Ltd (i)                                             Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining (Aurum 2) Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                          Australia            Ordinary                  100            100
      Evolution Mining (Connors Arc) Pty Ltd (i) (ii)                      Australia            Ordinary                  100              -
      Evolution Mining (Canada Holdings) Ltd (ii)                          Canada               Ordinary                  100              -
      Evolution Mining Management Services (Canada) Ltd (ii)               Canada               Ordinary                  100              -

      (i)       These subsidiaries have been granted relief from the necessity to prepare financial reports in accordance with Class Order
                98/1418 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. For further information refer to note 26.
      (ii)      These entities are considered to be the material controlled entities of the Group. Their principal activities are identifying,
                developing and operating gold related projects.

      Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the
      proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. The country of incorporation or registration is also
      their principal place of business.




                                                                         144




144     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
28 Parent entity financial information
The financial information for the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
financial statements.

(b) Summary financial information
The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                                            $'000             $'000

Balance sheet
Space
Assets
Current assets                                                                                           316,591            27,659
Non-current assets                                                                                     2,065,188         2,385,766
Total assets                                                                                           2,381,779         2,413,425


Liabilities
Current liabilities                                                                                      158,438           101,283
Non-current liabilities                                                                                  294,284           406,690
Total liabilities                                                                                        452,722           507,973


Net assets                                                                                             1,929,057         1,905,452


Shareholders' equity
Space
Issued capital                                                                                         2,183,727         2,183,727
Reserves
    Fair Value revaluation reserve                                                                         1,131             3,042
    Share based payment reserve                                                                           45,566            37,075
Accumulated losses                                                                                      (301,367)         (318,392)
Total equity                                                                                           1,929,057         1,905,452


Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
Space
Profit for the year                                                                                      126,882            82,842
Other comprehensive expense                                                                                    -                 -
Total comprehensive expense                                                                              126,882            82,842

(c) Guarantees entered into by the parent entity

The parent entity has provided bank guarantees, as detailed in note 19.

(d) Contingent liabilities of the parent entity

The parent entity did not have any contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2018 or 30 June 2017. For information about guarantees given
by the parent entity, please see above.




                                                                145




                                                                                       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018     145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      29 Summary of significant accounting policies
      (a) Basis of preparation
      This financial report is a general purpose financial report, prepared by a for-profit entity, in accordance with the requirements of the
      Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting
      Standards Board (AASB).

      The financial report also complies with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) including interpretations as issued by
      the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

      The financial report has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments and available-for-sale
      assets which have been measured at fair value.

      The financial report has been presented in Australian (AU) dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest AU$1,000 (AU$'000)
      unless otherwise stated.

      The accounting policies have been consistently applied by all entities included in the Group and are consistent with those applied in
      the prior year.

      (b) Principles of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited, and its
      controlled entities (referred to as 'the Consolidated Entity' or 'the Group' in these financial statements). A list of significant controlled
      entities (subsidiaries) is presented in note 27.

      Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has
      the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if
      facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one of more of the three elements of control. Specifically the Group
      controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has all of the following:

      •      Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);

      •      Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

      •      The ability to use its control over the investee to affect its returns.

      Non- controlling interests in the results and equity of the entities that are controlled by the Group is shown separately in the
      Statement of Profit or Loss or Other Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet and Statement of Changes in Equity respectively.

      (c) Foreign currency translation

      (i)    Functional and presentation currency
      The presentation currency of the Group is Australian dollars. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and
      items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

      (ii)   Transactions and balances
      Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the date of the
      transaction. The subsequent payment or receipt of funds related to a transaction is translated at the rate applicable on the date of
      payment or receipt. Monetary assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange
      ruling at the reporting date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
      using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial transaction.

      All exchange differences in the consolidated financial statements are taken to the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income and
      accumulated in a reserve.




                                                                              146




146       Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
29 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
(c) Foreign currency translation (continued)

(iii) Translation
The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with functional currency other than Australian dollars (being the presentation currency of the
Group) are translated into Australian dollars at the exchange rate at the reporting date and the Statement of Profit or Loss is
translated at the average exchange rate for the period. On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of these
subsidiaries are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.

(d) Intangible assets

(i)   Mining tenements, mining rights and mining information
Mining tenements have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less, where applicable, any accumulated amortisation and
accumulated impairment losses. The carrying values of mining tenements and mining rights are reviewed to ensure they are not in
excess of their recoverable amounts. Amortisation of mining tenements and mining rights commences from the date when
commercial production commences or in the case of the acquisitions, from the date of acquisition and is charged to the profit or loss.
Mining tenements are amortised over the life of the mine using units of production basis in ounces.

Mining information has a finite useful life and is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Mining information amortisation is
recognised over the period that the information is expected to remain relevant.

The amortisation of the above intangibles is classified as a cost of sale.


30 New accounting standards
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2018 reporting
periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group’s assessment of the impact of these new standards and
interpretations is set out below.

  Title of          Nature of change                        Impact                                                   Mandatory
  standard                                                                                                           application
                                                                                                                     date/ Date of
                                                                                                                     adoption by
                                                                                                                     group

  AASB 15           The AASB has issued a new               Management has assessed the effects of applying          Mandatory for
  Revenue           standard for the recognition of         the new standard on the group’s financial                financial years
  from              revenue. This will replace AASB 118     statements and on the recognition of revenue             commencing on
  Contracts         which covers contracts for goods        derived through the sale of gold and concentrate.        or after 1
  with              and services and AASB 111 which         Management have concluded that there is no               January 2018.
  Customers         covers construction contracts.          material impact in the treatment of revenue
                                                            recognition following transition to AASB 15.
                    The new standard is based on the
                    principle that revenue is recognised    The new standard introduces new disclosure
                    when control of a good or service       requirements. These are expected to change the
                    transfers to a customer.                nature and extent of the group’s disclosures with
                                                            regards to revenue particularly in the year of the
                    The standard permits either a full      adoption of the new standard.
                    retrospective or a modified
                    retrospective approach for the
                    adoption.




                                                                  147




                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (continued)
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      30 New accounting standards (continued)
       Title of      Nature of change         Impact                                                                         Mandatory
       standard                                                                                                              application
                                                                                                                             date/ Date
                                                                                                                             of adoption
                                                                                                                             by group

       AASB 9        AASB 9 addresses         The group has reviewed its financial assets and liabilities and is             Must be
       Financial     the classification,      expecting the following impact from the adoption of the new standard on        applied for
       Instruments   measurement and          1 July 2018:                                                                   financial
                     derecognition of                                                                                        years
                     financial assets and     Financial assets held by the group are broken down as follows:                 commencing
                     financial liabilities,   • Equity instruments currently classified as Available For Sale (AFS) for      on or after 1
                     introduces new rules     which a Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)                  January
                     for hedge                election is available;                                                         2018. The
                     accounting and a         • Cash and cash equivalents including current accounts and short-term          group will
                     new impairment           term deposits, and;                                                            apply the
                     model for financial      • Trade receivables currently held at cost, to be measured at amortised        new rules
                     assets.                  cost under the classification conditions for AASB 9.                           retrospectively
                                                                                                                             from 1 July
                                              The group does not expect the new guidance to affect the classification
                                                                                                                             2018, with
                                              and measurement of these financial assets. However, gains or losses
                                                                                                                             the practical
                                              realised on the sale of financial assets designated as FVOCI will no
                                                                                                                             expedients
                                              longer be transferred to profit or loss on sale, but instead reclassified
                                                                                                                             permitted
                                              below the line from the FVOCI reserve to retained earnings. During the
                                                                                                                             under the
                                              2018 financial year, no gains or losses were recognised in profit or loss
                                                                                                                             standard.
                                              in relation to the disposal of available-for-sale financial assets.
                                                                                                                             Comparatives
                                              There will be no impact on the group’s accounting for financial liabilities,   for FY18 will
                                              as the new requirements only affect the accounting for financial liabilities   not be
                                              that are designated at fair value through profit or loss and the group         restated.
                                              does not have any such liabilities. The derecognition rules have been
                                              transferred from AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and
                                              Measurement and have not been changed.

                                              The new hedge accounting rules under AASB 9 have no impact as the
                                              group is not currently hedge accounting.

                                              The new impairment model requires the recognition of impairment
                                              provisions based on expected credit losses (ECL) rather than only
                                              incurred credit losses as is the case under AASB 139. It applies to
                                              financial assets classified at amortised cost, debt instruments measured
                                              at FVOCI, contract assets under AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                                              Customers, lease receivables, loan commitments and certain financial
                                              guarantee contracts. Based on the assessments undertaken to date, the
                                              group expects no impact on the allowances for trade receivables or
                                              cash and cash equivalents as the only applicable financial assets.

                                              The new standard also introduces expanded disclosure requirements
                                              and changes in presentation. These are expected to change the nature
                                              and extent of the group’s disclosures about its financial instruments
                                              particularly in the year of the adoption of the new standard.




                                                                     148




148   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30 New accounting standards (continued)
 Title of         Nature of change                        Impact                                                   Mandatory
 standard                                                                                                          application
                                                                                                                   date/ Date of
                                                                                                                   adoption by
                                                                                                                   group

 AASB 16          AASB 16 was issued in February          The standard will affect primarily the accounting for    Mandatory for
 Leases           2016. It will result in almost all      the Group’s operating leases. As at the reporting        financial years
                  leases being recognised on the          date, the Group has non-cancellable operating            commencing on
                  balance sheet, as the distinction       lease commitments of $25.076 million, see note 20.       or after 1
                  between operating and finance                                                                    January 2019.
                  leases is removed. Under the new        To date, the group has focussed on the provisions        At this stage,
                  standard, an asset (the right to use    of the standard that will most impact the financial      the Group does
                  the leased item) and a financial        results. Below is a summary of the work performed        not intend to
                  liability to pay rentals are            and the assessed impact of the new standard:             adopt the
                  recognised. The only exceptions are                                                              standard before
                  short-term and low-value leases.        • Data gathering: Site and group data has been           its effective
                                                          collated related to contracts that may contain a         date.
                                                          lease.

                                                          • Data integrity and analysis: a number of the           The group
                                                          identified contracts are covered by the exception for    intends to apply
                                                          short-term and low-value leases and some                 the modified
                                                          commitments may relate to arrangements that will         retrospective
                                                          not qualify as leases under AASB 16.                     transition
                                                                                                                   approach and
                                                          • Modelling of transition options: Review of the         will not restate
                                                          transition options indicates that there is not a         comparative
                                                          material difference to the group between the three       amounts for the
                                                          transition methodologies. Accordingly, the group         year prior to first
                                                          intends to apply the modified retrospective transition   adoption.
                                                          approach.

                                                          • Financial reporting: Preliminary review results
                                                          indicate that under the requirements of AASB 16, a
                                                          lease asset and liability would be recorded on
                                                          balance sheet of approximately $20m-$25m if the
                                                          standard applied at 30 June 2018.


                                                          Work will continue during FY19 on the
                                                          implementation of processes and systems prior to
                                                          the effective date of 1 July 2019.



There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a material impact on the entity in the
current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.




                                                                 149




                                                                                        Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018      149
      Director’s Declaration
      Directors' Declaration

      In the Directors' opinion:

      (a)      the financial statements and notes set out on pages 105 to 149 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
               (i)        complying with Accounting Standard, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional
                          reporting requirements, and
               (ii)       giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its performance
                          for the year ended on that date, and
      (b)      there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
               payable.
      (c)      at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended closed group
               identified in note 26 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of
               the deed of cross guarantee described in note 26.

      Note 29(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
      International Accounting Standards Board.

      The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by section 295A
      of the Corporations Act 2001.

      This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




      Jacob (Jake) Klein                                                  Andrea Hall
      Executive Chairman                                                  Chair of the Audit Committee




      Sydney




                                                                         150




150    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
    Independent auditor’s report
    To the members of Evolution Mining Limited

    Report on the audit of the financial report
    Independent
    Our opinion
                auditor’s report
    To the members of Evolution Mining Limited
    In our opinion:
    The accompanying
    Report     on thefinancial
                        audit report
                                  of theof financial
                                           Evolution Mining Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities
                                                       report
    (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

    Oura)opinion
           giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its financial
            performance for the year then ended
    In our opinion:
        b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
    The accompanying financial report of Evolution Mining Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities
    (together
    What   wethe Group)
               have     is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                    audited
    The a)
        Group   financial
             giving a truereport comprises:
                           and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its financial
    •      the consolidated statement then
             performance   for the year       ended
                                        of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 30
        b) June  2018 with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
             complying
    •      the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2018
    What we have audited
    •      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
    The Group financial report comprises:
    •      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
    ••     the
           the consolidated  statement offinancial
               notes to the consolidated  profit or statements,
                                                    loss and other comprehensive
                                                                which             income of
                                                                      include a summary  forsignificant
                                                                                             the year ended  30
                                                                                                        accounting
           June  2018
           policies
    ••         the consolidated
               the directors’    balance sheet as at 30 June 2018
                              declaration.
    •          the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
    •Basis the
            for opinion
               consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
    • conducted
    We    the notesour
                    to audit
                       the consolidated  financial
                             in accordance         statements,
                                            with Australian    which include
                                                            Auditing          a summary
                                                                      Standards.           of significantunder
                                                                                  Our responsibilities    accounting
                                                                                                               those
          policies
    standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section
    • our report.
    of    the directors’ declaration.

    Basis
    We      for that
        believe opinion
                     the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
    opinion.
    We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
    standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section
    Independence
    of our report.
    We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
    Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards
    We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
    Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of
    opinion.
    the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
    the Code.
    Independence
    We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
    Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards
    Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of
    the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
    the Code.



         PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
         One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
         T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
         Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
         T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

         Liability limited by a scheme approvedABN
         PricewaterhouseCoopers,                under52 780
                                                      Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                               433 757
         One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
         T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       151
         Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
         T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)


      Our audit approach
      An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
      material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
      individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
      taken on the basis of the financial report.

      We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on
      the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Group,
      its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                  Materiality                              Audit scope                         Key audit matters

       •    For the purpose of our audit       •     Our audit focused on where        •   Amongst other relevant topics,
            we used overall Group                    the Group made subjective             we communicated the following
            materiality of $19.9 million,            judgements; for example,              key audit matters to the Audit
            which represents                         significant accounting                Committee:
            approximately 2.5% of the                estimates involving
            Group’s earnings before                  assumptions and inherently            −    Valuation of assets at
            interest, tax, depreciation and          uncertain future events.                   Mungari and Cowal
            amortisation (EBITDA).
                                               •     Our audit procedures were             −    Assessment of the carrying
       •    We applied this threshold,               predominantly performed at                 value of assets
            together with qualitative                the Group’s corporate office in
            considerations, to determine             Sydney. We also conducted         •   These are further described in
            the scope of our audit and the           site visits to the Mt Carlton         the Key audit matters section
            nature, timing and extent of             mine site.                            of our report.
            our audit procedures and to
            evaluate the effect of
            misstatements on the
            financial report as a whole.

       •    We chose EBITDA because, in
            our view, it is the benchmark
            against which the
            performance of the Group is
            most commonly measured.

       •    We utlised a 2.5% threshold
            based on our professional
            judgement, noting it is within
            the range of commonly
            acceptable thresholds.




                                                          152
152    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit
procedure is made in that context.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                        matter

 Valuation of assets held at Mungari and
 Cowal (Refer to note 3, 7 and 8)                       We have performed the following procedures,
                                                        amongst others, to assess the valuations and
 The Group obtained external valuations of the open     associated accounting and tax impact:
 cut pit mine development and property, plant and
 equipment at Cowal and the open cut pit and            For the external valuations we:
 underground mine development at Mungari. The           • read the valuation reports and considered the
 valuations were conducted principally to obtain            approach applied by the external valuer,
 accurate values for the assets to support the          • assessed the competency and capabilities of
 Group’s income tax positions.                              the external valuer,
                                                        • read the valuer’s terms of engagement and did
 The resulting consequence of the valuations are as         not identify any terms that might affect their
 follows:                                                   objectivity or impose limitations on their work
                                                            relevant to the valuation,
     •    A current year balance sheet                  • Agreed the impact of the valuations to the
          reclassification of $90.5 million from            Group’s accounting records.
          Property, Plant and Equipment to Mine
          Development, with a resulting $2.9 million    For the associated accounting impact, we
          of additional mine development                recalculated the accuracy of the balance sheet
          amortisation recognised in the current        reclassification and the resulting additional
          year,                                         depreciation recognised as a result of the
     •    A reduction in income tax expense for the     reclassification.
          current year of $22.7m due to net
          additional tax values of the assets.          For the associated tax consequences we, in
                                                        conjunction with our tax experts:
 This was a key audit matter because of the:                • examined position papers prepared by
                                                                 management
     •    Inherent subjective nature and judgment           • held various discussions with management
          involved in the assumptions applied with               to discuss tax positions and approach in
                                                                 relation to the valuations performed and
          valuations
                                                                 proposed amendments to prior tax
     •    Relative size of Mine Development and                  returns.
          Property, Plant and Equipment balance in
          the consolidated balance sheet
     •    Significant judgement involved in
          assessing the tax position taken and the
          quantum of the additional tax benefit
          obtained as a result of the valuations
          performed.




                                               153


                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   153
      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)


      Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                               matter

      Assessment of the carrying value of assets               We evaluated the Group’s assessment of indicators
      (Refer to note 7 and 8)                                  of impairment or reversal of impairment and its
                                                               conclusion not to recognise an impairment or
      At 30 June 2018, the Group held mine                     impairment reversal.
      development and exploration assets of $1,744
      million and property, plant and equipment of $572        In particular, we assessed the appropriateness of
      million.                                                 the impairment assessment that no internal or
                                                               external indicators of impairment exist by
      In line with the requirements of AASB 136, the           evaluating the current year financial performance
      Group has assessed whether there is an indication        of each CGU and the budget and forecast as well as
      that an asset may be impaired. This assessment           evaluating external market data.
      considered performance against budget, adverse
      changes in the business or regulatory environment        In regards to the impairment reversal for Mt
      and changes to other key assumptions that affect         Carlton, we performed the following:
      cash flows and discount rates. The Group identified
      no indicators of impairment for any Cash                 •   compared the current year US$ gold prices to
      Generating Unit (“CGU”).                                     the US$ gold prices when the impairment
                                                                   occurred
      AASB 136 also requires an assessment at each
      reporting date whether there is an indication that       •   compared current gold price forecasts to gold
      an impairment loss recognised in prior periods               price forecasts when the impairment occurred
      may no longer exist or may have decreased. If any
      such indication exists, the Group shall determine        •   considered the Group’s calculations of
      whether all or part of the prior impairment loss             recoverable amount, including sensitivities of
      need to be reversed.                                         key assumptions, and compared them to the
                                                                   carrying value of the Mt Carlton assets
      The Group previously recognised impairment
      losses of $148.6 million relating to the carrying        •   analysed market data for recent gold mine
      value of Mt Carlton’s non-current assets in 2013 as          transactions and compared to the carrying
      a result of the fall in the gold price combined with a       value of the Mt Carlton assets.
      compression of valuations in the gold industry.
                                                               We also evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures
      The Group performed an assessment of whether to          made in the note 8 in light of the requirements of
      reverse a portion of the previously recognised           Australian Accounting Standards.
      impairment losses related to Mt Carlton up to the
      carrying amount that would have been determined
      (net of amortisation) had no impairment loss been
      recognised. The assessment focused on changes in
      macro-economic factors, operating and financial
      performance for the period, and updates to mine
      plans. The Group anticipates continued strong
      performance at Mt Carlton which, together with
      the wider recovery of some gold prices, provides
      evidence that conditions leading to its past
      impairment may no longer be present. This is an
      indicator that the mine assets should be considered
      for reversal of impairment.

      The assessment of the carrying values of assets was
      a key audit matter due to the significant judgement
      involved in the determination as to whether or not
      an impairment charge or reversal relating to an
      asset or CGU is required.




                                                     154
154   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)


Other information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information included in the Group’s
annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018 comprises the Director’s Report (but does not include the
financial report and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s
report. We also expect other information to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and Corporations Act 2001 and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that
gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of the financial report.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
and Assurance Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf.
This description forms part of our auditor's report.




                                                155
                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   155
      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)


      Report on the remuneration report
      Our opinion on the remuneration report
      We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 86 to 101 of the directors’ report for the
      year ended 30 June 2018.

      In our opinion, the remuneration report of Evolution Mining Limited for the year ended 30 June 2018
      complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

      Responsibilities
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration
      report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
      opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
      Standards.




      PricewaterhouseCoopers




      Marc Upcroft                                                                                       Sydney
      Partner                                                                                     17 August 2018




                                                     156
156    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Shareholder Information


Capital (as at 27 September 2018)
Share Capital                                                                                             1,696,675,463
Ordinary shareholders                                                                                            20,548
Shareholdings with less than a marketable parcel of $500 worth of ordinary shares                                   966
Market price                                                                                                     A$2.64



Distribution of Fully Paid Shares (as at 27 September 2018)
Range                               Securities                      %          No. of Holders                            %
100,001 and Over                 1,548,337,088                  91.26                       274                      1.33
10,001 to 100,000                  99,082,246                    5.84                     3,855                    18.76
5,001 to 10,000                    24,876,915                     1.47                     3,311                    16.11
1,001 to 5,000                      21,771,833                    1.28                    7,963                    38.75
1 to 1,000                           2,607,381                    0.15                     5,145                  25.04
Total                           1,696,675,463                 100.00                    20,548                   100.00
Unmarketable Parcels                   47,402                    0.00                       966                     4.70



Substantial Shareholders (as at 27 September 2018)
                                                                                 Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
                                                                                       Number                            %
La Mancha Group International BV                                                     161,891,807                    9.54
Van Eck Global                                                                      237,760,469                     14.01


Total                                                                            399,652,276                     23.55%




                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018       157
      Shareholder Information (continued)


      Twenty Largest Shareholders (as at 27 September 2018)
                                                                   Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
      Name                                                 Current balance         Issued capital %
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                     634,465,783                       37.39
      J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                          341,212,175                       20.11
      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                  276,587,196                      16.30
      NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                      75,623,736                        4.46
      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                   33,312,932                        1.96
      BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                       18,573,836                        1.09
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA             14,345,892                        0.85
      BRISPOT NOMINEES PTY LTD                                       12,550,549                        0.74
      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                   9,264,513                        0.55
      NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                       8,851,406                        0.52
      ROXI PTY LIMITED                                                 7,337,371                       0.43
      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                       6,639,806                        0.39
      SMARTEQUITY EIS PTY LTD                                          5,428,171                       0.32
      AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                4,777,489                        0.28
      LUJETA PTY LTD                                                  4,428,723                        0.26
      UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                             4,189,751                       0.25
      PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                  4,052,188                        0.24
      ZERO NOMINEES PTY LTD                                          3,880,000                         0.23
      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                    3,546,354                        0.21
      CS THIRD NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                   3,343,936                       0.20


      Total                                                        1,472,411,807                      86.78
      TOTAL
      Balance of Register                                          1,472,411,807                      86.78
      Grand TOTAL                                                  224,263,656                        13.22
                                                                  1,696,675,463                  100.00



      1.5      Share Buy-Backs
      There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.



      2.       Other Information




158    Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
Corporate Information


ABN 74 084 669 036



Board of Directors
Jacob (Jake) Klein               Executive Chairman

Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway         Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer

Colin (Cobb) Johnstone           Lead Independent Director

James (Jim) Askew                Non-Executive Director

Graham Freestone                 Non-Executive Director

Thomas (Tommy) McKeith           Non-Executive Director

Andrea Hall                      Non-Executive Director



Company Secretary
Evan Elstein



Registered Office                                                 Auditor
Level 24, 175 Liverpool Street                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
SYDNEY NSW 2000                                                   One International Towers Sydney
                                                                  Watermans Quay
                                                                  BARANGAROO NSW 2000
Postal Address
                                                                  T:      +61 2 8266 0000
Level 24, 175 Liverpool Street                                    F:      +61 2 8266 9999
SYDNEY NSW 2000
T:     +61 2 9696 2900
F:     +61 2 9696 2901
                                                                  Website
                                                                  www.evolutionmining.com.au

Share Register
Link Market Services                                              Stock Exchange Listing
Level 12, 680 George Street                                       Evolution Mining Limited (EVN) shares are listed
SYDNEY NSW 2000                                                   on the Australian Securities Exchange
T:     +61 1300 554 474
F:     +61 2 9287 0303
Email: registrars@linkmarketservices.com.au




                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018   159
                                               This page has been left blank intentionally




160   Evolution Mining Limited Annual Report 2018
 Level 24, 175 Liverpool Street SYDNEY NSW 2000
 +61 2 9696 2900      +61 2 9696 2901      ASX: EVN



   W W W. E VO L U T I O N M I N I N G .C O M . A U
