10 Years of
   Evolution




               Annual
               Report
                2021
  10 years of Evolution

           Mungari – Cornerstone asset
     Kundana Assets Acquisition elevates Mungari to a
                                   cornerstone asset             Battle North Acquisition proximal to Red Lake:
Acquisition of Kundana Operations, EKJV (51%), Carbine
                               Project and WKJV (75%)     2021   Unlocking value and extending mine life through
                                                                 acquiring proximal deposits

                               Crush Creek Acquisition:
                   Unlocking value and extending mine            Red Lake – Cornerstone asset
                      life through earn-in agreements.           Red Lake Acquisition


                                                          2020
                                 Cracow Divestment:              Unlocking value in an under-capitalised asset
                    Lowering Group AISC1,2 by A$20/oz            with significant mine life




                                                                 Evolution’s inaugural entry in the Dow

                                                          2019   Jones Sustainability Index – Australia,
                                                                 one of only two gold companies


                                 Edna May Divestment:
                   Divested due to low margins3 (18%)
                    compared to the rest of the Group
                (49%), reducing Group AISC by A$50/oz     2017   Evolution enters ASX 100


                                                                 Marsden Acquisition:
                                                                 Strategic acquisition of the nearest known
                                                                 sizeable copper-gold deposit to Cowal
     Ernest Henry – Cornerstone asset                            Pajingo Divestment:

                                                          2016
                       Ernest Henry Economic Interest            Divested due to lack of strategic fit in the
                    Reducing Group AISC by A$100/oz              portfolio, reducing Group AISC costs by A$15/oz


               Cowal – Cornerstone asset
                                     Cowal Acquisition           Mungari Acquisition:
                Reducing Group AISC by A$100/oz and
                          extending portfolio mine life   2015   Reducing Group AISC by A$30/oz
                                                                 and extending portfolio mine life




                                                          2013   Mt Carlton produces first concentrate,
                                                                 reducing Group AISC by A$25/oz




                                                          2012   Evolution enters ASX 200


                                                                 1. Cost reductions refer to contribution to Group
                            Evolution Formed                        AISC for a given financial year
        Conquest Mining and Catalpa Resources merge
             to form Evolution Mining November 2011       2011   2. Based on FY20 performance
                                                                 3. Based on EBITDA margin
We have come
a long way!
Execution of our growth strategy has delivered four cornerstone assets




               Cowal Expansion to 350kozpa in
                     FY24 – 17+ year mine life
      Investment in the development of the Cowal Underground
      project and longer-term development of satellite open pits
       is expected to increase the operation’s annual production
               to over 350koz and extend mine life to 17+ years




                                                                    Red Lake Transformation to 350kozpa in
                                                                    FY26 – 15+ year mine life
                                                                    Investing in mine development and exploration milling
                                                                    expansions to restore Red Lake to a premier Canadian gold mine
                                                                    targeting 350kozpa in FY26 and to extend mine life 15+ years




            Ernest Henry Extension – Mine life
                   extension below 1,200mRL
Current drill program testing extension of the ore body below the
  current reserves at 1,200mRL is expected to deliver 3 – 5 year
 mine life extension and will provide increased copper exposure




                                                                    Mungari Plant Expansion, 200kozpa
                                                                    objective – 13+ year mine life
                                                                    Kundana Assets to provide a high-grade ore source and support
                                                                    a potential mill expansion to 4.2Mtpa at Mungari with the
                                                                    objective of achieving an increase in production to 200kozpa and
                                                                    extend mine life to 13+ years – mill expansion studies in progress




                                                                                    Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 1
                                                   Our vision
                                                   Inspired people creating a premier,
                                                   global, gold company


                                                   Our strategy
                                                   ß Prioritise margin over ounces approach, maintaining a
                                                     portfolio of 6 to 8 assets generating superior returns with an
                                                     average mine life of at least 10 years
                                                   ß Build a reputation for sustainability, reliability and
                                                     transparency
                                                   ß Embed financial discipline across the business
                                                   ß Maintain an active pipeline of quality exploration and
                                                     development projects
                                                   ß Open to all quality gold, silver and copper-gold
                                                     value accretive investments




                                                   Our values
                                                                   Safety
                                                                   Think before we act,
                                                                   every job, every day




                                                                   Excellence
                                                                   We take pride in our work, deliver our
                                                                   best and always strive to improve




                                                                   Accountability
                                                                   If it is my responsibility,
                                                                   I own it – good or bad




                                                                   Respect
                                                                   We trust each other, act honestly
                                                                   and consider each other’s opinion




2 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
10 years of sharing the
benefits of mining
~A$10.6B                                       Provision of career opportunities through
                                               workplace programs
Economic contributions since inception
– helping to build vital infrastructure        69 graduate roles
and fund essential community services
in Australia and Canada                        41 apprenticeships
~A$600M                                        64 vacation roles
In combined regional and direct spend
since inception
                                               Diversity and
                                               Inclusion focus
A$17M                                          to provide equal employment opportunities in
Community Investment including sponsorships,   mining for everyone
donations and Shared Value projects



67%                                            Emergency Response
Local employment                               Teams on call
                                               to assist with emergency incidents within our
                                               local communities including in drought, fire
                                               and flood events



                                               Collaboration
                                               with industry
                                               on mining innovations such as the
                                               Electric Mine Consortium to accelerate
                                               progress towards the industry goal of
                                               fully electrified zero carbon dioxide and
                                               zero particulate mines




                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 3
Our performance
                        Gold production (koz)                                                                      Reserve life (years)*



                                                                                             940-1,010
                                                                                   815-875
                                                                         700-760
                               803    844    801    753                                                                                                                 14.5
                                                           719    681
                                                                                                                                                   9.0    10.0
        393      428    438                                                                                                                 8.3                  9.2
                                                                                                         6.1    6.1                  7.3
 280                                                                                                                   5.6    5.1




 FY12   FY13     FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21   FY22*     FY23*     FY24*       FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21



  * Denotes three-year production outlook published 22 July 2021


    Reserve growth since inception (Moz)                                                                          Cumulative dividends
                                                                                                                    declared (A$M)


                                                                                                                                                                 943
                                                                               9.9
                                                                                                                                                          732
                                                       7.2    7.5
                                                7                    6.6
                                         5.8
                                  5.2                                                                                                              459
          3.3      3.6                                                                                                                      298
                           2.6
                                                                                                                                     171
                                                                                                                       43     87
                                                                                                         7      21



          FY12     FY13    FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20      FY21                      FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19   FY20   FY21



* Total Group gold reserves (excluding Kundana Assets and McFinley) divided by Group production. FY12 production adjusted to include
non-attributable production prior to 2 Nov 2011 formation of Evolution. FY12 and FY13 excludes reserves and production for Mt Carlton
which was not a producing asset until late FY13




                                                    We Say, We Do, We Deliver



4 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
30 Shared Value
Projects delivered
Partnering with our communities to
deliver long-term benefits including
local economic development,
environmental stewardship,
infrastructure capability, sport, health
and education including:

  ß Partnering with the University of Queensland Research
    on breakthrough research in early cancer detection using
    gold, extending to long haul COVID-19

  ß Rural Aid partnership to make a larger impact across our
    regions such as:

    ß Buy a Bale NSW for struggling farmers – 2,736 bales         Evolution volunteers
      delivered to over 200 farmers                               assisting with sandbagging
    ß Financial assistance to farmers to pay bills and spend in   during the 2017 NSW floods
      their local communities

  ß Somewhere Down the Lachlan – sculpture trail in
    regional NSW to encourage tourism and promote the
    Wiradjuri culture

  ß Improving Indigenous outcomes:

    ß Partnering with the Wiradjuri Condobolin Corporation
      to form the Galari Agricultural Company to enhance the
      employability and skill development of Indigenous youth

    ß Partnering with our First Nation Partners at Red Lake on
      a collaborative business entity named ‘Shared Spirits’

  ß Environmental enhancement Partnering with James Cook
    University and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority
    on the Great Barrier Reef beach scrub protection and
    Yellow Zone research project
                                                                  Support for Rural Aid - Buy
  ß Partnering with the University of Queensland on a
                                                                  a Bale hay drop to support
    sustainable transformational reuse and economic
                                                                  farmers during the NSW drought
    alternatives for Mine Waste Study




Somewhere Down the Lachlan                                        Partnering to protect
sculpture trail - to encourage tourism                            and enhance the
and promote the Wiradjuri culture                                 Great Barrier Reef



                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 5
Building a reputation for
quality and transparency
in Sustainability Reporting




ß Inaugural annual Sustainability Report published in 2018
ß Reporting aligned with the principles of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Taskforce on Climate Related Disclosures (TCFD),
  the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
ß Evolution included in 2020 Dow Jones Sustainability Index Australia – one of only two gold companies
ß Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) rating of ‘AA’ (on a scale of AAA-CCC) – 29.5% above the industry average




Copyright ©2021 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This section contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such information and data are proprietary
of Sustainalytics and/or its third-party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project,
nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available at
https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers

The use by Evolution Mining of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not
constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Evolution Mining by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers and
are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI




6 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            FY21 Achievements FY21 Annual Report




FY21 Achievements

Operational and                                                           Mineral Resources
Financial Performance                                                     and Ore Reserves

680,788oz                                                                 74% increase
Gold production                                                           in Mineral Resources to 26.4Moz YOY


AISC A$1,215/oz1                                                          49% increase
(US$907/oz)2 - among the lowest                                           in Ore Reserves to 9.9Moz YOY
cost gold producers in the world

                                                                          Sustainability
A$345.3M                                                                  COVID-19 – no material impact
Record statutory net profit after                                         on operations
tax– 14% increase year-on year (YOY)

                                                                          TRIF3 9.6 – heavy focus on
A$354.3M                                                                  increased field leadership and
                                                                          high-quality safety interactions
Underlying net profit after tax

                                                                          Commitment to Net Zero
A$914.2M                                                                  greenhouse gas emissions by
                                                                          2050 and 30% reduction by 2030
EBITDA                                                                    (Scope 1 and 2)

Record payout of

A$273.4M                                                                  25% increase
                                                                          in water reuse - improved water security
in fully franked dividends –
23.5% increase YOY
                                                                          ‘AA’ MSCI ESG rating’
                                                                          the highest rating among
1 2 3 4
                                                                          global gold mining peers

1         All-in Sustaining Cost includes C1 cash cost, plus royalties,


                                                                          A$129.8M
          sustaining capital, general corporate and administration
          expenses on a per ounce sold basis
2         Calculated using an average AUD:USD exchange rate of
          0.7466 for FY21
                                                                          contribution to local and regional
3         TRIF: Total recordable injury frequency. The frequency of
          total recordable injuries per million hours worked. Results     businesses and organisations4
          above are based on a 12-month moving average
                                                                          including A$100.4M in direct
4         Local and regional organisations are defined by postcode in
          relation to geographical proximity to Evolution mine sites      spend with local organisations

                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 7
FY21 Annual Report Contents




Together, we can become the
best gold company in the world
Contents
Executive Chairman’s Report                                                                                                                                         9
Operations                                                                                                                                                        11
Discovery                                                                                                                                                         21
Sustainability Report                                                                                                                                             36
Chief Financial Officer's Review                                                                                                                               124
Annual Financial Report                                                                                                                                        129
Shareholder Information                                                                                                                                        223
Corporate Information                                                                                                                                          225




This report has been authorised for release by the Evolution Board of Directors
Forward looking statements
This report prepared by Evolution Mining Limited (or “the Company”) includes forward looking statements. Often, but not always, forward looking statements can
generally be identified by the use of forward looking words such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “continue”, and “guidance”, or
other similar words and may include, without limitation, statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives of management, anticipated production or construction
commencement dates and expected costs or production outputs. Forward looking statements inherently involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements.
Relevant factors may include, but are not limited to changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange fluctuations and general economic conditions, increased costs
and demand for production inputs, the speculative nature of exploration and project development, including the risks of obtaining necessary licenses and permits
and diminishing quantities or grades of reserves, political and social risks, changes to the regulatory framework within which the Company operates or may in the
future operate, environmental conditions including extreme weather conditions, recruitment and retention of personnel, industrial relations issues and litigation.
Forward looking statements are based on the Company and its management’s good faith assumptions relating to the financial, market, regulatory and other relevant
environments that will exist and affect the Company’s business and operations in the future. The Company does not give any assurance that the assumptions on which
forward looking statements are based will prove to be correct, or that the Company’s business or operations will not be affected in any material manner by these or
other factors not foreseen or foreseeable by the Company or management or beyond the Company’s control. Although the Company attempts and has attempted to
identify factors that would cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those disclosed in forward looking statements, there may be other factors
that could cause actual results, performance, achievements or events not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended, and many events are beyond the reasonable
control of the Company. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements. Forward looking statements in these materials
speak only at the date of issue. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant stock exchange listing rules, in providing this information
the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any of the forward-looking statements or to advise of any change in events, conditions or
circumstances on which any such statement is based.




8 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Executive Chairman’s Report FY21 Annual Report




Executive Chairman’s Report
                                                              and extending mine life at these high margin assets.
                                                              Importantly, we have always prudently managed our
                                                              balance sheet to ensure we are well capitalised to fund our
                                                              growth ambitions and deliver returns to our shareholders.

                                                              While our past achievements give us much to celebrate,
                                                              we look to the future more excited than ever about our
                                                              ability to capitalise on the opportunities in front of us to
                                                              continue to deliver long term stakeholder value through
                                                              safe, low-cost gold production in an environmentally and
                                                              socially responsible manner. In July 2021 we announced
                                                              our commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions
                                                              in alignment with the climate change goals of the Paris
                                                              Agreement. Evolution is committed to reducing our
                                                              greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 30% by
                                                              2030; and achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions
                                                              by 2050.

                                                              Evolution continues to be recognised for its Sustainability
Celebrating 10 years of inspired people                       performance, including receiving a sector leading ‘AA’
                                                              rating in the annual MSCI ESG Ratings assessment. The
creating a premier global gold company                        COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on our
                                                              operations with protocols developed to minimise risks
                                                              to our people and communities and to ensure we can
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Evolution Mining
                                                              continue to safely produce gold during this challenging
Limited, I am proud to present you with the Company’s
                                                              period that we continue to navigate through.
2021 Annual Report. This incorporates our Sustainability
Report which supports our objective to deliver long-term      At Evolution we are committed to providing a workplace
stakeholder value through safe, low-cost gold production in   where our people are safe and healthy which relies on
an environmentally and socially responsible manner.           the commitment, leadership, teamwork, engagement and
                                                              involvement of our entire workforce. This year we had a
As we celebrate 10 years since formation, we look back on
                                                              strong focus on improving leading safety metrics including
what we have achieved over the last decade with great
                                                              proactive reporting, training, field interactions and action
pride. To quote from my address to the inaugural Annual
                                                              close outs. In FY21 our Total Recordable Injury Frequency
General Meeting on 29 November 2011: “Evolution was
                                                              (TRIF) rose to 9.6 (30 June 2020: 6.8). We remain fully
formed to create a vibrant, growth orientated, creative
                                                              committed to improving our safety performance.
gold company that will attract and retain the best people
to deliver on a growing portfolio of assets and attract       In FY21, Evolution produced 680,788 ounces of gold at
the attention of major investors in the gold industry.”       an All-in Sustaining Cost (AISC) of A$1,215 per ounce
Our mantra from day one has been “We say, We do, We           (US$907/oz). This translated into a record statutory net
deliver” and I can confidently say that we have delivered     profit after tax of A$345.3 million, a 14.5% increase on
far in excess of what we set out to do 10 years ago.          the prior year. Operating mine cash flow totalled A$937.3
From the very beginning we developed a clear and              million prior to total capital investment of A$379.8 million.
consistent strategy to capitalise on what we felt would be    A record A$273.4 million in fully franked dividends was
a transformational period in the Australian gold industry.    paid during the year, a 23.5% increase on FY20.
We set out to build and upgrade the quality of our asset      During the year a maiden Mineral Resource estimate of
portfolio and become a globally relevant gold company         11.0 million ounces of gold and Ore Reserves of 2.9 million
that prospers through the cycle.                              ounces of gold, in accordance with the JORC Code, were
In the years that followed we have had the courage to         declared at Red Lake – a significant uplift from when
act countercyclically to acquire great assets at attractive   we announced the acquisition in November 2019. This
valuations from motivated sellers who were divesting mines    contribution from Red Lake and continued growth at
in Australia and Canada. Through focus and commitment,        Cowal resulted in Evolution’s Group Mineral Resources
we have added significant value to these operations which     increasing by 74% year-on-year to 26.4 million ounces and
now cornerstone our portfolio.                                Group Reserves increasing by 49% to 9.9 million ounces.

Today we are a very different company, but our vision         In May 2021 Evolution completed the acquisition of Battle
and strategy has not changed. Our relentless focus on         North whose key asset was the Bateman operation located
quality over quantity has resulted in Evolution generating    10 kilometres from Evolution’s Red Lake operations in
sector leading returns and rewarding our shareholders         Ontario, Canada. The additional processing capacity from
by paying 17 consecutive dividends. With four long life       Bateman mill will accelerate the ability to achieve in excess
cornerstone assets we are investing in growing production     of 350,000 ounces of gold per annum from Red Lake.


                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 9
FY21 Annual Report Executive Chairman’s Report




The Cowal Underground Project Feasibility Study                   COVID-19 has created should not be underestimated but
was completed during FY21 and has received Board                  together we have overcome these obstacles to continue
and regulatory approval for development. The Cowal                to deliver on our strategy. I want to sincerely thank each
underground will provide a higher-grade ore source                one of our employees and contractors for their ongoing
which will be blended with E42 open pit ore to drive the          contribution. I would also like to thank the Board of
operation’s production profile to 350,000 ounces per              Directors for the ongoing support they have given to the
annum. Cowal now has a mine life of at least 17 years             Leadership Team this year.
in which it will continue to deliver significant economic
                                                                  Looking ahead to the 2022 financial year, our production
benefit for all stakeholders.
                                                                  guidance increases to 700,000 – 760,000 ounces which
Evolution’s interest in Ernest Henry continues to deliver         is driven by growing production at Cowal and Red Lake.
exceptional cash flows with record net mine cash flow of          Group AISC is expected to be in the range of A$1,220 –
A$309.0 million generated in FY21. The drilling program           A$1,280 per ounce.
and Concept Study for mine life extensions below the
                                                                  Over the last 10 years Evolution has built a sustainable
1,200mRL was successfully completed during the year
                                                                  portfolio of long-life, low-cost, high-margin assets in the
with encouraging results. Approval to advance to a Pre-
                                                                  safe jurisdictions of Australia and Canada. Our balance
Feasibility Study is expected during the December 2021
                                                                  sheet is strong, our assets are generating strong cash flow
half-year.
                                                                  and our people are inspired to continue to deliver value
Subsequent to the end of the 2021 financial year,                 for all our stakeholders while staying true to our values of
we announced that Evolution had entered into an                   Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect.
agreement with Northern Star Resources Limited to
                                                                  Yours faithfully
acquire a 100% interest in the Kundana Operations; a
51% interest in the East Kundana Joint Venture; a 100%
interest in certain tenements comprising the Carbine
Project; and a 75% interest in the West Kundana Joint
Venture. The transaction, which completed on 18 August            JAKE KLEIN
2021, represents an important strategic opportunity to            EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
consolidate the Mungari region, optimise the value of
existing infrastructure at the Mungari Operation and
capture significant operational synergies.

With four long-life, high-margin cornerstone assets, and a
robust Balance Sheet, Evolution is well placed to deliver on
the organic growth opportunities within the portfolio over
the coming years.

Evolution relies on the relationships we have built with our
stakeholders to ensure that the opportunities created by
our operations produce socially inclusive and sustainable
development for the communities in which we live and
work. The communities near our sites experience the most
direct social, environmental and economic impacts of our
business. By providing competitive wages and benefits,
prioritising local procurement, contributing our fair
share of taxes and royalties, and investing in community
programs and infrastructure, we work hard to support
the development goals of our host communities and
governments. We are also committed to respecting and
enhancing the rights, interests, and cultural activities of our
First Nation Partners and Indigenous Peoples within the
communities in which we operate.

As I stated 10 years ago, we have always endeavoured
to attract and retain the best people in the industry. Our
people have always been our most important asset and we
want every person’s time at Evolution to be the highlight
of their career. Time and again this year we have been
challenged to go above and beyond and each time our
employees and contractors have stood tall, accepted the
challenge and delivered. The anxiety and disruption that



10 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Operations
FY21 Annual Report Chief Operating Officer’s Review




Chief Operating Officer’s Review
                                                                  recently announced our commitment to a net zero future
                                                                  by reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030,
                                                                  and net zero emissions by 2050 in alignment with the
                                                                  climate change goals of the Paris Agreement. We will
                                                                  focus on reducing emissions across our operations, as well
                                                                  as partnering with others to develop new technological
                                                                  solutions.

                                                                  Sustainability also means partnering with our stakeholders
                                                                  to deliver long-term benefits to the communities in
                                                                  which we operate. Our partnerships resulted in the
                                                                  commencement of seven new Shared Value projects in
                                                                  FY21 including breakthrough cancer research with the
                                                                  University of Queensland. I am pleased to say that our
                                                                  sustainability performance has been recognised by key
                                                                  ratings agencies including the Dow Jones Sustainability
                                                                  Index Australia and has resulted in an upgrade to an
                                                                  ‘AA’ rating from MSCI. This is a testament to the work
                                                                  being done to differentiate ourselves as a business in the
FY21 was the catalyst for Evolution’s                             Sustainability space. Details of our sustainability efforts are
growth to a premier global gold mining                            provided in the Sustainability section of this 2021 Annual
                                                                  Report.
company with significant projects
brought to fruition at three of our                               On the production front, we finished the 2021 Financial
                                                                  Year with 680,788 ounces produced at an All-in Sustaining
assets, underpinned by the dedication,                            Cost of A$1,215 per ounce – both metrics were within or
hard work and values-driven actions of                            better than original guidance (production 2% below revised
                                                                  guidance in April 2021). This delivery reflects not only the
our people.                                                       improved planning systems we have been implementing
                                                                  but also the tenaciousness of our teams to overcome
                                                                  operational challenges to deliver on our commitments. In
Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) on 30 June           FY22, we plan to keep the momentum focusing on short
2021 was 9.6 (30 June 2020 was 6.8). Performance varied           interval control and better links between strategic and
across the portfolio and although we did not achieve our          tactical planning.
TRIF target, each of our operations were actively involved
in implementing sound, robust initiatives to help reduce the      Our internal continuous improvement program ‘Act Like
risk of incidents, injuries, and illnesses. We also saw pockets   an Owner’ has also seen a significant increase in rewards
of excellence, with Mt Rawdon and Mt Carlton achieving            distributed, highlighting the positive culture our people
respectively 3- and 6-months recordable injury free as of         continually demonstrate through value-adding efforts. In
early August 2021. All operations have developed detailed         FY21, we reached a record of 225 approved submissions,
safety improvement plans for FY22 to drive increased              representing a 20% increase on FY20.
attention and improvement in safety, with a target TRIF           For the third consecutive year, we delivered significant
reduction of 12.5% over the financial year.                       value through our Data Enabled Business Improvement
COVID-19 continues to be a significant focus for the              (DEBI) innovation program. A$41.5 million in benefits were
business and the formal crisis management response                realised in FY21 against a target of A$30.0 million. The
protocols remain activated. We have worked closely with           program comprised over a hundred initiatives across the
regulators, community, and industry groups to comply,             Group, with our best success coming from processing
as a minimum, with agreed protocols and requirements.             initiatives such as the Oxide Elimination Campaign at
All management decisions are underpinned by our values            Cowal and throughput and recovery improvements at Red
of keeping our people healthy and safe. There has been            Lake and Mt Rawdon. Our use of data and analytics to
no material impact on operations to date, which would             drive business improvement continues to mature and will
not have been possible without early proactive hard               continue to pay dividends as we embed it as part of how
work and diligence from our site and group teams in the           we operate.
development of clear operating protocols and trigger
                                                                  Innovation and technology remain front of mind in our
action response plans.
                                                                  FY22 business plan, with a broad range of opportunities
Sustainability performance remains a prerequisite to              being pursued across the business. Examples include use
our success as a business, and year by year becomes an            of electric powered underground fleet at Red Lake, in situ
increasingly important element of our social licence. At          leaching research options for Marsden and crowd-sourced
Evolution, we are committed to doing our part. We have            problem solving for Discovery and operational challenges.



12 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Chief Operating Officer’s Review FY21 Annual Report




In FY21 Evolution continued to improve the quality of its portfolio with the acquisition of Battle North Gold to accelerate
the transformation of Red Lake, and Crush Creek to provide a new ore source at Mt Carlton. The Cowal Underground
development which will provide a higher-grade ore source at Cowal has received Board and regulatory approval. We also
completed the acquisition of the Kundana mine and East Kundana Joint Venture assets from Northern Star Resources to
elevate Mungari to the fourth cornerstone asset in the Evolution portfolio. It is an exciting time to be a part of the business,
with immense opportunity ahead of us. The FY22 business plan vital few goals of Keeping our People Safe, Living our Values
Driven Culture and Reliably Delivering the Budget will be paramount in securing our current and future success.

Yours faithfully




BOB FULKER
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER




Rokion R100 battery electrical vehicle (BEV) for                   Hololens (Augmented Reality) technology at Cowal -
underground at Red Lake                                            enables maintenance teams on the surface and/or at the
                                                                   Original Equipment Manufacturer or Dealership to view
                                                                   what the maintainer is seeing in real-time to expedite
                                                                   troubleshooting eg working on an excavator in the open pit




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 13
FY21 Annual Report Operational Performance




Operational Performance

Cowal
The Cowal operation is a world-class open pit gold              E42 open pit and stockpile ore. The development of the
operation located 350km west of Sydney and operated             Cowal Underground Mine is part of the Group’s goal of
by Evolution since July 2015. It is situated within the Bland   Cowal producing 350,000 ounces of low-cost gold a year
Shire on the traditional lands of the Wiradjuri People.         and extend its mine life out beyond 17 years, while at the
The operation also works closely with the Lachlan and           same time injecting significant economic benefit for all
Forbes Shires.                                                  stakeholders. The planned capital investment is
                                                                A$380 million.
Cowal was the highest gold producer in the Group,
achieving 210,847 ounces of gold produced at an AISC            Capital investment in FY21 consisted of investment in major
of A$1,042 per ounce. Cowal mined to plan resulting in          projects including the continuation of Stage H stripping,
meeting its planned gold production. The decrease in            construction of the Integrated Waste Landform (IWL)
production when compared to the prior year was mainly           tailings facility and the Underground Feasibility Study.
due to the planned transition from Stage G ore to Stage H
                                                                The development of the Galway decline commenced
ore in the E42 open pit, and some lower grade stockpiled
                                                                in late February 2021 and is targeted to complete in
material being processed while this transition occurred.
                                                                December 2021 quarter. This decline will establish the next
In FY22 Stage H ore becomes the predominate ore feed
                                                                stage of diamond drilling platforms to convert additional
leading to a planned increase in production.
                                                                resources to reserves and to provide valuable grade control
A major milestone was achieved at Cowal with Board and          information for future mining.
regulatory approvals received for the development of
                                                                The Underground Ore Reserve increased approximately
the Cowal Underground Mine, which provides a higher-
                                                                30% above the maiden estimate of 804,000 ounces to
grade ore source that will be blended with the current
                                                                more than 1 million ounces.




14 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                               Operational Performance FY21 Annual Report




Red Lake
The Red Lake operation is an underground gold mine in          On 20 May 2021 Evolution announced the completion of
north western Ontario and is situated in one of the highest-   the Battle North Gold acquisition which will enable growth
grade Archean gold camps in Canada. Acquired in April          plans to be accelerated at Red Lake. With the acquisition
2020, an operational transformation plan is underway to        of Battle North Gold the Board has also approved an
restore Red Lake to a premier Canadian gold mine.              accelerated plan to deliver in excess of 350,000 low-
                                                               cost ounces per annum at Red Lake within five years.
In our first year of ownership, Red Lake produced 126,339
                                                               The acquisition also provides the opportunity to build on
ounces of gold at an AISC of A$2,044 per ounce which
                                                               our track record as a safe and sustainable operator for
was within both production and cost guidance. The three-
                                                               the long-term benefit of a broad range of stakeholders
year transformation program at Red Lake is well underway
                                                               including the local workforce, regional communities and
to restore the operation’s production to above 200,000
                                                               our Wabauskang and Lac Seul First Nation Partners.
ounces per annum at an AISC of less than US$1,000 per
ounce.                                                         The consolidated operation will consist of the Lower Red
                                                               Lake, Upper Campbell, Cochenour and McFinley mining
Construction of the Campbell Young Dickinson (CYD)
                                                               areas that will provide ore to the Campbell, Red Lake and
Decline box cut is progressing well with first development
                                                               Bateman mills with a total processing capacity target of 2
to commence in the September 2021 quarter. This decline
                                                               million tonnes by FY26.
will provide independent access to the Upper Campbell
and HG Young ore bodies where 4.8 million ounces of
Red Lake’s 11 million ounce Mineral Resource estimate
is situated.




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 15
FY21 Annual Report Operational Performance




Ernest Henry                                                  Mungari
The Ernest Henry copper-gold operation is a large-scale,      The Mungari operation is located 600km east of Perth and
long-life asset operated by Glencore. The operation           20km west of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia. There are
employs sub-level caving or extraction method. It is          currently two registered native title claims over the majority
located 38km north-east of Cloncurry, Queensland on the       of the Mungari tenements – the Maduwongga People and
traditional lands of the Mitakoodi people.                    the Marlinyu Ghoorlie People. Our local communities are
                                                              Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie.
Evolution acquired an economic interest in Ernest Henry
that will deliver 100% of future gold revenue and 30% of      Mungari produced another solid contribution to the
future copper and silver revenue produced from within an      Group’s overall gold production result with gold production
agreed life of mine area. Outside the life of mine area, we   of 115,829 ounces at an average AISC of A$1,453 per ounce.
will have a 49% interest in future copper, gold and silver    Mungari’s production was lower than the prior period as
revenue from Ernest Henry.                                    more material was processed from the lower grade open
                                                              pits than from the higher grade underground mine in line
Ernest Henry had an outstanding year with records being
                                                              with the mining sequence. Full year net mine cash flow was
delivered on multiple fronts. Gold production was 92,397
                                                              A$73.2 million.
ounces at an AISC of negative A$(876) per ounce. The
record AISC result for Ernest Henry was primarily driven      A key highlight at Mungari has been the performance of
by gold production being delivered to plan combined with      the processing plant, which continued to perform strongly,
record high achieved copper price of A$11,198 per tonne for   capitalising on improved operational and maintenance
19,196 tonnes of copper sold. Full year net mine cash flow    initiatives. During the year Mungari achieved throughput of
was A$309.0 million.                                          over 2.0 million tonnes at an average grade of 1.97g/t with
                                                              gold recoveries of 91.3%. The plant throughput achieved
The drilling program for extensions below the 1,200mRL
                                                              its FY21 target and was significantly above the plant’s
and the Concept Study were successfully completed with
                                                              nameplate capacity of 1.6 million tonnes per year.
plans to seek approval for a Pre-Feasibility Study (PFS) in
the December 2021 half-year.                                  The acquisition of a portfolio of high-grade underground
                                                              mines within 8km of Mungari’s mill from Northern Star
                                                              Resources Limited announced on 22 July 2021 will escalate
                                                              Mungari to Evolution’s fourth cornerstone asset. The
                                                              transaction provides a pathway to annual production
                                                              objective of 200,000 ounces at Mungari, more than
                                                              doubles the Mungari Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
                                                              and consolidates a 1,027km2 land package.




16 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Operational Performance FY21 Annual Report




Mt Rawdon
The Mt Rawdon Operation is located 75km south-west of Bundaberg, Queensland and is surrounded by the traditional lands
of the Byellee, Gooreng Gooreng, Gurang and Taribelang Bunda people who make up the Port Curtis Coral Coast native title
claim group. Our local communities are Mt Perry, Gin Gin, Biggenden and Gayndah. Evolution has owned and operated Mt
Rawdon since November 2011.

Mt Rawdon produced 77,005 ounces of gold at an AISC of A$1,513 per ounce for FY21. The production result was in line with
expectations and the prior period due to stable delivery of ore to the processing plant. Net mine cash flow was
A$58.4 million. The team celebrated 20 years of continuous operations on 16 February 2021. A significant milestone of 365 days
without a recordable injury was achieved on 25 February 2021 and the operation had been injury free for over 15 months until
May 2021.

A focus on improving the reliability of the mill resulted in total throughput of 3.4 million tonnes in FY21 which was an
improvement on the 3.3 million tonnes processed in FY20 and was the highest throughput achieved since FY16.




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 17
FY21 Annual Report Operational Performance




Mt Carlton
Mt Carlton is located 150km south of Townsville, Queensland, on the traditional lands of the Birriah People. Our local
communities are Gumlu, Home Hill, Bowen and Townsville. The operation was developed by Evolution and commissioned
in 2013.

Mt Carlton produced a total of 58,371 ounces at an AISC of A$1,937 per ounce. The result was ahead of plan. Mine operating
cash flow was A$25.7 million and net mine cash flow was A$19.6 million which was a strong turnaround from the prior period
due to improved operational performance.

Underground mining during the year was concentrated on gaining access to ore in the Western Feeder Zone while V2 open
pit ore was extracted from the Stage 4C following the work in the prior period on the Stage 4C cutback. Adjacent to the V2
open pit, underground development of the decline into the high-grade silver A39 deposit continued during the year with
production from A39 schedule to commence in the December 2021 quarter.

.




18 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                               Outlook FY21 Annual Report




Outlook

Guidance for FY22
Evolution is guiding FY22 Group gold production of 700,000 – 760,000 ounces at an AISC guidance is A$1,220 – A$1,280
per ounce. Assuming an AUD:USD exchange rate of 0.73, Evolution’s forecast FY22 AISC equates to approximately US$890
– US$935 per ounce.

Investment in sustaining capital in FY22 is guided to be between A$125.0 – A$155.0 million. The majority of the sustaining
capital is directed to Cowal and Red Lake to invest in equipment and infrastructure required due to their longer life of
mine plans.

Investment in major capital and exploration is additional to the costs included in AISC and are reported in All-in Cost
(AIC). Major capital in FY22 is guided to be in the range of A$440.0 – A$510.0 million with more than half of the major
capital associated with expansion projects at Cowal to develop the Underground (A$145.0 – A$160.0 million), continue
the construction of the Integrated Waste Landform (A$75 – A$80 million) and undertake feasibility studies on Open Pit
expansion opportunities (A$15.0 – A$20.0 million).

Major capital investments at Red Lake covers the mine development to recapitalise the existing mining areas of Lower
Red Lake and Cochenour (A$50.0 – A$55.0 million), and to commence development of two new mining areas in Upper
Campbell (A$35.0 – A$40.0 million) and McFinley (A$25.0 – A$30.0 million). Major capital for the Campbell mill (A$10.0 –
A$15.0 million) and Bateman mill (A$10.0 – A$15.0 million) will increase processing capacity in excess of 2 million tonnes per
annum and set the operation on the path to in excess of 350,000 ounces production in FY26. The major capital at the other
operations is predominantly mine development expenditure.

The table below provides details of our FY22 Guidance as released on 18 August 2021.

                                                                  AISC                Sustaining Capital               Major Capital
    FY22 Guidance            Gold production (oz)
                                                                (A$/oz) *                 (A$M) **                      (A$M) **
    Cowal                     230,000 – 250,000               1,180 – 1,220                35.0 – 40.0                 260.0 – 280.0
    Red Lake                   155,000 – 165,000              1,600 – 1,660                55.0 – 60.0                  130.0 – 155.0
    Mungari                    115,000 – 125,000              1,750 – 1,800                15.0 – 22.5                   25.0 – 40.0
    Mt Rawdon                   75,000 – 80,000               1,470 – 1,520                 5.0 – 10.0                    12.5 – 17.5
    Mt Carlton                  45,000 – 50,000               1,650 – 1,700                 5.0 – 10.0                    12.5 – 17.5
    Ernest Henry                80,000 – 90,000              (780) – (720)                 10.0 – 12.5                        0
    Corporate                                                      70 –75
    Group                     700,000 – 760,000              1,220 – 1,280               125.0 – 155.0                 440.0 – 510.0
*     AISC assumes A$2,200/oz Au and A$11,000/t Cu for royalties and by-products

** Corporate capital of A$3M (Sustaining) and A$2M (Major) not included above



Three-year Outlook
Production is planned to increase by at least 30% to around 1 million ounces during the three-year period to FY24. Growth
will be largely driven by the ramp up of the Cowal underground mine, an increasing production profile at Red Lake and
increased production at Mungari following the acquisition of the Kundana Assets. Costs are expected to remain relatively
stable over the three-year period as the growth strategy continues to focus on producing high margin ounces.

Investment in sustaining capital is forecast to be between A$125 – A$155 million in FY22; A$120 – A$160 million in FY23;
and A$125 – A$165 in FY24. Replacement of equipment and infrastructure at Cowal (A$35 – A$45M per year) and Red Lake
(A$40 – A$45M in FY22; A$45 – A$55M in FY23 and FY24) due to extended life of mine plans account for the majority of
sustaining capital. Investment in growth projects at Cowal and Red Lake will materially increase production and transform
the quality of Evolution’s asset portfolio.

    Group Three-Year Outlook                            FY22                              FY23                            FY24
    Production (oz)                             700,000 – 760,000                 815,000 – 875,000                940,000 – 1,010,000
    AISC (A$/oz)1                                   1,220 – 1,280                      1,125 – 1,185                   1,170 – 1,230
    Sustaining Capex (A$/M)                            125 – 155                       120 – 160                        125 – 165
    Major Capital (A$M)                               440 – 510                        490 – 560                       290 – 360
1      AISC is based on Gold price of A$2,200/oz (royalties) and Copper price of A$11,000/t (By-product credits)


                                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 19
FY21 Annual Report Outlook




Cautionary statement concerning the proportion of Exploration
Targets
Of Evolution’s Group Production Outlook, 3% is comprised of Exploration Targets. The potential quantity and grade of this
Exploration Target is conceptual in nature and there has been insufficient exploration to determine a Mineral Resource and
there is no certainty that further exploration work will result in the determination of Mineral Resources or that production
target itself will be realised.

For information on Production Targets and Forecast Financials, refer to the ASX release entitled “Acquisition to elevate
Mungari to a cornerstone asset and A$400 million equity raising” released to the ASX on 22 July 2021 and available to view
at www.evolutionmining.com.au. The Company confirms that all material assumptions underpinning the Production Target
and Forecast Financial information derived from the Production Target in the 22 July 2021 release continue to apply and have
not materially changed.




Assets located solely in
Tier 1 jurisdictions




           Red Lake




                                                                                                         Ernest Henry    Mt Carlton
                                                                                                                         Mt Rawdon
Legend                                                                                                Mungari           Cowal

     Operating assets


     Low Jurisdictional Risk




20 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Discovery




        "Discovery is seeing
         what everyone else
         has seen but thinking
         what no one else has
         thought."

        Albert Szent-Gyorgoi,
        Nobel Prize winner
FY21 Annual Report Discovery




Discovery
We are committed to organic growth by the discovery of new gold deposits at
our existing operations and across our portfolio of greenfield exploration projects.
We focus on safely and responsibly finding new deposits that have the potential
to deliver long-life, low-cost mines that improve the quality of our portfolio. We are
building a world class exploration team and acquiring assets in highly endowed
gold districts.

Our Discovery group had another outstanding 12 months           ß Key mineral systems elements such as geologic
in the 2021 Financial Year. This year we continued                architecture, fluid and metal sources, and the drivers and
embedding and strengthening our early-stage exploration           traps capable of producing world-class gold deposits
team responsible for managing our greenfield exploration        ß Footprint scales demonstrating size and grade potential
projects in Western Australia and Queensland. We                  for an Evolution-scale mining operation. Distribution
invested in the technical development of our people and           patterns of low-level gold, pathfinder elements and
provided opportunities to upskill and gain experience             alteration mineral associations that demonstrate evidence
across our diverse portfolio of operating assets and              of large hydrothermal systems always rank highly
greenfield projects.
                                                                ß Navigating to gold using the right data layers to enable
Our Discovery strategy is simple. We focus on safely and          determination of where we are in a system and to vector
responsibly finding new deposits that have the potential          to gold quickly and effectively. We believe strongly in
to deliver long-life, low-cost mines that improve the quality     integrating geological observations with project-wide
of our portfolio. We focus exploration for epithermal             multi-element geochemistry, airborne and handheld
and greenstone gold mineralisation because we believe             spectral analysis and fit-for-purpose geophysical
we have the right combination of skills and expertise to          techniques. It is critical to definitively test the best
discover these types of deposits. However, we are also            targets early. Clear program objectives and results that
willing to consider other mineralisation styles if we believe     inform technical and, in some cases, good judgment
they can deliver high quality opportunities that improve          calls to persist with a target or alternatively to walk
overall portfolio quality. Our area selection and project         away, are vital to our strategy
evaluation methodologies consider the following technical       We hold highly prospective tenements in New South
characteristics to help rank and prioritise where we are        Wales, Queensland, Western Australia and Ontario, Canada.
willing to go:                                                  At the end of FY21, our Discovery team was exploring
                                                                approximately 9,800km2 of granted tenements and
                                                                mining leases with applications for 76km2 pending. These
                                                                tenements are either 100% owned by Evolution or subject
                                                                to earn-in or joint venture agreements.

                                                                Total expenditure for the year ended 30 June 2021 was
                                                                A$52 million. A total of 172km of drilling was completed
                                                                across the Group. Drilling expenditure in FY22 is guided to
                                                                be A$35.0 – A$60 million.

                                                                In FY22, approximately 80% of our discovery investment
                                                                will be directed to resource growth and to deliver new
                                                                discoveries near our operating mines.




22 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                  Discovery FY21 Annual Report




Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 23
FY21 Annual Report Discovery




Cowal
The Cowal orebody is a world class deposit ranking in the              Development of the Galway decline commenced in April
top 10 Australian gold mines. Evolution has grown the                  2021 and drilling positions were established in June 2021.
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves since acquisition in                This second decline establishes the next stage of diamond
2015 from 3.4 million to 9.7 million ounces and from                   drilling platforms to extend resources across the gap
1.6 million to 4.6 million ounces respectively5.                       between Dalwhinnie and Regal along with upgrading
                                                                       Mineral Resource classification that will convert additional
FY21 drilling resulted in further growth from the high-grade
                                                                       Mineral Resources to Ore Reserves and to provide
underground orebody. Drilling programs at GRE46 and
                                                                       confirmation of grade control parameters.
Dalwhinnie resulted in an upgrade of Mineral Resources
from Inferred to Indicated category and extended                       Early stage exploration continued at several prospects
mineralisation beyond the existing Underground resource                including at E40, Nikka and the E39 copper porphyry
outlines. Underground Ore Reserves increased to more                   exploration target. Nikka is the continuation of the E42
than 1.0 million ounces and results were analysed as part of           mineralisation around the central fault beneath the pit.
the Underground Feasibility Study. Mineralisation remains
open down plunge and along strike.


5    Information on Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves is provided on pages 33 to 35 of this Annual Report




Location map of Cowal resource definition and regional projects in FY21



24 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Discovery FY21 Annual Report




Red Lake
Red Lake is one of the largest, highest grade gold camps in    upgrades at Cochenour, Deep Sulphides, Lower Campbell
North America with historical production of over 25 million    and the Twin Otter Zone.
ounces with head grades exceeding 20 grams per tonne.
                                                               At Lower Red Lake, several impressive widths and grades
Evolution’s land position at Red Lake almost doubled to        were intersected in a small lens approximately 100m in the
736km2 with the addition of the Bateman properties to the      footwall of the Deep Sulphide ore body (Red Lake) which
portfolio following completion of the Battle North Gold        is a new zone with no history of previous mining.
Corporation acquisition in May 2021. The resources and
                                                               Discovery surface diamond drilling to test drill targets
reserves acquired in the transaction will be re-estimated
                                                               along the East Bay Trend, in the Western Stratigraphy
in accordance with the JORC Code and reported in
                                                               and at the SR Zone was undertaken. These areas were
Evolution’s annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
                                                               prioritised geologically for their potential to host new zones
statement in February 2022.
                                                               of high-grade mineralisation. A high-grade intersection at
The Mineral Resource at 31 December 2020 is estimated          the SR prospect close to planned development of the CYD
at 47.8 million tonnes grading 7.2 grams per tonne for 11.0    Decline was returned. Follow-up drilling is planned during
million ounces. The Ore Reserve was materially increased       H1FY22 to test the potential of new mineralised zones that
to 13.2 million tonnes grading 6.9 grams per tonne for         can be accessed from the CYD Decline as it advances to
2.93 million ounces gold following maiden estimates in         future production areas at Upper Campbell.
accordance with the JORC Code.
                                                               Positive results were returned from underground drilling
Red Lake represents some of the greatest resource and          testing prospective stratigraphy and structures in the
exploration upside in the Evolution portfolio. In FY21,        Hangingwall Corridor outboard of the Kovala fault which
we appropriately committed to spend US$50 million on           is an important structure in the geological architecture
exploration over a three-year period with a planned drill      influencing the geometry of the historically mined High
program of over 100,000m per annum to test high quality        Grade Zone. Follow-up drilling is ongoing to test the extent
targets, deliver new discoveries and to extend resources.      and continuity of this zone.

FY21 resource definition drilling focused on reserve           Encouraging results at new Discovery targets (Thor/Thrust
conversion priorities anticipated to come into the             and Voss/Sidequest) along strike of Cochenour justified
production schedule over the next 12 to 24 months.             further drilling programs.
Results from this drilling supported resource classification




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 25
FY21 Annual Report Discovery




Mungari
Resource definition drilling was conducted at Frog’s Leg below the Rocket ore body. The purpose of the drilling was to close
out the gap between deepest development in the mine and a deep drill hole which indicated the mineralisation remains open
along the dip plane of the ore body. Drilling intercepted mineralised vein structure characteristic of the Rocket ore body
although, mineralised true widths reflect the ore body is narrowing at depth. Modelling will progress with a potential small
addition to the resource.

Extensions along strike of the Boomer structure at Frog’s Leg have been drilled north and south of the main Boomer
resource. Results diminished the opportunity for new mineralisation along strike.

Resource definition drilling was conducted at Castle Hill to increase the confidence in the Mineral Resource. Infill results
confirmed grade and thickness continuity of mineralised zones predicted in the geological models.

The acquisition of the Kundana Operations (100%), East Kundana Joint Venture (51%), certain tenements comprising the
Carbine Project (100%) and 75% interest in the West Kundana Joint Venture consolidates a 1,027km2 land package at
Mungari. Drilling will focus on targets with the best grade potential that have the biggest impact on bringing forward future
high-grade production.




           Location map of Mungari




26 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            Discovery FY21 Annual Report




Crush Creek (100%)                                           Murchison Project, WA
Evolution entered into an earn-in agreement with private     (earning 80%)
entity Basin Gold Pty Ltd over the Crush Creek project
in September in 2019 and exercised an option to acquire      Evolution entered into an agreement with Enterprise Metals
100% of the project on 10 December 2020.                     Limited over the Murchison Project in April 2019.

The Crush Creek project is located 10km northwest            The Murchison Project is a large, early-stage gold
of Collinsville, Queensland, and approximately 30km          exploration project covering ~835km2 in the Murchison
southeast of the Mt Carlton Operation. It hosts low          region of central Western Australia. The project area is
sulphidation epithermal gold mineralisation.                 prospective for Archaean greenstone hosted gold deposits
                                                             and encompasses poorly tested continuations of the Big
Successful drilling programs at the BV7 and Delta areas      Bell and Cuddingwarra Shear Zones which host multi-
have resulted in the release of a maiden Mineral Resource    million-ounce gold deposits at Big Bell, Cuddingwarra
of 1.13 million tonnes grading 3.48 grams per tonne gold     and Mount Magnet. In addition, historic exploration has
for 126,000 ounces gold, reinforcing our belief that         indicated prospectivity for volcaniclastic copper/zinc
mineralisation we are delineating has the potential to       deposits. The Murchison project is located 30km northwest
extend mine life at Mt Carlton.                              of Cue, Western Australia.
Drilling is continuing at Crush Creek with a focus on        Work undertaken in FY21 included a first phase aircore
growing the in-situ mineral resources at the BV7 and Delta   drilling program (140 holes for 12,082m) to evaluate
areas as well as testing the nearby Gamma and Delta South    extensions of the Big Bell and Cuddingwarra Shear Zones.
prospects where positive results have been returned. New     Anomalies identified on the Big Bell Shear Zone and a
targets have recently been developed based on results        structural target at the Behring Prospect will be tested by
received from soil geochemical sampling and mapping.         a 3,200m reverse circulation and diamond core (RC/DC)
                                                             drill program.




Plan of the Crush Creek area showing drill hole traces at
the regional targets




                                                             Map showing the location and geology of the Cue and
                                                             Murchison JV tenements



                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 27
FY21 Annual Report Discovery




Cue project, WA (earning 75%)
In September 2019 Evolution entered into an earn-in joint      In FY21, four diamond holes for over 1,500m of diamond
venture agreement with Musgrave Minerals Limited over          drilling were completed. Drilling targeted bedrock origins of
the Cue exploration project. Cue is located in the Murchison   mineralisation beneath a 7km long gold in aircore anomaly
Province of central Western Australia which hosts a gold       delineated in previously reported results from Lake Austin.
endowment in excess of 30 million ounces.
                                                               The drilling has identified a new high-grade gold zone
The Cue project is approximately 50km south of our             at West Island hosted in a differentiated dolerite sill over
Murchison joint venture and is prospective for Archaean        a strike length of 400m. Encouragingly, mineralisation
greenstone gold deposits. The Cue joint venture covers a       remains open in all directions. Follow-up drilling, which
prospective mineralised trend, which includes Musgrave’s       commenced early July, is designed to delineate the
Lena and Break of Day resources to the south. Large            potential scale of mineralisation at West Island.
parts of the fertile trend are poorly tested and extend
                                                               Evolution has committed A$5 million to fund further drilling
under younger lake cover which is potentially obscuring
                                                               at Cue in FY22. Diamond drilling will focus on delineating
mineralisation.
                                                               the system’s scale at West Island as well as testing
                                                               additional gold-in-regolith aircore anomalies and defining
                                                               new diamond drilling targets through aircore drilling.




                                                               Location plan of the Cue JV project showing Evolution
                                                               drill holes drilled in FY21 and historical drilling




28 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                  Discovery FY21 Annual Report




Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 29
FY21 Annual Report Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves




Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
Group Mineral Resources as at 31 December 2020 are estimated at 26.4 million ounces of gold and 904,000 tonnes of
copper compared with the estimate at 31 December 2019 of 15.2 million ounces of gold and 934,000 tonnes of copper. The
updated estimate accounts for mining depletion in FY20 of 929,000 ounces of gold. All Mineral Resources are constrained at
an A$2,000 per ounce economic threshold at Evolution’s 100% owned assets.

Group Ore Reserves as at 31 December 2020 are estimated at 9.9 million ounces of gold and 505,000 tonnes of copper
compared with the 31 December 2019 estimate of 6.6 million ounces of gold and 532,000 tonnes of copper after accounting
for mining depletion of 920,000 ounces of gold.




30 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                  Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves FY21 Annual Report




Commodity Price Assumptions                                  Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves associated with this
                                                             transaction (Bateman Gold Project) are currently excluded
At Evolution assets, commodity price assumptions used to     from Red Lake Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves as they
estimate the December 2020 Mineral Resources and Ore         are reported under the Canadian National Instrument
Reserves cut-off grades are unchanged and are provided       43-101 Standards (see the Technical Report dated
below. An AUD:CAD exchange rate assumption of 0.9 has        January 27, 2021 available under Battle North’s profile at
been used for Red Lake.                                      www.sedar.com) and are subject to change when reported
                                                             in accordance with the JORC Code 2012 and the ASX
ß Gold: A$1,450 per ounce for Ore Reserves,
                                                             Listing Rules. Revised estimates will be reported in
  A$2,000 per ounce for Mineral Resources
                                                             Evolution’s Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
ß Silver: A$20.00 per ounce for Ore Reserves,                Statement in February 2022.
  A$26.00 per ounce for Mineral Resources
                                                             The acquisition of the following assets from Northern
ß Copper: A$6,000 per ounce for Ore Reserves,
                                                             Star Resources Limited was completed as advised in ASX
  A$9,000 per ounce for Mineral Resources
                                                             release on 18 August 2021 and entitled “Kundana Assets
                                                             Sale Completes.“ Northern Star’s Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves are subject to an economic test to verify
                                                             Ore Reserves will be re-estimated according to Evolution’s
extraction is justified. The economic test includes all
                                                             estimation methodologies and reported in Evolution’s
capital, operating and sustaining costs and is performed
                                                             Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement in
via a sensitivity analysis using a range of assumed gold
                                                             February 2022.
prices from A$1,450 to A$2,200 per ounce and considers
a range of financial metrics including AISC, NPV and FCF.    ß 100% interest in the Kundana Operations
Sites may have different revenue assumptions in their        ß 51% interest in the East Kundana Joint Venture (EKJV)
final Ore Reserves financial model as detailed in previous
                                                             ß 100% interest in the certain tenements comprising the
statements.
                                                               Carbine Project
                                                             ß 75% interest in the West Kundana Joint Venture (WKJV)
JORC 2012 and ASX Listing
Rules Requirements
                                                             Evolution is not aware of any other new information
                                                             or data that materially affects the information contained
                                                             in the Annual Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
The Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves statement             Statement 31 December 2020 other than changes due
included in this report has been prepared in accordance      to normal mining depletion during the six months ended
with the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for          30 June 2021.
reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves” (the JORC Code 2012) and the ASX Listing
Rules for all Evolution assets.                              Governance and Internal
                                                             Controls
Changes since 31 December
                                                             Evolution reports its Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
2020 Mineral Resources and                                   on an annual basis, with Mineral Resources inclusive of Ore

Ore Reserves Statement                                       Reserves. Reporting is in accordance with the 2012 Edition
                                                             of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
                                                             Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves and the
Evolution’s Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves as
                                                             ASX Listing Rules. All Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
at 31 December 2020 were released to the ASX on
                                                             estimates and procedures are subject to internal and
17 February 2021 in the report entitled “Annual Mineral
                                                             external review by qualified professionals. All Competent
Resources and Ore Reserves Statement.”
                                                             Persons named by Evolution are suitably qualified and
The Battle North acquisition announced by Evolution on       experienced as per minimum acceptable requirements
15 March 2021 was successfully completed on                  defined in the JORC Code 2012 Edition. Prior to the public
19 May 2021 as advised in ASX release on 20 May 2021         release of the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates,
and entitled “Completion of Battle North Acquisition.”       they are reviewed by the Evolution Board.




                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 31
FY21 Annual Report Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves




Competent Persons Statement
The information in this statement that relates to the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves listed in the table below is based
on, and fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by the Competent Person whose name
appears in the same row, who is employed on a full-time basis by Evolution (except for Mark Boon who is a full-time
contractor), and is a Member or Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM), Australian Institute
of Geoscientists (AIG) or Recognised Professional Organisation (RPO) and consents to the inclusion in this report of the
matters based on their information in the form and context in which it appears. Each person named in the table below has
sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the
activity which he has undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC Code 2012.

Evolution employees acting as a Competent Person may hold equity in Evolution and may be entitled to participate in
Evolution’s executive equity long-term incentive plan, details of which are included in Evolution’s annual Remuneration
Report. Annual replacement of depleted Ore Reserves is one of the performance measures of Evolution’s long-term incentive
plans.

Activity                                            Competent Person            Membership             Status
Cowal Mineral Resource                              James Biggam                AusIMM                 Member
Cowal Open Pit Ore Reserve                          Ryan Kare                   AusIMM                 Member
Cowal Underground Ore Reserve                       Joshua Northfield           AusIMM                 Member
Red Lake Mineral Resource                           Dean Fredericksen           AusIMM                 Member
Red Lake Ore Reserve                                Brad Armstrong              RPO                    Member
Mungari Mineral Resource                            Brad Daddow                 AIG                    Member
Mungari Open Pit Ore Reserve                        Chris Honey                 AusIMM                 Member
Mungari Underground Ore Reserve                     Mark Boon                   AusIMM                 Member
Mt Carlton Mineral Resource                         Ben Coutts                  AusIMM                 Member
Mt Carlton Open Pit Ore Reserve                     Anton Kruger                AusIMM                 Fellow
Mt Carlton Underground Ore Reserve                  Anton Kruger                AusIMM                 Fellow
Mt Rawdon Mineral Resource                          Justin Watson               AusIMM                 Fellow
Mt Rawdon Ore Reserve                               Thomas Lethbridge           AusIMM                 Member
Marsden Mineral Resources                           James Biggam                AusIMM                 Member
Marsden Ore Reserve                                 Anton Kruger                AusIMM                 Fellow

Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore
Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2020” released 3 February 2021 and available to view at www.glencore.com.
The information in this statement that relates to the Ernest Henry Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve is based on, and fairly
represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by Jessica Shiels and Michael Corbett respectively. Jessica
and Michael are members of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and are full-time employees of Glencore. The
Company confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in Glencore’s market
release continue to apply and have not materially changed. Jessica and Michael consent to the inclusion in this report of the
matters based on their information in the form and context in which it appears.




32 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                    Table 1: December 2020 Group Gold Mineral Resource Statement – excludes Battle North Gold (Bateman Project) and Kundana Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Dec 19
                                                                          Gold                                     Measured                              Indicated                            Inferred                           Total Resource
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Resource

                                                                                                                     Gold         Gold                     Gold        Gold                    Gold         Gold                      Gold        Gold     CP4    Gold
                                                                                                         Tonnes                               Tonnes                              Tonnes                               Tonnes
                                                        Project                    Type      Cut-Off                 Grade        Metal                    Grade       Metal                   Grade        Metal                     Grade       Metal           Metal
                                                                                                          (Mt)                                 (Mt)                                (Mt)                                 (Mt)
                                                                                                                     (g/t)        (koz)                    (g/t)       (koz)                   (g/t)        (koz)                     (g/t)       (koz)           (koz)
                                                        Cowal1                Open pit        0.35        20.63       0.46         306        209.19        0.85       5,724       22.90        0.84         615        252.71         0.82       6,645      1    6,0891
                                                        Cowal                      UG           1.5         -           -            -         22.78        2.55       1,868        14.75        2.43        1,151       37.53         2.50       3,019      1    2,502
                                                        Cowal1                 Total                      20.63       0.46         306        231.97        1.02       7,593       37.65        1.46        1,765      290.24          1.04       9,664    1      8,591
                                                        Red Lake3              Total           3.3          -           -            -        28.09         7.45       6,371        19.72       6.82        4,322       47.81          7.19       11,053   2        -
                                                        Mungari1              Open pit         0.5          -           -            -         37.55        1.19        1,443       6.80         1.35        296        44.36          1.22       1,739    3      1,849
                                                        Mungari                    UG           1.8        0.34       5.09          56          1.78        3.25         187        2.58         2.46        204          4.71         2.95        448     3       560
                                                        Mungari1               Total                      0.34        5.09          56        39.34         1.29       1,629        9.39        1.66         500        49.07          1.39       2,186    3      2,409
                                                        Mt Rawdon1             Total           0.21       7.29        0.34          81         32.91       0.60         630        10.47        0.52         175        50.66         0.54         885     4      1,062
                                                        Mt Carlton1           Open pit        0.35           -           -           -         6.96        0.70          157         2.17       2.56          178         9.12         1.14        335     5       3431
                                                        Mt Carlton3                UG          2.55         -           -            -          0.33        4.26         45         0.08         3.19        7.88        0.40          4.05        52      5        75
                                                                    1
                                                        Mt Carlton             Total                        -            -           -          7.28        0.86         201        2.24         2.58        186         9.53          1.26        387     5       418
                                                        Ernest Henry2          Total           0.9        4.29        0.51          70        45.43         0.61        896         8.98        0.61         177        58.70          0.61       1,143    6      1,288
                                                        Marsden                Total           0.2           -          -            -        119.83       0.27        1,031        3.14        0.22          22        122.97        0.27        1,053    1      1,053
                                                        Total                                             32.55       0.49          513       504.85        1.15       18,711      91.59        2.43        7,147      628.99          1.30       26,371          15,167
                                                    Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding. Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of Ore Reserves. UG denotes underground.
                                                    1                          2                                              3
                                                        Includes stockpiles        Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq   Red Lake cut-off is 3.3g/t Au except for Cochenour (3.0g/t Au) and HG Young (3.2g/t Au) deposits
                                                    4
                                                        Group Mineral Resources Competent Person (CP) Notes refer to 1. James Biggam; 2. Dean Fredericksen; 3. Brad Daddow; 4. Justin Watson; 5. Ben Coutts; 6. Jessica Shiels (Glencore)
                                                    5
                                                        The Mineral Resource for the Mt Carlton A39 underground deposit has been estimated using a AuEq (g/t) cut-off of 4.4g/t to enable quotation of this silver rich deposit as equivalent gold ounces.

                                                    The gold equivalent (AuEq) calculation accounts for silver recoveries determined from metallurgical test work and uses an assumed silver price of A$26/oz and gold price of A$2,000/oz as per the below equation.

                                                    AuEq=26/2,000*0.8203*silver grade (Silver price/Gold price*silver recovery*silver grade). It is the Competent Persons opinion that the assigned cut-off criteria satisfies the JORC Code requirement that the
                                                    reported Mineral Resource meets reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction and that the silver present within the A39 deposit can be economically recovered.

                                                    Full details of the Evolution Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Annual Mineral Resources an Ore Reserves Statement” released to the ASX on 17 February 2021 and available to
                                                    view at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2020” released
                                                    3 February 2021 and available to view at www.glencore.com.

                                                    The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the Reports and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the
                                                    estimates in the Reports continue to apply and have not materially changed except for the Cowal Underground. This revised information is provided in ASX release entitled ‘Cowal Underground Board Approval,
                                                    Red Lake Growth Update and Group Three-year Outlook‘ released on 16 July 2021 and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent
                                                    Persons’ findings are presented have not been materially modified from the Reports. Evolution Mining has an economic interest earning rights to 100% of the revenue from future gold production and 30% of future
                                                    copper and silver produced from an agreed area, and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed area. The Ernest Henry Resource is reported here on the
                                                    basis of economic interest and not the entire mine resource. The above reported figures constitute 77% of the total Ernest Henry gold resource.
Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 33                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves FY21 Annual Report
                                                    Table 2: December 2020 Group Gold Ore Reserve Statement – excludes Battle North Gold (Bateman Project) and Kundana Assets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Dec 19
                                                                            Gold                                             Proved                                    Probable                                 Total Reserve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Competent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Person4
                                                                                                           Tonnes        Gold Grade Gold Metal            Gold Grade Gold Metal                      Tonnes      Gold Grade Gold Metal                       Gold Metal
                                                           Project           Type           Cut-Off                                            Tonnes(Mt)
                                                                                                            (Mt)            (g/t)     (koz)                  (g/t)     (koz)                          (Mt)          (g/t)     (koz)                            (koz)
                                                        Cowal1             Open pit          0.45          20.60              0.46           306          104.72          0.96          3,241         125.32         0.88           3,547              1        3,6341
                                                        Cowal           Underground           1.8             -                 -              -           12.55          2.59          1,045         12.55          2.59           1,045              2
                                                        Cowal                Total                         20.60              0.46           306          117.27          1.14         4,287          137.87          1.04         4,593                         4,438
                                                        Red Lake3            Total            4.3             -                 -              -           13.16         6.90          2,929          13.16          6.90          2,929               3
                                                        Mungari         Underground           2.9             -                 -              -           0.30           3.57           35           0.30           3.57            35                4          68
                                                        Mungari1           Open pit          0.75             -                 -              -           9.68           1.35           419           9.68           1.35           419               5          500
34 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021




                                                        Mungari1             Total                            -                 -              -           9.98           1.41          454           9.98            1.41          454                           568
                                                        Mt Rawdon1         Open pit           0.3           4.26              0.41            56           15.82         0.67           342           20.08          0.62            398               6          538
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            FY21 Annual Report Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves



                                                        Mt Carlton1        Open pit           0.8             -                 -              -            6.13          0.63           124           6.13          0.63            124               7         2701
                                                        Mt Carlton5     Underground           3.2             -                 -              -           0.30           4.52           44           0.30           4.52             44               7          40
                                                        Mt Carlton1          Total                            -                 -              -           6.43           0.81           168          6.43           0.81            168               7          311

                                                        Ernest Henry2 Underground             0.9           2.67              0.81            70          29.94          0.47           455           32.62          0.50            525               8          660

                                                        Marsden            Open pit           0.3             -                 -              -           65.17         0.39            817          65.17          0.39            817               7          817
                                                                                             Total          27.54             0.49           432          257.77          1.14         9,452         285.31          1.08          9,884                         6,642
                                                    Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding
                                                    1                                                                    3
                                                        Includes stockpiles 2 Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq       Red Lake cut-off is 4.3g/t Au except for Lower Campbell (4.4g/t Au) and Upper Campbell (2.5g/t Au) deposits
                                                    4
                                                        Group Ore Reserve Competent Person (CP) Notes refer to 1. Ryan Kare; 2. Joshua Northfield; 3. Brad Armstrong; 4. Mark Boon; 5. Chris Honey; 6. Thomas Lethbridge; 7. Anton Kruger; 8. Michael Corbett (Glencore).
                                                    5
                                                        The Ore Reserve for the Mt Carlton A39 underground deposit has been estimated using a AuEq (g/t) cut-off of 6.1g/t to enable quotation of this silver rich deposit as equivalent gold ounces

                                                    The gold equivalent (AuEq) calculation accounts for silver recoveries determined from metallurgical test work and uses an assumed silver price of A$20/oz and gold price of A$1,450/oz as per the below equation.

                                                    AuEq = 20/1,450*0.8203*silver grade (Silver price/Gold price*silver recovery*silver grade). It is the Competent Persons opinion that the assigned cut-off criteria meets the minimum acceptable criteria to support
                                                    economic extraction and that the silver present within the A39 deposit can be economically recovered.

                                                    Full details of the Evolution Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Annual Mineral Resources an Ore Reserves Statement” released to the ASX on 17 February 2021 and available to
                                                    view at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2020” released 3
                                                    February 2021 and available to view at www.glencore.com.

                                                    The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the Reports and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the estimates
                                                    in the Reports continue to apply and have not materially changed except for the Cowal Underground. This revised information is provided in ASX release entitled ‘Cowal Underground Board Approval, Red Lake
                                                    Growth Update and Group Three-year Outlook‘ released on 16 July 2021 and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’
                                                    findings are presented have not been materially modified from the Reports. Evolution Mining has an economic interest earning rights to 100% of the revenue from future gold production and 30% of future copper
                                                    and silver produced from an agreed area, and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed area. The Ernest Henry Resource is reported here on the basis of
                                                    economic interest and not the entire mine resource. The above reported figures constitute 86% of the total Ernest Henry gold reserve.
                                                    Table 3: December 2020 Group Copper Mineral Resource Statement

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Dec 19
                                                                        Copper                                    Measured                        Indicated                            Inferred                       Total Resource
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Resources
                                                                                                                   Copper     Copper               Copper      Copper                  Copper     Copper                  Copper      Copper       CP3
                                                                                                   Tonnes                                Tonnes                           Tonnes                             Tonnes                                          Copper
                                                    Project               Type       Cut-Off                       Grade       Metal               Grade        Metal                  Grade       Metal                  Grade        Metal
                                                                                                    (Mt)                                  (Mt)                             (Mt)                               (Mt)                                          Metal (kt)
                                                                                                                    (%)         (kt)                (%)          (kt)                   (%)         (kt)                   (%)          (kt)
                                                    Marsden               Total        0.2              -            -              -    119.83     0.46        553           3.14       0.24        7        122.97        0.46          560       1          560
                                                    Ernest Henry2         Total       0.9           1.54            0.93            14   20.20       1.16       234            7.11      1.16       83        28.85         1.15          331       2          356
                                                                1
                                                    Mt Carlton           Open pit     0.35              -            -              -     1.25      0.29         4            1.04       0.43        5         2.29         0.29            7       3          14
                                                    Mt Carlton             UG         2.55              -            -              -     0.33      1.30         4            0.08       1.07        1         0.40         1.25                    3           4
                                                    Mt Carlton1           Total                         -            -              -     1.58      0.50         8             1.12      0.48        5         2.69         0.49          13        3           18
                                                    Total                                           1.54            0.93           14    141.61     0.56        794           11.36      0.84       95        154.51        0.58          904                  934
                                                                                                    3
                                                    Group Mineral Resources Competent Person (CP) Notes refer to: 1. James Biggam; 2. Jessica Shiels (Glencore); 3 Ben Coutts



                                                    Table 4: December 2020 Group Copper Ore Reserve Statement

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Dec 19
                                                                         Copper                                             Proved                                   Probable                                Total Reserve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Competent
                                                                                                                                         Copper                                       Copper                                       Copper                     Copper
                                                                                                            Tonnes          Copper                   Tonnes        Copper                         Tonnes         Copper                          Person3
                                                    Project                 Type        Cut-Off                                           Metal                                        Metal                                        Metal                      Metal
                                                                                                             (Mt)          Grade (%)                  (Mt)        Grade (%)                        (Mt)         Grade (%)
                                                                                                                                           (kt)                                         (kt)                                         (kt)                       (kt)
                                                    Marsden                                  0.3              -                -           -           65.17           0.57            371         65.17           0.57             371             1            371
                                                                    2
                                                    Ernest Henry            Total            0.9             0.80            1.49          12          12.94           0.91            117         13.74           0.94             129             2           150
                                                    Mt Carlton1           Open pit           1.8              -                -           -           0.32            0.12             0          0.32            0.12              0              1            10
                                                    Mt Carlton          Underground          3.2              -                -           -           0.30            1.40             4          0.30            1.40              4              1                1
                                                    Mt Carlton1             Total                             -                -           -           0.62            0.74             5          0.62            0.74              5              1               11
                                                    Total                                                    0.80            1.49          12         78.73            0.63            493         79.53           0.63             505                         532
                                                    Group Ore Reserve Competent Person3 (CP) Notes refer to: 1. Anton Kruger; 2. Michael Corbett (Glencore)

                                                    The following notes relate to Tables 3 and 4. Data is reported to significant figures to reflect appropriate precision and may not sum precisely due to rounding. Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of Ore
                                                    Reserves. Evolution cut-off grades are reported in g/t gold. 1 Includes stockpiles. 2 Ernest Henry Operation cut-off 0.9% CuEq. Full details of the Evolution Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in
                                                    the report entitled “Annual Mineral Resources an Ore Reserves Statement” released to the ASX on 17 February 2021 and available to view at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Full details of the Ernest Henry Mineral
                                                    Resources and Ore Reserves are provided in the report entitled “Glencore Resources and Reserves as at 31 December 2020” released
                                                    3 February 2021 and available to view at www.glencore.com.

                                                    The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the Report and that all material assumptions and parameters underpinning the
                                                    estimates in the Report continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not been materially
                                                    modified from the Reports. Evolution Mining has an economic interest earning rights to 100% of the revenue from future gold production and 30% of future copper and silver produced from an agreed life of mine
                                                    area, and 49% of future gold, copper and silver produced from the Ernest Henry Resource outside the agreed area. Ernest Henry Reserve is reported here on the basis of economic interest and not the entire mine
                                                    reserve. The above reported figures constitute 38% of the total Ernest Henry copper resource and 35% of the total Ernest Henry copper reserve.
Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 35                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves FY21 Annual Report
FY21
Sustainability
Report




Sustainability Snapshot           38
Executive Chairman on
Sustainability at Evolution      44
Our Approach to Sustainability   46
Governance                       47
Environment                      65
Health, Safety and Wellbeing     89
People and Culture               97
Community                        105
Glossary                         121
  Evolution acknowledges our First Nation Partners and
  Indigenous Peoples throughout Australia and Canada and
  recognises their continuing connection to land, waters
  and community. We pay our respects to them and their
  cultures; and to Elders past, present and emerging.




"Sustainability has long been at
 the core of Evolution’s culture.
 We remain committed to driving
 programs that help address
 broader societal and environmental
 issues, such as climate change,
 and transparently disclosing
 our progress toward our key
 sustainability goals."

James Askew,
Board Risk and
Sustainability Committee Chair
FY21 Sustainability Report FY21 Sustainability Snapshot




FY21 Sustainability Snapshot

Safety, Wellbeing and Risk
                                                          Implemented and monitored
Active reporting, learning and                            controls to keep our people
sharing culture supported by                              safe during COVID-19 and no
weekly storytelling sessions                              interruption to operations




100% 100%
of material and critical actions closed                   of significant incidents reviewed with
                                                          senior management and front-line leaders




85%
Training compliance goal of                               to promote learning across the business


                                                          Strong hazard        Increased
                                                                               services to meet
                                                          reporting            demand for
                                                          culture              mental health and
achieved (22% improvement in                                                   wellbeing support
FY21 compared to FY20)                                                         during COVID-19



Zero fatalities and prevention through safety in design principles


 Governance



100%
                                                          Tailings Storage Facility (TSF)
                                                          Governance Committee providing
                                                          effective oversight of TSF management

                                                          Published 2020 Modern
of all assets internally and                              Slavery Statement, Supplier
externally audited and verified                           Code of Conduct and
with oversight from the Board
Risk and Sustainability Committee                         Procurement Statement

38 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                               FY21 Sustainability Snapshot   FY21 Sustainability Report




People



21%
increase in female workforce


                                                            231
participation compared to FY20




7%
7% Indigenous workforce
(consistent with FY20)
                                                        ‘Act Like an Owner’
                                                            nominations
                                                           (17% increase
                                                        compared to FY20)




87%
‘Choose to Stay’ (employee retention rate)
against a target of 87%
                                             42%
                                              of jobs filled internally
                                              (2% increase compared to FY20)




Aligned reporting with four key              Transparency with ESG
Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) reporting frameworks reporting         reporting agencies
including Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) and Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)                 Became signatory to the
                                             United Nations Global
Independent sustainability materiality       Compact
assessment completed

                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 39
FY21 Sustainability Report FY21 Sustainability Snapshot




Environment




                                                          70%
Commitment to Net Zero                                    Over
greenhouse gas emissions
by 2050 and 30% reduction
by 2030 – aligned with the
Paris Agreement (FY20
baseline for Scope 1 and 2)                               renewable energy at Red Lake operations




25%
Improved water security with




increase in water reuse                                                323
                                                                      hectares of land
No material                                                      rehabilitated on mine sites
environmental incidents




                                                          100%
                                                          of sites covered under biodiversity plans




40 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    FY21 Sustainability Snapshot FY21 Sustainability Report




Community



                                                                            67%
Strong partnerships
through locally relevant
projects and engagement
                                                                              local employment across our operations




       A$3.30M                                                                     A$1.80B
                                                                                              contribution to
                 in direct community                                                        the Australian and
                      investment                                                           Canadian economies2




                                                                            A$129.8M contribution to
                                                                            local and regional businesses3
                                                                            and organisations including
                         Committed                                          A$100.4M in direct spend
                                                                            with local organisations

    A$1.79M                                                                 (27% increase in local spend
                                                                            compared to FY20)
          to 7 Shared Value Projects1
                                                                            Contributed over A$2.5M (since the
                                                                            pandemic began) to provide direct and
                                                                            indirect support to our local communities
                                                                            impacted by the pandemic
12 3




1      Shared Value Project spend was A$912K in FY21
2      Economic contributions include supplier payments, wages, dividend payments, interest, taxes, royalties, community investment,
       payments to providers of capital and payments to financial institutions (interest)
3      Local and regional organisations are defined by postcode in relation to geographical proximity to Evolution mine sites

                                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 41
FY21 Sustainability Report Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Ratings Performance




Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) Ratings Performance
 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment                          Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI)
 CSA SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment S&P Global:                 MSCI rating score of ‘AA’ for the Company’s resilience to
 Inclusion in 2020 Dow Jones Sustainability Index Australia              long-term ESG risks4
 and 19% improvement in year-on-year score




Shared Value Projects
The following Shared Value Projects (SVP) were supported in FY21:

New                                                                        Ongoing

ß Red Lake Fire Recovery Support – Emergency Service                       ß University of Queensland’s Research for Early Cancer
  capability uplift                                                          Diagnosis Using Gold (extending to long haul COVID-19)
ß Mt Rawdon: Mt Perry Summit Walk Trail Upgrade                            ß Great Barrier Reef Beach Scrub Protection
ß West Wyalong Community Theatre                                           ß Johnathan Thurston JT Academy
ß 1770 Cultural Immersion Festival                                         ß Great Barrier Reef Yellow Zone Research Project
ß Galari Agricultural Company5
ß West Wyalong Advocate Newspaper
ß University of Queensland Sustainable Transformational
  Reuse and Economic Alternatives for Mine Waste Study

4     The use by Evolution Mining of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service
      marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Evolution Mining by MSCI.
      MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names
      and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI
5     Partnered with Wiradjuri Condobolin Corporation to undertake a study on the feasibility of the Galari Project




Our sustainability vision is to
deliver long-term stakeholder
value through safe, low cost gold
production in an environmentally
and socially responsible way.

42 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                 Our values    FY21 Sustainability Report




Our values
Our values guide behaviours and decisions in the workplaces every day:




                    Safety                                    Accountability
     Think before we act, every job, every day   If it is my responsibility, I own it – good or bad




                 Excellence                                        Respect
      We take pride in our work, deliver our           We trust each other, act honestly
       best and always strive to improve               and consider each other’s opinion




                          "Evolution’s commitment to
                           sustainability is core to our
                           business and drives our thinking
                           about who we are and how we will
                           be relevant in decades to come."

                           Fiona Murfitt,
                           VP Sustainability

                                                       Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 43
FY21 Sustainability Report The Executive Chairman on Sustainability at Evolution




The Executive Chairman on
Sustainability at Evolution
On behalf of the Evolution team, I am pleased to present our FY21 Sustainability
Report which describes the progress we are making on delivering long-term
stakeholder value through safe, low-cost gold production in an environmentally
and socially responsible way.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound impact                      Respect is one of our values at Evolution. Building an
around the globe. Through strong collective leadership and           increasingly inclusive culture where everyone can bring
management, Evolution has continued to operate safely                their true self to work has been enhanced by a dedicated
through COVID-19 with no material impact on operations.              Inclusion and Diversity measure and target in FY22. This
Since the pandemic began, we have contributed over                   has been developed to support positive inclusion outcomes
A$2.5 million to provide direct and indirect support to our          to help deliver the long-term goal of making people’s time
local communities impacted by the pandemic.                          at Evolution a highlight of their career.

During the year, we focussed on building a learning                  The recent destruction of culturally sensitive land in
culture so that our people have greater understanding of             Australia challenged the industry to review protocols,
the controls in place to keep them safe and healthy. We              standards, and processes. In FY21, Cultural Heritage risks
remain committed to continuing efforts to improve health             associated with our current and future activities were
and safety performance with a heavy focus on robust                  re-assessed to ensure that our management is thorough
controls, increased field leadership and high-quality safety         and transparent. This management continues to be
interactions. The focus on understanding and supporting              underpinned by close engagement with our First Nation
holistic wellbeing was also accelerated due to the changing          Partners and Indigenous Peoples.
demands of the pandemic.
                                                                     Significant social contributions through our activities
We strengthened our evaluation and disclosure of climate             included a A$1.80 billion contribution to the Australian and
change risks and opportunities for our business with                 Canadian economies, with a A$129.8 million contribution
increased alignment with the Task Force on Climate-                  to the local and regional businesses and organisations
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and a commitment                in which we operate. Examples of Shared Value Projects
to a Net Zero future by reducing greenhouse gas emissions            and partnerships are highlighted in this report and include
by 30% by 2030, and Net Zero emissions by 2050, aligned              breakthrough cancer and COVID-19 research with the
with the climate change goals of the Paris Agreement. We             University of Queensland, Red Lake fire recovery support,
will focus on reducing emissions across our operations,              the revival of the West Wyalong Advocate newspaper and
as we partner with others to use renewable energy and                partnership with Rural Aid that facilitated the installation
develop new technology solutions. Detailed planning                  of SOURCE hydro panel arrays at two schools in the
of emission reductions pathways, actions and project                 Whitsunday region in North Queensland.
assessment modelling is underway to address climate risks
                                                                     At Evolution, we want our team members to ‘Act Like
in the medium and long term.
                                                                     an Owner’ (ALO) by treating our business as their own.
The ongoing management of Tailings Storage Facilities                In FY21, the ALO program continued to grow and drive
(TSFs) is also material. In FY21, the management,                    continuous improvements to deliver significant value
governance and assurance practices for TSFs were                     through innovation across sustainability and other
strengthened. Sustainability has been fully integrated into          business-critical areas. 231 ALO initiatives across the
life-of-mine planning as demonstrated by the improved                business were implemented.
planning, training and review processes, supported by the
rigour of the TSF Committee.




44 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                  The Executive Chairman on Sustainability at Evolution FY21 Sustainability Report




An increased level of transparency, due diligence and
reporting has continued as evidenced via our Modern
Slavery Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct being
published. In this area in FY22 we intend to focus on
improving the breadth and depth of our human rights risk
assessments. Our high levels of transparency have been
recognised by key ratings agencies including the Dow
Jones Sustainability Index Australia and resulted in an
upgrade to an ‘AA’ rating from MSCI. We also became a
signatory to the United Nations Global Compact in FY21
and are pleased to include our first “Communication on
Progress’ within this report.

Sustainability is at the heart of our purpose and we are
committed to continually improving our sustainability
performance in FY22. I would like to acknowledge and
thank all our staff, contractors, partners and our local
communities in which we operate, for their dedication and
ongoing contribution to our sustainability efforts which are
making a measurable impact.

Yours faithfully




JAKE KLEIN
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN




                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 45
FY21 Sustainability Report Our Approach to Sustainability




Our Approach to Sustainability

Boundary and Scope                                              Management Approach
Evolution’s FY21 Sustainability Report marks the fourth         Information
year of annual reporting on the sustainability topics that
                                                                Management approach information related to each material
are most material to our business and stakeholders. This
                                                                topic is available in this Report and on the Evolution Mining
Report is for the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021
                                                                website at https://evolutionmining.com.au/sustainability/
and is approved for release by our Board of Directors.


                                                                Information Integrity and
The Sustainability Report covers operations at our
100%-owned gold mines in Australia and Canada: Cowal
in New South Wales, Mt Carlton and Mt Rawdon in
Queensland, Mungari in Western Australia, Red Lake
                                                                Report Audit
in Ontario and our exploration activities in Australia          In the preparation of Evolution’s Sustainability Report,
and Canada. In addition to these assets, we hold an             quality and relevant information is gathered, recorded,
economic interest in the Ernest Henry copper-gold mine          analysed and disclosed to prepare the Report in a way that
in Queensland, a large-scale, long-life asset operated by       is readily available for examination. Assurance reporting
Glencore. More information on Ernest Henry’s sustainability     is undertaken on National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) and
performance is available on the Glencore website.               greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as part of the submission
                                                                to National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007
This Report is aligned with the principles of GRI, TCFD,
                                                                (NGER Act). Technical experts have also been engaged to
the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and the
                                                                complete a range of internal audit processes.
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
To aid the cross-referencing of this Report’s information
on Evolution’s material aspects to elements of the GRI
Sustainability Reporting Standards and other ESG
                                                                Contact
frameworks, a separate ESG Performance Data document            We welcome feedback and invite readers to send
has been prepared and links with this report. It is available   any comments or enquiries about this report to us at
online at https://evolutionmining.com.au/sustainability/        esgreporting@evolutionmining.com




46 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Governance
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




Governance

FY21 Highlights

Alignment of disclosures                                      Tailings Storage Facility (TSF)
                                                              Governance Committee providing
with GRI, TCFD and ASX                                        effective oversight of TSF
Corporate Governance                                          management
Recommendation 7.46

Strong collective leadership to
navigate COVID-19 safely with no
material impact                                                             Published


No material environmental
non-conformances                                                       2020
                                                                   Modern Slavery Statement,
Representation with                                                Supplier Code of Conduct
Industry Working Groups                                               and Procurement
in all jurisdictions                                                      Statement
addressing transition risk
to a lower carbon economy




                                                              98%
Strategic uplift in the integration of
Sustainability Principles, Policies
and Standards



                                                              compliance on Cyber
                                                              Awareness Training



of all assets internally and
externally audited and verified with
oversight from the Board Risk and
Sustainability Committee
6




6   ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations



48 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                            Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




Our Sustainability Principles
Sustainability is integrated into every aspect of the business to ensure we deliver long-term stakeholder value through
safe, reliable, low-cost gold production in an environmentally and socially responsible way. Our approach is guided by nine
Sustainability Principles which align with the UNSDGs.




                                                                            3                                                            5
             1
     Be an employer of choice
                                                                   Contribute positively
                                                                  to local, regional and
                                                                  national sustainability
                                                                                                                             Protect and enhance our
                                                                                                                              reputation as a trusted
         attracting the most                                       efforts by achieving                                         partner and provide
    talented people and foster                                     an outstanding level                                      community benefits that
         a safe, diverse and                                        of environmental                                          endure beyond the life
        inclusive workplace                                            stewardship                                                 of our mines




                                         Demonstrate                                               Actively manage
                                          robust risk                                           climate related risks
                                       management and                                             and opportunities
                                       safety leadership                                         including improving



                                              2
                                                                                                   energy efficiency
                                                                                                 and the responsible
                                                                                                management of water



                                                                                                        4
                                                                                            8
                                 6
                                                                                    Be transparent at all
                                                                                     levels of Corporate
                                                                                    Governance, comply
                                                                                    with applicable laws
                     Advance the outcomes                                           and regulations and
                     for indigenous peoples                                        operate at the highest
                         and protect their                                         standards of financial
                        Cultural Heritage                                          and ethical behaviour




                                                      Respect the human                                         Relentlessly drive for
                                                        rights of all our                                            operational
                                                         stakeholders                                            excellence through



                                                            7
                                                                                                                an innovative culture
                                                                                                                and inspired people
                                                                                                                  delivering to plan



                                                                                                                        9



                                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 49
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




Strategy Focus
Sustainability: Integrated Into Everything We Do
                                                         Unlock potential through
                                                          leadership to develop
                                                          protective behaviours



                   Assurance to
                 promote ongoing                                                                      Disciplined, consistent and
                   improvement                                                                        reliable management – the
                                                                                                          right way every time
                                                              Health, Safety
                                                              and Wellbeing

                                                                                Risk Management
                                      Governance and
                                                                                    including
                                        Assurance
                                                                               Climate-related risk



  Shared stories                                                                                                    Commitment to
    strengthen                                                Collective                                             reduction in
   reputation.               Storytelling and                                                                       environmental
Resilient to change
                                                             Leadership                    Environment
                                                                                                                       footprint
                              ESG Reporting
  with improved
    disclosure




                                     Cultural Heritage                              Water and
                                      and Indigenous                                Emissions
                                       Engagement
                                                              Community
                 Protect Cultural                             Management                              Our 'Net Zero'
                Heritage and First
                                                                                                         future
                 Nation Partner
                  relationships


                                                    Social licence to operate through
                                                       targeted community plans

Our sustainability strategy focuses on value creation to advance our sustainability performance through:

ß Unlocking potential through leadership to develop proactive behaviours
ß Disciplined, consistent and reliable risk management – the right way every time
ß A commitment to reduction in environmental footprint
ß Our Net Zero future
ß Further enhancing our social licence to operate through targeted community plans
ß Protecting Cultural Heritage and First Nation Partner relationships
ß Strengthening reputation through shared stories supported by a strong reporting culture. Resilient to change with
  improved disclosures
ß Assurance to promote ongoing improvement




50 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




Sustainability Policy and Strategic Planning Policy
The Sustainability Policy7 and Strategic Planning Policy8 outline how sustainability is integrated into the business and are
designed to be read together. These policies focus on the holistic management of risks in:

ß Health and safety
ß Environment
ß Cultural Heritage
ß Human Rights
ß Risk-based decision making
ß Reporting, learning excellence, innovation, and continuous improvement
ß Crisis and emergency management and corporate governance
ß Accountabilities for Risk, Sustainability and Strategic Planning


Sustainability Performance Standards and Strategic Planning
Standards
The Sustainability Performance Standards9 and Strategic Planning Standards support the Sustainability Policy and Strategic
Planning Policy in providing the minimum risk and sustainability requirements to be met or exceeded in all areas of our
business, including our operations, exploration and Group activities.

In FY21 an internal audit of each asset for compliance was completed against these standards. While we identified
areas for improvement, we did not identify any material risks or issues. These findings were independently verified by
third-party auditors.




                                                       Sustainability Principles



                                               Sustainability                 Strategic
                                                  Policy                   Planning Policy
                    Integrated risk
                     management                                                                       Assurance
                                                                                                      programme
                      framework
                                                Sustainability            Strategic Planning
                                           Performance Standards              Standards




                                                      Management System, Operating
                                                        Processes and Procedures




Sustainability Materiality Assessment
An independent materiality assessment was conducted in FY21 to identify the most important environmental, social and
governance issues for key external and internal stakeholders. We use this input to help prioritise sustainability actions, inform
our sustainability strategy and ensure we report on the issues that are most important to our stakeholders.



7   Sustainability Policy
8   Strategic Planning Policy
9   Sustainability Performance Standards



                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 51
  FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




  Four step process for Materiality
                                                                       Material sustainability issues are identified by considering both internal and
                                                                       external factors, including a review of current and emerging sustainability
                                       1         Identify              topics in the media impacting the industry, risk assessments, internal policy,
                                                                       peer benchmarking and regular internal and external stakeholder engagement



                                                                       Topics are ranked based on their importance to the business and external
                                       2         Prioritise            stakeholders using a range of inputs, before being classified as high,
                                                                       medium or low




                                       3         Validate              The classification of topics is validated by our Leadership Team and the
                                                                       Board’s Risk & Sustainability Committee




                                       4         Report     Additional sustainability topics have also been included in this Report to
                                                            meet expectations of stakeholders and other reporting requirements.
                                                 and Review Material topics will be reviewed internally on an annual basis and
                                                            continue the full external refresh cycle every three years


  A broad range of sustainability issues were considered that are common to both local and global mining operations using
  peer and industry benchmarking of topics. These were analysed against international standards and guidelines, such as the
  GRI topic-specific disclosures and the SDGs. Results from ESG Surveys (i.e. CSA SAM, MSCI) were considered to incorporate
  investor input into the assessment.

  The materiality matrix identifying our material issues, and their alignment with our Sustainability Principles and relevant SDGs
  are described below.


  Evolution’s FY21 Sustainability Materiality Matrix
  All topics in the matrix have been identified as important to Evolution and its stakeholders Issues are listed in alphabetical
  order


                          ß   Cyber Security                       ß   Governance and Compliance               ß   Community Engagement
                          ß   Employee Engagement                  ß   Indigenous Stakeholder Outcomes         ß   Cultural Heritage
                          ß   Hazardous Chemicals                  ß   Stakeholder Engagement                  ß   Energy and Emissions
                              Management                           ß   Talent Attraction and Retention         ß   Work Health, Safety and Wellbeing
                          ß   Transport Safety                                                                 ß   Climate Risk
                                                                                                               ß   Diversity and Inclusion




Importance to Evolution
                                                                                                               ß   Tailings Management



                          ß   Effluents and Waste                  ß   Crisis Response (inc. Pandemic)         ß   Environmental Compliance
                          ß   Innovation and Technology                                                        ß   Land Use and Biodiversity
                                                                                                               ß   Local Employment
                                                                                                               ß   Mine Legacy and Rehabilitation
                                                                                                               ß   Water Management



                                                                  ß    Anti-Bribery and Corruption             ß   Modern Slavery and
                                                                                                                   Human Rights
                                                                                                               ß   Sustainable Procurement



                                                    Importance to and Impact on External Stakeholders
                                                     Priority 1        Priority 2         Priority 3           Priority 4



  52 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               EVN Sustainability
                                                                            EVN
                                                                                                  Principles
                                                                        material issues
                                                                                                  Alignment
                                                                    Climate risk                       4

                                                                    Effluents and Waste​               3

                                                                    Energy and emissions               4
                                                                    Environmental
                                                                                                       3
                                                                    Compliance​
                                                                    Land Use and
                                                                                                       3
                                                                    Biodiversity​
                                                                    Mine Closure:
                                                    Environmental
                                                                                                       3
                                                                    Rehabilitation
                                                                    Tailings Management​               3

                                                                    Water Management                   4
                                                                    Anti-Bribery and
                                                                                                       8
                                                                    Corruption​
                                                                    Cyber Security​                    2
                                                                    Governance and
                                                                                                       8
                                                                    Compliance​
                                                                    Hazardous Chemicals
                                                                                                       2
                                                                    Management​
                                                                    Innovation​ and
                                                                                                                    Material Topics mapped against the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and


                                                                                                       9
                                                    Governance      Technology
                                                                    Stakeholder
                                                                                                       8
                                                                    Engagement ​
                                                                    Sustainable procurement            8

                                                                    Transport Safety​                  2

                                                                    Community Engagement​              5
                                                                    Crisis response
                                                                                                       1
                                                                    (inc. Pandemic)
                                                                    Cultural Heritage​                 6

                                                                    Diversity and Inclusion​           1

                                                                    Employee Engagement                1
                                                                    Indigenous Stakeholder
                                                                                                       6
                                                    Social          Outcomes
                                                                    Local Employment                   1

                                                                    Mine Closure: Legacy​              5
                                                                    Modern Slavery and
                                                                                                       7
                                                                    Human Rights
                                                                    Talent Attraction and
                                                                                                                    Evolution Sustainability Principles


                                                                                                       1
                                                                    Retention
                                                                    Work Health, Safety and
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance FY21 Sustainability Report
Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 53




                                                                                                       1
                                                                    Wellbeing​
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




Performance (Progress against key targets)
In FY21, a number of measures and targets were used to quantify Evolution’s progress toward key strategic and sustainability
objectives set for FY21. Our performance against these measures and targets are aligned with our sustainability principles
and FY21 Balanced Business Plan (BBP). The BBP is designed to be a balanced scorecard which has five key business pillars:
Zero Harm and Sustainability, People, Operations, Growth and Financial Outcomes.

We are pleased to report that by the end of FY21, nearly all of our targets and measures were met or exceeded against these
relevant business pillars and all supporting projects objectives. Notably, the environmental target of reduction in fresh water
used by operations was significantly improved in addition to delivering agreed actions against our community (including
First Nation Partners) plans, and our ‘Choose to Stay’ (employee retention) rate. The target of energy and emissions per
tonne mined was also within range. This is discussed in more detail in the 'Environment' section.

The factors that contributed to significant reduction in fresh water use included record return volumes for the Tailings
Integrated Waste Landform (IWL) Cell at Cowal and successful reuse and harvesting strategies across all sites. The reduction
in the baseline was approximately a 26% improvement in FY21.

While we did not achieve the Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) target, each of our operations was actively involved
in implementing robust initiatives to help reduce the risk of incidents and to minimise the risk of injuries and illnesses.
Improvements were seen in leading safety metric improvements such as increased proactive reporting, training compliance,
field interactions, action close out and participation in weekly learning calls.

There was variable performance across the sites from world class, to needing improvement. Mt Rawdon set an Evolution
record of 463 days without a recordable injury and Mt Carlton exceeded 100 days since their last recordable injury as at 30
June 2021.

There was a reduction in the severity of injuries and in those incidents that could have been significantly higher potential
injuries. There has been ongoing commitment to the review of material actions to ensure these are addressed and closed out
on time (100% for FY21). These actions are reviewed on a weekly basis and reported on monthly, demonstrating a high level
of confidence in reporting.

The table below provides a snapshot of Evolution’s sustainability performance against key FY21 targets, mapped against
select material topics.


 Material Topic                       FY21 Target                                                   FY21 Performance

 Water Management                     0.54KL raw water drawn per dry tonne milled                   0.40KL raw water drawn
                                                                                                    per dry tonne milled
 Energy and Emissions                 0.012t CO2-e/t material mined (Scope 1 and 2)                 0.0129
 Environmental Compliance             Zero material environmental incidents                         Zero material
                                                                                                    environmental incidents
 Work Health, Safety and              Total recordable injury frequency rate (TRIF) - per million   9.62
 Wellbeing                            work hours at or below 5.25
 Cultural Heritage                    0 Material Cultural Heritage Incidents.                       0 Material Cultural
                                                                                                    Heritage Incidents
 Community Engagement                 Complete 100% of actions in Community Relations Plans.        100% of Actions in
                                                                                                    Community Relations
                                      0 Material Community Impact Incidents
                                                                                                    Plans have been
                                                                                                    completed

                                                                                                    0 Material Community
                                                                                                    Impact Incidents
 Talent Attraction and Retention      87% Choose to Stay (employee retention rate)                  87%




54 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                          Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




Stakeholder Engagement (material topic)
Definition: Reporting and engagement with investors, customers, Traditional Owners, regulators, local authorities etc.


Our Approach
A stakeholder engagement approach based on clear communication, transparency and trust, helps us to understand the
interests and concerns of our stakeholders and emerging issues and risks to our operations.

The Stakeholder Engagement Performance Standard ensures a consistent approach to engaging with communities,
employees and other stakeholders. Each of our sites use a systematic and recurring stakeholder mapping process (eg social
impact assessment) to identify and prioritise stakeholders from direct and indirect influence areas, and those interested in, or
potentially affected by site activities.

As site or social activities change (eg mine expansion projects, post-mine land use reviews, Black Lives Matter movement
and Juukan Gorge), the level of interest of different stakeholder groups and the nature of their interests and concerns can
also change. Special consideration is also given to identifying potentially vulnerable groups (either within the socio-economic
or the political context) whose voices and perspectives may not otherwise be heard.

The table below provides an overview of stakeholder groups engaged in FY21, key interests and concerns, and how
we generally respond to them. Updates on stakeholder engagement are provided to the Board Risk and Sustainability
Committee on a quarterly basis.


 Stakeholder        How we listen                        What matters                         How we respond
 type

 Employees and      ß Regular feedback sessions,         ß Feeling engaged and a sense        ß Communication
 Contractors          performance reviews and              of belonging, and being            ß Promote our values
                      personal development plans           enabled to do their job
                                                                                              ß Ongoing safety, health and
                    ß Regular Employee surveys           ß Regular performance feedback         wellbeing initiatives
                      (Teamgage)                         ß Career and development             ß Weekly staff meeting with
                    ß Group and site townhalls and         opportunities                        the Executive Chairman and
                      team meetings                      ß Fostering a values-led               Leadership Team
                    ß Communities of practice              organisational culture that        ß Site prestart meetings
                                                           optimises performance
                                                                                              ß Site Townhalls and updates
                                                         ß Health and safety including
                                                                                              ß GM updates
                                                           mental health and wellbeing
                                                                                              ß Weekly business updates
                                                         ß Mine life
                                                                                                from the Executive Chairman
 Investors and      ß Regular meetings with investor     ß Consistent financial returns       ß Investor briefings
 Analysts             representatives and financiers     ß Management of financial and        ß Full-year and half-year
                                                           non-financial risks                  results briefings
                                                         ß High-quality corporate             ß Annual General Meeting
                                                           governance                         ß ASX announcements
                                                         ß Sustainability and Climate         ß Commitment to global
                                                           change risk management               best-practice ESG reporting
                                                         ß Health and safety performance        frameworks
                                                         ß Cultural Heritage management       ß Targeted specific meetings
 First Nation       ß Regular community and              ß Local employment and               ß Regular community
 Partners and         Cultural Heritage meetings           contracting opportunities            consultations and
 Indigenous         ß Stakeholder perception surveys     ß Economic benefits                    communication
 Peoples                                                                                      ß Targeted community
                    ß Community grievance                ß Cultural Heritage management
                      mechanism                                                                 investment programs,
                                                         ß Cost of living and potential
                                                                                                Shared Value Projects etc.
                    ß Community events and                 impacts on local services
                      information sessions                                                    ß Deliver on Cultural heritage
                                                         ß Cultural safety
                                                                                                and Native Title agreements
                    ß Local social media channels        ß Mine life
                                                                                              ß Regular participation at
                                                                                                cultural events

                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 55
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




 Stakeholder        How we listen                     What matters                       How we respond
 type

 Government         ß Ongoing dialogue with           ß Economic benefits                ß Regular engagement with all
 and Regulators       regulators, government          ß Environmental, Cultural            levels of government
                      agencies and broad range of       Heritage, social and financial   ß Direct submissions to state
                      political stakeholders            performance                        and federal governments’
                                                      ß Climate change and                 consultation processes
                                                        greenhouse gas emissions         ß Contribute to industry and
                                                      ß Regulatory compliance              business associations

                                                      ß Transparency
                                                      ß Cultural Heritage
 Non-               ß Input into social and           ß Climate change and               ß Engagement on Shared
 Government           environmental impact              greenhouse gas emissions           Value Projects
 Organisations        assessments                     ß Cultural Heritage                ß Commitment to
                    ß Regular participation           ß Environmental impacts              international climate
                      in industry forums and                                               initiatives and reporting
                                                      ß Transparency
                      associations                                                         frameworks
                                                      ß Human rights
                                                                                         ß Partnerships for
                                                                                           environmental research
                                                                                         ß Engaged in the United
                                                                                           Nations Global Compact
 Suppliers and      ß Supplier networking events      ß Supply opportunities for         ß Collaborate to deliver
 Contractors        ß Workshops with local business     projects                           tangible safety
                      networks                        ß Health and safety                  improvements

                    ß Regular reciprocal supplier     ß Supporting Indigenous and        ß Collaborate to improve
                      performance reviews               local contractors                  Indigenous engagement
                                                                                           outcomes
                    ß Embedded supplier               ß Technology and innovation
                      relationship management with                                       ß Support programs to
                                                      ß Capable and effective
                      our Tier 1 suppliers                                                 develop local business
                                                        employees
                                                                                           capacity and capability
                    ß Supplier feedback survey




56 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: Rural Aid collaborations at Mt Rawdon
   and Mt Carlton
Rural Aid provides critical support to drought-affected         Hydro Panels
rural towns and farmers, strives to build stronger futures,
and enhances economic sustainability and wellbeing in           Mt Carlton and Rural Aid leveraged their existing
regional areas. In line with our vision and values, Evolution   partnership to facilitate the installation of 30 SOURCE
strengthened its ongoing partnership with Rural Aid to          Hydro Panels across Collinsville State High School and
create more sustainable and resilient rural communities         Merinda State School. This relatively new technology
where we operate. Over the past year, Evolution and Rural       provides an opportunity to strengthen their water security,
Aid have partnered in the following initiatives:                access, and reliability. The panels act as renewable drinking
                                                                water systems for the approximately 150 students and
                                                                teachers as they use sunlight and air to make, store and
Monto Our Towns renewal project                                 dispense clean, mineralised drinking water and utilise
The Rural Aid Our Towns initiative provides rural or regional   cloud technology to enable effective monitoring and
towns with volunteer and financial support to undertake         optimisation for every climate. Over a 15-year lifespan, just
projects that rejuvenate and revive parts of their town,        one Hydro Panel can eliminate the need for up to 54,750
focusing on renewal projects for the long-term future and       single-use plastic water bottles and avoids the extraction of
sustainability. Evolution contributed both financial and        groundwater. It provides a unique, one-of-a-kind renewable
volunteer support to the Rural Aid Our Towns makeover           water technology for our communities that enables clean,
project in Monto. The town, situated near our Mt Rawdon         safe, off-grid potable drinking water, reduced bottle waste,
mine, involved more than 50 volunteers that upgraded local      and opportunities for STEM education.
amenities and public spaces. The project was recognised
through the North Burnett Regional Council Australia Day
awards and named the Monto Community Event of the Year.




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 57
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




Industry Associations
Involvement with memberships and industry associations enables us to keep current regarding matters of public policy,
emerging sector and sustainability trends, regulatory updates, stakeholder interests and the sharing of industry best
practices. We may not align with every element of an association’s public position, but where we believe there is a benefit in
constructive dialogue or advocacy, we will maintain our membership.

In FY21, Evolution was a member of, or participant in, associations listed below:


 Organisation                                                    Board Representation            Health, Environment and
                                                                                                 Community Representation

 New South Wales Minerals Council                                Yes                             Yes

 Queensland Resources Council                                    Yes                             Yes

 Chamber of Minerals and Energy of Western Australia             No                              Yes

 Gold Industry Group (Australia)                                 Yes                             Yes

 Lake Cowal Foundation (Australia)                               Yes                             Yes

 Ontario Mining Association (Canada)                             No                              Yes

 West Wyalong Advocate                                           Yes                             N/A

 NSW Government Sustainability Advantage                         N/A                             Yes

 United Nations Global Compact                                   No                              Yes


Commitments and Recognition
We participate in external third-party performance benchmarking initiatives and sustainability related assessments, including
environment, social and governance (ESG) ratings agencies, proxy advisor questionnaires and data collection tools. Results
of these assessments inform our planning for continuous improvement.

During FY21, we continued to respond to individual requests for information on our sustainability approach and performance
from investors and other stakeholders and responded to, or participated in:

ß ISS Governance, Environmental and Social Disclosure Quality Score
ß MSCI
ß S&P Global
ß Sustainalytics


Recognition
United Nations Global Compact
Evolution was proud to become a signatory of the UNGC in FY21, joining the global business community in a commitment
to sustainable business practices, aligning our strategies with the UNGC’s Ten Principles on human rights, labour, the
environment and anti-corruption, the United Nations SDGs and related 2030 SDG targets. Our Sustainability Principles all
align with the UNGC Principles and SDGs.


Australian Council of Superannuation Investors
In FY21 the Australian Council of Superannuation Investors assessed Evolution’s level of sustainability disclosure as being at
a ‘Detailed’ level within the mining sector. We are pleased with this rating and aim to improve from a ‘Detailed’ to a ‘Leading’
rating in the near future.




58 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                             Governance FY21 Annual Report




MSCI                                                                        Governance and Compliance
A high rating of AA (on a scale of AAA-CCC) was
achieved in FY21 in the MSCI Ratings assessment, scoring
                                                                            (material topic)
5.7 compared to the industry average of 4.4, an 18%                         Definition: Ethical business conduct, robust policy,
improvement compared to 2020. We were placed among                          transparent reporting.
the top five industry leaders for Health and Safety, Labor
Management and Corruption and Instability.
                                                                            Our Approach
S&P Global CSA SAM                                                          Evolution is committed to maintaining high standards of
                                                                            ethics, corporate governance, honesty and accountability.
In August 2021, a score of 51 was achieved, a 19% increase                  These are aligned with our values, in all aspects of our
from 2020 (industry average of 39). Evolution is one of                     business by enacting robust corporate governance
only two gold companies on the Dow Jones Sustainability                     processes and ensuring our employees understand,
Index - Australia.                                                          and consistently meet, the standards formalised in our
                                                                            Corporate Governance Statement12.
ISS                                                                         As per Recommendation 7.4, the Sustainability Report
A significant improvement in our ISS score in the ‘Social’                  provides detailed information on the management of our
category from ‘8’ to ‘4’ was achieved (scale from 10-1 with                 material environmental and social risks, with a specific
“1” being the highest possible rating). This was supported                  focus on climate risks, in alignment with the TCFD.
by the publication of our Modern Slavery Statement and
Supplier Code of Conduct. 10 11                                             Board of Directors
                                                                            The Board is the governing body of Evolution and its role
                                                                            is to represent and serve the interests of shareholders by
                         10                             11
                                                                            overseeing and appraising Evolution’s values, strategies,
                                                                            policies and performance. The Board operates a Risk and
                                                                            Sustainability Committee13 as a Sub Committee of the
                                                                            Board. The role of the Risk and Sustainability Committee is
                                                                            to advise and support the Board of Directors on all matters
                                                                            pertaining to the Risk and Sustainability of the Company
                                                                            including the appropriate management of risk arising from
1.                                                                          the Company’s activities.

                                                                            As of 30 June 2021, the Evolution Board has eight
                                                                            members (75% male and 25% female), with six Independent
                                                                            and two Executive Directors. The Board is supported by
                                                                            the following committees:

                                                                            ß Audit Committee
                                                                            ß Risk and Sustainability Committee
                                                                            ß Nomination and Remuneration Committee




10    Copyright ©2021 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This section contains information developed by Sustainalytics
      (www.sustainalytics.com). Such information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data)
      and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment
      advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions
      available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers.
11    The use by Evolution Mining of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service
      marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Evolution Mining by MSCI.
      MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names
      and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
12    2021 Governance Statement
13    Risk and Sustainability Committee Charter



                                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 59
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




The Board is structured to ensure that the Directors’ skills and experience align with the Company’s goals and strategic
direction. The functions and responsibilities for the Board and each Committee is set out in the respective Charters.
Information on Board members and Charters are available on our website. 14


                                                 Board of                                                 Executive
                                                 Directors                                                Chairman


                                                   Board
                                              Sub Committees


                  Nomination and                                             Risk and
                                                    Audit
                   Remuneration                                            Sustainability



                                             Leadership Team



                                                                      Investment Management
                 TSF Committee14            Senior Management
                                                                            Committee




14   A TSF Governance Committee was established in FY18 to provide effective governance and oversight of our policies, standards and
     practices with respect to tailings management. This Committee reports through to the Leadership Team


Policies                                                                Committee for ratification. Outcomes of the FY21
                                                                        assurance plan was audited by a third party. Areas for
The material changes to policies in FY21 were the                       improvement included health and safety, environment,
introduction of the Modern Slavery Statement15,                         social responsibility and Cultural Heritage. No material
Procurement Statement16 and Supplier Code of Conduct17.                 findings were identified. A leading indicator on ensuring
Policies are available to view in the Corporate Governance              all material and critical actions has been integrated into
section of our website. The following policies were                     the Company scorecard and is linked to the remuneration
reviewed:                                                               strategy. This reinforces the importance of tracking and
                                                                        reporting and closure of findings that may arise from audit,
ß Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
                                                                        incident review or internal/external incidents. In FY21 there
ß Continuous Disclosure Policy                                          were no overdue critical or material actions.
ß Diversity and Inclusion Policy
ß External Communications Policy
                                                                        Risk Mitigation and
ß Shareholder Communication Policy
ß Sustainability Policy (Safety, Health and Wellbeing,                  Management
  Environment, Tailings Storage Facility (TSF), Social
                                                                        Risk management is fundamental to maximising the value
  Responsibility and Cultural Heritage)
                                                                        of our business and informing its strategic direction.
ß Strategic Planning Policy                                             Effective risk management enables us to make informed
ß Climate Risk Position Statement                                       decisions aligned to legislative obligations’ and within
ß Code of Conduct                                                       the various regulatory frameworks we operate and in line
                                                                        with social expectations. Informed and intelligent decision
ß Climate Risk Position Statement
                                                                        making will ensure Evolution is able to identify priorities,
                                                                        allocate resources, create advantage or value, demonstrate
Assurance and Audit                                                     due diligence in discharging legal and regulatory
                                                                        obligations and meet the standards and expectations of
An assurance plan is endorsed annually by the Leadership
                                                                        our stakeholders.
Team and is submitted to the Risk and Sustainability


15   Modern Slavery Statement
16   Procurement Statement
17   Supplier Code of Conduct



60 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




Our risk-based decision approach is underpinned by the
Sustainability and Strategic Planning Policies, Standards,
                                                                Crisis Response (including
Integrated Risk Management Framework, supported                 Pandemic) (material topic)
by site processes and procedures that also align to the
principles of the Australian and international standards        Definition: Business resilience to COVID-19, bushfire, and
and guidance. The Group risk reporting and assurance            other health and environmental emergencies. Business
control mechanisms are designed to ensure strategic,            preparedness and continuity.
operational, legal, financial, reputational and other risks
                                                                Each operation is geographically unique and regionally
are identified, assessed and appropriately managed.
                                                                located adjacent to landholders and small communities.
Matters relating to sustainability are recorded in a database
                                                                In a crisis, Evolution people are often first responders
and communicated widely across the organisation on
                                                                and available to assist neighbours, community and
daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual timelines
                                                                neighbouring mines. Through a TCFD alignment review
dependent on the issue. These are reviewed by our Board
                                                                conducted in 2019, extreme weather was identified as one
Risk and Sustainability Committee throughout the year,
                                                                of three material climate-related risks. Short, medium and
supported by regular reviews by the Leadership Team, site
                                                                long-term risks were then identified including cyclones,
leadership teams and subject matter experts such as the
                                                                flood, long-term drought, bush and forest fires, late snow
TSF Governance Committee. Further, an integrated three
                                                                cover, food and water borne illness.
level Line of Defence (LOD) assurance program has been
implemented, supported by subject matter experts and            Operations prepare thorough mitigation strategies
internal and external audit.                                    including: cyclone, rain and wind proof infrastructure and
                                                                shelter; certified water storage and drainage networks;
The financial reporting and control mechanisms are
                                                                secured buildings and infrastructure; telemetry weather
reviewed during the year by management, the internal
                                                                including lightning detection systems; and emergency
audit process, the Audit Committee and external auditors.
                                                                response equipment including the provision of fire trucks,
The Group has policies in place to manage risk in the           ambulances, and personnel who are trained in emergency
area of sustainability, with individual annual Risk and         response including scenario exercises and industry
Governance Assurance confirmation letters submitted             emergency response competitions.
at the end of each financial year by the asset’s General
                                                                Operations response plans are recorded in Trigger Action
Manager to the Chief Operating Officer with confirmation
                                                                Response Plans (TARPS), Emergency Response Plans and
to the Board Risk and Sustainability Committee. The
                                                                Business Continuity Plans. Robust and proactive strategic
Board delegated committees and Leadership Team
                                                                planning remain integral to ensuring business continuity
regularly review the risk portfolio of the business and the
                                                                and the health and safety of our communities.
effectiveness of the management of those risks.
                                                                Many communities were affected by the drought, bushfires
With the impact of COVID-19, our current risk management
                                                                and flooding experienced in Australia and Canada in FY21.
focus is on keeping our people safe and well, maintaining
                                                                Evolution contributed over A$600,000 in donations to
safe and reliable operations and supporting our
                                                                bushfire and drought relief and offered in-kind flood relief
communities, all of which are critical to protecting the
                                                                through our Community Investment program.
future of our business.
                                                                Our Cowal Operation responded to a call for help from
The precautionary principle is integrated into our risk
                                                                local shires due to flash flooding which threatened the
management process whereby, to protect the environment,
                                                                homes and safety of West Wyalong and Ungarie residents.
lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a
                                                                Our people worked tirelessly with local councils and
reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent
                                                                emergency services to coordinate the community during
environmental degradation.
                                                                the flooding and provide aid in sand-bagging efforts.


Regulatory Compliance
                                                                In response to the Perth Hills bushfires, the Chamber of
                                                                Minerals and Energy coordinated a Bushfire Community
                                                                Support Initiative and invited all member companies
We are committed to complying with the laws, regulations
                                                                to contribute. Evolution contributed A$50,000 to this
and authorisations that apply to the many facets of our
                                                                initiative recognising that a broader industry response
business. We acknowledge the importance of meeting
                                                                would have a more direct impact where it was needed
compliance obligations to maintaining our social licence
                                                                most and directly supported response, relief and recovery
to operate. We routinely conduct targeted audits of
                                                                efforts for those impacted by the Perth Hills fire.
compliance against applicable regulatory standards
and report the outcomes to our Audit and Risk and
Sustainability Committees.




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 61
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




   Case study: Boost to
                                                               We work closely with our communities and with regulators
                                                               and industry groups to ensure all our operations are

   emergency services at                                       complying with agreed protocols and remain responsive to
                                                               changing needs.
   Red Lake                                                    Vaccinations are encouraged to reduce COVID-19 risks.
                                                               Employees may attend vaccination appointments during
Forest fires occur seasonally within the Red Lake region.
                                                               work hours (as appropriate) and additional leave in the
To support the Balmertown Fire Department, Evolution
                                                               event of any side effects following vaccination is provided.
provided a capability uplift to local emergency services
                                                               Externally facilitated medical information and awareness
which included the delivery of a modern, fit-for-purpose
                                                               sessions are held to provide appropriately qualified
fire truck with increased capacity for critical firefighting
                                                               information to our teams on the risks and benefits of
equipment, personnel, and water. More than A$525,000
                                                               vaccination.
was also donated to support local businesses and the
Municipality of Red Lake for community recovery and
resilience management. Evolution employees provided               Case study: COVID-19
further assistance to the community through participation
in the volunteer fire services which responded to the FY21        Response focused on
fires in the region.
                                                                  generating wellbeing and
By enhancing the local community’s ability to act as the
first responder to local fires, our communities and our           financial boosts where we
production are safeguarded.
                                                                  operate
                                                               Our focus on protecting the safety and wellbeing of our
                                                               people during COVID-19 extends to the towns and regions
                                                               our people call home.

                                                               Since the pandemic began, Evolution has contributed
                                                               over A$2.5 million in direct and indirect support to our
                                                               communities. Support includes the donation of masks
                                                               to struggling health care clinics in the Cowal region. Our
                                                               Mungari operation provided finances to the local Women’s
                                                               Shelter to provide refuge to women and children at risk of
                                                               domestic violence.

                                                               To help mitigate the mental and physical health impacts
                                                               that lockdowns and periods of isolation may cause,
                                                               communication lines have been strengthened across the
COVID-19 Management                                            business and the use of our Employee Assistance Program
                                                               (EAP) has been encouraged. Our sites have deployed
Through strong collective leadership Evolution continues
                                                               technologies such as contact tracing cards at Cowal, QR
to navigate the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic safely with no
                                                               codes in the Sydney Office and site access protocols have
material impact to operations. There was one positive case
                                                               been strengthened at each site.
of COVID-19 (at Red Lake) that was managed carefully with
the site, community and local health department.

We operate under protocols developed to minimise risks
to our people and the communities where we operate to
support safe production during this challenging period.
These plans include activation of our crisis management
protocols, restricting international and domestic travel,
detailed risk assessments across all operations including
our Greenfield exploration projects, enacting strict social
distancing protocols including reducing face-to-face
interactions, increasing flexible working arrangements,
ensuring best practice health management maintenance
and regular COVID-19 communication with the entire
workforce. Specialist medical experts were also engaged to
deliver up to date specialist advice given the complexity of
the pandemic.




62 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Governance FY21 Sustainability Report




                                                                        work on behalf of, or for Evolution and its subsidiaries.
                                                                        Anti-bribery and corruption training is provided to all
                                                                        employees. All reported incidents of non-compliance or
                                                                        potential non-compliance are taken seriously, reviewed, and
                                                                        investigated. In FY21, there were no reported incidents of
                                                                        corruption.


                                                                        Whistleblower Policy
                                                                        A framework has been established for individuals to raise
                                                                        concerns that relate to unacceptable conduct. Details
                                                                        of this framework including the defined elements of
                                                                        independent reporting and investigation procedures,
                                                                        disclosure protection and the role of the Whistleblower
                                                                        Protection Officer, along with the associated corporate
                                                                        governance, are included in the Whistleblower Policy21
                                                                        and Standard22. The process is managed by an external
Business Ethics                                                         third party in conjunction with our People and Culture
                                                                        department. Whistleblowing events and any actions
Our Code of Conduct18 sets the standard for our people                  are reported to the Audit Committee and the Risk and
to act ethically, responsibly and lawfully. It applies to               Sustainability Committee.
Directors, employees, contractors and consultants
employed to undertake work on behalf of, or for Evolution               There were zero whistle blower cases reported via our
and its subsidiaries. It guides us in meeting our ethical               FairCall (KPMG) service in Australia for our currently
standards and legal requirements, and all Evolution                     owned assets, or via People and Culture Management for
employees complete a training program to understand its                 our Red Lake operations during the reporting period. One
requirements. We encourage employees to report known                    claim in relation to Cracow, a divested asset and outside
or suspected breaches of the Code and any other policies                of the scope of this report, was investigated and closed in
and directives, and to raise any other serious concerns they            September 2020.
may have. Any such report is responded to immediately
and investigated accordingly.
                                                                        Political Parties and Public Organisations
100% of our employees completed Code of Conduct
                                                                        Evolution does not undertake any political activity or
Training.
                                                                        sponsor any political parties, movements or public
                                                                        non-governmental organisations, nor does it make any
Economic Performance                                                    contributions to support any such parties, movements or
                                                                        organisations. In FY21, no donations or payments were
At Evolution, we continuously monitor our performance                   made to political organisations.
and objectives, conduct opportunity and risk assessments
and integrate these findings into our economic strategy.19
                                                                        Transparency and Disclosure

Anti-Bribery and Corruption                                             We are committed to open and transparent dealings
                                                                        with all our stakeholders. Information is published on our
(material topic)                                                        operational, financial and sustainability performance in a
                                                                        timely manner through several communication channels,
Definition: Commitment to integrity.                                    including media releases, stock exchange announcements,
                                                                        social media, newsletters and community and investor
Evolution views any bribery or corruption behaviour                     meetings. We respond to stakeholder enquiries and
as unacceptable. Evolution has an Anti-Bribery and                      requests for information as required.
Corruption Policy20 which extends across all our businesses
and activities, and applies to Directors, employees,
contractors and consultants employed to undertake


18   Employee Code of Conduct
19   Information on Evolution's FY21 economic performance is provided
     in the Annual Financial Report section of this Annual Report
20   Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
21   Whistleblower Policy
22   Whistleblower Standards



                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 63
FY21 Sustainability Report Governance




Tax Transparency Code                                        A risk-based approach is applied to manage cyber-related
                                                             security risks applying good practice across standard
Evolution supports transparency in our payments to           processes. Evolution leverages leading frameworks such
governments and takes into consideration relevant            as National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
transparency standards in ensuring relevant information is   and guidance from Australian Government’s Cyber Security
provided to our stakeholders.                                Centre. There are a range of measures implemented to
                                                             manage cyber risk including:
At a minimum, Evolution complies with the Australian
Government’s Voluntary Tax Transparency Code. Payments       ß A cybersecurity policy applicable to all employees
to government, including taxes and royalties, is provided    ß A cybersecurity strategy program as part of Evolution’s
separately in our 2020 Tax Governance Statement available      overall IT strategy
at our website23.
                                                             ß Clear responsibilities with a centralised IT function and
                                                               dedicated capability
Cyber Security (material topic)                              ß Cyber awareness training (98% compliance) supported by
                                                               ongoing awareness alerts and education
Definition: Equipment failure, Equipment misuse,
                                                             ß Defined Disaster Recovery scenarios with Disaster
Fraudulent Transaction / Impersonation.
                                                               Recovery testing on six-monthly cycles
Like many businesses and organisations, Evolution faces      ß Governance reporting and regular assurance including
constant and evolving cyber threats. The operating and         external audits, Incident Response exercises, penetration
control systems at our mines increasingly use digital          testing, and assessment against standards and leading
platforms and high-tech solutions. As such, the security       guidance
of these systems is crucial for operating our mines safely
and efficiently, making cyber security one of our material   Cybersecurity is a standing item on the Risk and
business risks.                                              Sustainability Board Sub Committee agenda.




23   Tax Governance Statement



64 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Environment




   "We have always put environmental
    and social concerns at the forefront
    of our operations. Now we’re publicly
    committing to bolder, more tangible
    action as we align our business with
    the transition to Net Zero".

   Jake Klein,
   Executive Chairman
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Environment

FY21 Highlights
Commitment to Net Zero
greenhouse gas emissions
by 2050* and 30% reduction                                         Over
by 2030* – aligned with
the Paris Agreement (FY20
baseline for Scope 1 and 2)                          A$200,000
* FY20 baseline for Scope 1 and 2 emissions only        contributed to improve or
                                                         enhance environmental
Aligned our climate strategy                                    outcomes
and related disclosures with the
recommendations of the TCFD


No catastrophic or major
(material) environmental                            Enhanced environmental
incidents (including tailings)                      stewardship through
                                                    governance and assurance




70%
Over                                                practices including tailings




                                                         4,460
of energy at Red Lake coming
from renewable sources24


Improved water security with 25%
increase in water reuse compared to FY20                hectares of land within the
                                                         current mining footprint
                                                           all with biodiversity
323 hectares of land was                                   management plans
rehabilitated
24



24 Renewable electricity purchased from grid



66 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                 Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




Our Approach
Our approach to environmental stewardship is based on understanding and managing the potential risks and impacts of our
operations on the environment. We focus on extracting resources sustainably and achieving positive post-mining outcomes.

In accordance with our Sustainability and Strategic Planning policies and standards, we incorporate environmental
management into all areas of operations to manage the risks and potential impacts through all cycles of the business.
We operate beyond legal compliance through application of the precautionary principle to deliver against our social licence
obligations and strive for leading practice to meet community expectations.

During FY21, we continued to:

ß Embed the Evolution Sustainability Performance Standards and Strategic Planning Standards
ß Address water security risk to reduce raw water demand and increase water reuse
ß Plan for and manage extreme weather events such as flooding and cyclones in alignment with our strategic planning and
  TARPS
ß Drive resource efficiency and carbon reduction initiatives
ß Enhance monitoring though increased telemetry monitoring of weather, surface and groundwater, vibration and air
  emissions
ß Consult with stakeholders on mine planning and expansion and post mine land use

In FY21, we enhanced our alignment with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s (FSB) TCFD. Our work
in this space is maturing, and we look forward to continually improving by strengthening our disclosures in FY22 by stress
testing our scenarios to identify climate-related financial risks and opportunities. Further quantifying these risks will inform
our business planning and decision making to ensure our business is resilient to changes in climate.

Throughout FY22 we also plan to refresh site-specific emissions reduction plans to guide our emissions reduction activities
and build off the work undertaken in FY21 that helped shape the Net Zero strategy.


Climate Risk (material topic)
Definition: Ability of the organisation to adapt and respond to the impacts of climate change. Includes physical risks
such as extreme weather events and transitionary risks.


Our Approach
Evolution recognises climate change as a strategic risk with potential financial implications for our business, our supply chain,
our people and communities and our investors. It is one of the most pressing global issues facing our society and is a priority
issue for our stakeholders. Our goal is to consider climate-related risks and opportunities and their short- and long-term
implications in the evaluation of all parts of our operations.

Milestone commitments in addressing global issue of climate change for Evolution include:

                        Pre-FY19                                            FY20                                               FY22
                        recognition of extreme                              release of Climate Risk                            focused commitment through
                        weather, water security and                         Position Statement                                 emission reduction planning, strategic
                        well-being in the risk register                                                                        group approach to renewable energy
                                                                                                                               sources, financial modelling for
                                                                                                                               Emissions reduction fund potential




                                                    FY20
                                                    conceptual adoption of the TCFD
                                                                                                      FY21
                                                    framework including extreme weather,              release of Net Zero Commitment; joining UN
                                                    water security and energy and emission            Global Compact, reissue of climate risk position
                                                    as physical risks and acknowledgment              statement, alignment with ESG reporting
                                                    of transition risk and pandemic                   frameworks, independent materiality assessment




                                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 67
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Task Force on Climate-Related                                            Strengthening the link between Executive
Financial Disclosures                                                    Remuneration and our Climate Targets
Evolution recognises the recommendations of the TCFD,                    The Balanced Business Plan (BBP) is updated annually
and importantly that our investments may be susceptible                  to define key goals, measures and targets for the year
to future changes in climate. In FY21, we have aligned                   to deliver against agreed strategic objectives. The
with the TCFD and our disclosures are presented with                     remuneration strategy for our short-term incentive
consideration to the interests of our stakeholders.                      payments (STIP) link to ESG elements that include safety,
                                                                         sustainability, risk and people. Performance against our Net
In FY22, we plan to fully align our approach with the
                                                                         Zero future approach has been included in the FY22 STIP
recommendations of the TCFD framework including stress
                                                                         program, linked with the new 2030 and 2050 targets. The
testing climate scenarios for our business and advance
                                                                         inclusion of ESG factors within the remuneration strategy
understanding and disclosures of climate-related financial
                                                                         reinforces the importance and focus on delivery against
impacts to the business. Clarifying the impact of climate-
                                                                         ESG by Evolution.
related issues on our operations and taking measures
against it will help make our business more sustainable
and, through dialogues with investors, enhance our                       Strategy and Risk Management
corporate value.
                                                                         In alignment with the TCFD framework Strategy and Risk
Refer to our ESG Performance Summary Data document                       Management pillars, Evolution considers short, medium,
for our TCFD index and detailed disclosures.                             and long-term risks as noted below26:

                                                                         ß Short-term: risks which may materialise in the current
Governance                                                                 annual reporting period

We integrate climate change considerations into our                      ß Medium-term: risks that may materialise over a 2-5-year
business strategy through strong governance and risk                       timeframe
management that is supported by our Climate Risk Position                ß Long-term: risks which may fundamentally impact the
Statement25. We support the framework established                          viability of our long-term business strategy and our
by the Paris Agreement to avoid climate change and                         legacy extending 5-10-20 years
recognise our activities either directly or indirectly generate
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.                                          To deliver long term value to stakeholders, climate-
                                                                         related risk resilience has been built into our operational
Climate-related risks are actively reported, supported by                environment and communities through sound risk
FY21 targets established to reduce emissions and improve                 management practices across all areas in our business.
water security, prepare for extreme weather and health
events (including pandemic, smoke impacts from fires
and COVID-19 implications) and adopt responsible water
management practices. Our Board is informed, via the
Risk and Sustainability Committee, on progress against
our climate risk targets on a quarterly basis. The Board
approved our approach towards a Net Zero future.



25   Climate Risk Position Statement
26   All time horizons (ie short, medium and long term) were considered for each risk eg for extreme weather events, we looked at cyclone
     (short term), droughts (medium term) and climate change (long term).



68 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                          Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




Strategy
The climate-related physical risks and mitigation identified as applicable to our business are presented in the following table.


 Climate-related risk     Risk                               Mitigation

 Water security           Reduced water availability         ß Reduce raw water demand and competition for fresh water
                          with the potential for water         to support communities and agriculture
                          security implications to the       ß Increase reuse of mine affected water through design,
                          business plan.                       construction and operation of IWL
                                                             ß Reduce total water demand
                                                             ß Investigate water saving technologies such as dry stacking of
                                                               tailings and reduced residence time in processing
                                                             ß Increase use of hypersaline and low-quality water not
                                                               suitable for other industries and communities
 Extreme weather          Material damage to the             ß Real time dust, weather and stability monitoring including pit
 events                   receiving environment,               and tailings and nearby sensitive receptors/neighbours
                          assets and infrastructure;         ß Innovative dust suppression e.g. engineered tailings cover
                          disruptions to operations and        pre-snow fall at Red Lake
                          supply chains.
                                                             ß Engineered design, construction and operation of all
                                                               significant infrastructure including
                                                             ß Trigger Action Response Plans for incoming threat of
                                                               cyclone/fire/flood/dust/storm etc
 Energy and emissions     Footprint/demand creep             ß Measures, targets – quantify scope 1, 2, 3 carbon emissions

                          Developing energy regulation,      ß Energy audits
                          market demand for sustainably      ß Emission reduction planning
                          produced commodities and           ß Partnering with industry for accelerated energy efficiency
                          supplier surety.
                                                             ß Internal carbon pricing modelling
                                                             ß Technology and innovation pathways
 Extreme health events    Food, water and viral              ß Health and wellbeing programs and practice
                          borne illness which could          ß Fatigue management and onsite medical care
                          be confined to site, the
                                                             ß Food and water standards and process
                          community or global.
                                                             ß Pandemic response plans including protection of
                                                               communities and First Nation Partners
                                                             ß Personal proximity devices for close contact tracing
                                                             ß Specialist support and advice

The above mentioned risks and uncertainties outlined reflect risks that could materially affect our performance, future
prospects or reputation. Where risks are material to the Group, they are escalated to the Board Risk and Sustainability
Committee and, as appropriate, to the Board.

Climate-related opportunities to support local communities have also been identified. We have historically assisted
neighbours, local government, emergency services and communities during flood, drought and wildfire events.

Climate-related risks and opportunities have been included in our strategic planning integrated across our business. The
potential likelihood, severity, and materiality of these risks and opportunities to our operations and communities have been
proactively assessed and forecasted. They have informed the reporting requirements and targets outlined in:

ß Site water and emergency management plans
ß Inclement Weather and Cyclone Management Plan at Mt Carlton
ß Severe Weather Management Plan at Mt Rawdon
ß Detailed design of the Integrated Waste Landform at Cowal




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 69
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Regular monitoring of water level depths during extreme weather conditions and the dissemination of cyclone awareness
training at Mt Carlton are examples of Evolution’s resilience methods to managing extreme weather events (or extreme
climate-related natural hazards).


Risk Management
Climate-related risks and opportunities have been included in our strategic planning integrated across our business. We
manage our physical climate risks through the Evolution risk management framework and in alignment with our Strategic
Planning Policy27 and TCFD. The potential likelihood, severity, and materiality of these risks and opportunities to our
operations and communities have been proactively assessed and forecasted.

All material risks and actions, including those related to climate change, are documented and kept current for managing
and reporting purposes. Our risk assessment process is firmly founded in site-specific exposures, including those related to
climate change such as wildfires, cyclones, floods, and landslides at a more regional level.

With respect to physical risks, our operations are located in very different climate regions. Evolution is actively managing
these risks and opportunities, improving energy efficiency, responsibly managing water use and preparing and managing for
extreme weather and health events.


Climate Risk Management Process


          Risk management                Risk analysis and
                                                                   Reporting oversight                Risk audit
             framework                     management



                                             Consideration of           Management’s                   Audit (internal
                 Clear roles,                 climate-related             oversight of               and external) for
             responsibilities and           risks are assessed           climate risk is             Board to provide
               accountabilities               using the same             supported by               confidence around
                                                                      proactive reporting            management of
                                               approach as
                                                                         and effective                 climate (both
                                               all other risks
                                                                           escalation                   physical and
                                             assessed by the                                          transition) risks
                Sustainability
                                                  business              (eg: quarterly to
                 Policy and                                              Board Risk and
                Performance                                               Sustainability              Critical controls
                 Standards                                                 Committee)               for climate risk are
                                                                                                      being managed
                                                                                                         effectively
                                                                       Decision-making
                  Strategic                                             is supported by
               Planning Policy                                           connected and                 Learning and
                                                                       insightful climate               continuous
                                                                           risk analysis               improvement




                Climate Risk
             Position Statement




             Risk Management
              Guidelines (ISO
                 31000) for
                effective and
               integrated risk
                management




27   Strategic Planning Policy



70 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




Carbon Price
Whilst Evolution operations are currently not subject to mandatory carbon pricing for Scope 1 emissions, we acknowledge
global and national carbon price trends. Our operations are also subject to an environmental levy payment for Scope 2
emissions.

To understand the potential financial risks, a robust direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) accounting program has been
developed, including setting an emissions baseline. Using the baseline, we have conducted a CO2 abatement cost review
focussing on marginal abatement cost curves (MACC). Although our exposure to carbon price is lower than others in the
industry due to our lower emissions intensity, we are working on short and long-term plans to decarbonise our operations
by 2050. These includes plans to migrate to renewable energy sources and the consideration of renewable fuel, electric fleet
and hydrogen fuel adoption.

One of the ways we respond to transition risk such as the potential impact of climate change policies on our business is by
considering an internal price on carbon and the impacts of climate risk are evaluated as part of life of mine planning. In FY21,
we tested distinct price forecasts for Australia and Canada as part of our decarbonisation modelling.


Metrics and Targets
Specific targets have been captured in our annual Balanced Business Scorecard, including:

ß 30% reduction in CO2-e by 2030 and Net Zero by 2050
ß Year-on-year reduction in CO2-e per tonne material mined (FY20 as a baseline)
ß Year-on-year reduction in freshwater demand (FY20 as a baseline)
ß All operations complete 100% actions in emission reduction plans




                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 71
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Net Zero Commitment
For our planet and our future there is growing commitment        life of the Company, making Net Zero relevant, including for
amongst world nations and businesses towards a Net               the communities in which we operate.
Zero future. There is also an increasing expectation from
                                                                 Evolution’s mid to long-term carbon reduction pathways
all stakeholders, that action with a positive impact on
                                                                 will include:
achieving a Net Zero future, is implemented. This is a
future state where there “is no incremental addition of          ß Migration to renewable energy sources
greenhouse gases into the atmosphere” (Net Zero definition
                                                                 ß Partnerships with industry, government and supply
- Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, IPCC).
                                                                   chains to maximise use of low-emission solutions
Evolution supports the Paris Agreement and in FY21               ß Technology roadmaps to support process and efficiency
announced a commitment to be Net Zero by 2050 (Scope 1             improvements
and 2 emissions only) and an interim target of reducing our
                                                                 ß Integration of carbon reduction plans within our business
emissions by 30% by 2030 (against a FY20 baseline). In the
development of Net Zero targets, it is recognised that the         planning framework
current asset portfolio may change over time. However, our       ß Improved transparency in reporting progress and
commitment to sustainability will continue throughout the          performance


Our Targets




                          30%                                              Net Zero
                         reduction by                                             emissions by



                     2030                                                     2050
                                                       for Scope 1 and 2

Why Net Zero?

Context                                                          Technology transition and mobile fleet replacement pose
                                                                 key barriers to more significant reductions in Scope 1
To ensure long term stakeholder value is delivered,              and planning for the long-term transitional change has
Evolution is building climate related risk resilience in our     commenced.
operations and our communities.

The current asset portfolio at Evolution may change over         Methodology
time. However, Evolution’s commitment to sustainability will
continue throughout the life of the company, making “Net         Paris-aligned; GHG Protocol’s location-based or market-
Zero” relevant.                                                  based emission factors should be used to measure annual
                                                                 energy use.
Scope 2 emissions was the most significant portion of
Evolution’s emissions. Therefore, focusing on renewable          Note: In specific circumstances we may apply appropriate
energy sources will deliver the greatest impact on               adjustments to the FY20 baseline data. This includes
emissions reduction over the short to mid-term.                  acquisitions and divestments. Specific reporting guidelines
                                                                 will apply aligned with recognised protocols.


72 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                               Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




      Net Zero Decarbonisation Approach by 2050




        202
               0

                          202                                30%
                                1-2                       reduction
                                      030
                                                            target


       Energy
       Efficiency

       Process
       Improvement
                                                                                                                   203
                                                    Energy Efficiency                                                   0-2
       Gas                                                                                                                 050
                                                    Process Improvement
       Diesel

       Grid
                                                    Renewable Energy                                                                                                         Net
                                                    Electrified Fleet / Battery*                                                                                             Zero
       Hydro*
                                                    Grid Greening                                                  H2

  * Red Lake                                        Reforestation / Biodiversity        Battery / Electric / Hydrogen Fleet                      Carbon offsets


   Baseline Year     Accelerating existing technologies        2030            Investing in new technologies                                               2050            Delivering
                                                                                                                                                                        our commitment




Key Net                   ~50%
                          Renewables
                                                            ~20%
                                                            Process improvement,
                                                                                                               ~20%
                                                                                                               Fleet replacement, future fuels
                                                                                                                                                           ~10%
                                                                                                                                                           carbon offsets,
Zero levers                                                 energy efficiency, technology                                                                  reforestation/biodiversity
Scope 1 and 2:




                                                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 73
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Our Actions

1. Footprint - Understanding, managing                       ß Planning for long-term transition risk – Continue
                                                               membership and climate policy advocacy with Ontario
   and reducing emissions (Scope 1 and 2)                      Mining Association, New South Wales Minerals Council,
Specific opportunities include:                                The Chamber of Minerals and Energy of Western
                                                               Australia, Queensland Resources Council, and Minerals
ß Planning process – integrating emissions reduction           Council of Australia for an orderly transition to a low
  opportunities and projects into Provincial Plan, Life of     emission economy
  Mine Plan (LOM)
                                                             ß Northern Industrial Electricity Rate Program (NIER)
ß Climate scenarios – stress testing climate scenarios         (Canada)
  through workshops with external consultant
ß LOM forecasting – developing credible estimates of
                                                             3. Technology Pathways - Utilising
  Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions
ß Projected emissions intensity built into planning (per
                                                                technology to improve resource use
  unit of production) (transition risk)                         efficiency
ß Energy efficiency – conduct energy audits to identify      Specific opportunities include:
  process improvement opportunities
                                                             ß Technology Roadmap – develop business-wide roadmap
ß Sustainable procurement strategy – development of a
                                                               focusing on innovation, adaptation, technology
  strategy that includes emissions reduction opportunities
                                                                ß Multiple projects already in the pipeline – automation,
  including renewable energy
                                                                  tailings efficiency, renewable energy, future fuels etc
Note: Inclusion of understanding and managing Scope 3 is
                                                             ß Pumped Hydrogen Project – Mt Rawdon (Shared Value
acknowledged.
                                                               Project)
                                                             ß Emission reduction plans at each operation and Group
2. Partnerships - Industry, government and                   ß Sustainable Procurement Strategy – Internal Carbon
   supply chain collaboration for higher                       pricing
   use of low-emissions solutions i.e.                       ß Red Lake Battery Storage Project
   Sustainability Advantage, Electric Mine                   ß Battery Electric Vehicles

   Consortium
                                                             4. Capital - Allocating capital to prioritise
Specific opportunities include:
                                                               and support deployment of seed funding
ß Renewable energy – active management with energy
  suppliers to deliver renewable energy sources for grid
                                                               to trial reduced emissions solutions
  connected operations                                       Specific opportunities include:
ß Sustainability Advantage – participating in the Net Zero
                                                             ß Review of how technology and R&D can be funded,
  Emissions Leadership Accelerator Pilot
                                                               including offset mechanisms
ß Electric Mine Consortium – Battery Electric Vehicles,
  Energy Storage and Electrical infrastructure,
  Underground and Open Cut efficiency
                                                             5. Transparency - Transparent reporting
ß Funding and grants – partner with industry peers and          on our progress and performance i.e.
  representatives to secure grant funding for emissions         NGERs and TCFD
  reduction opportunities
                                                             Specific opportunities include:
ß Mine Expansion, independent peer review – refine RA
  process for energy efficiency                              ß Full alignment with TCFD reporting
                                                             ß Potential external assurance on TCFD disclosures in the
                                                               near future
                                                             ß NGERs compliance




74 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: Net Zero                                            Case study: Battery Electric
   Emissions Leadership                                            Vehicles at Red Lake
   Accelerator Pilot                                            Our Red Lake Operation audited their mobile fleet
                                                                and replaced multiple pieces of equipment with newer
Since 2020, Evolution has been a member of Sustainability       and cleaner technology. The site has commenced the
Advantage (SA), part of the Department of Planning,             purchasing program and have committed to purchasing
Industry and Environment (DPIE). SA works with medium           up to eight Rokion battery electrical vehicles (BEVs) and
and large organisations to accelerate the adoption of           has allocated over A$13 million worth of capital to trialling
sustainable practices and nurturing leaders committed to        and utilising the equipment in the coming years. These
securing a sustainable NSW.                                     BEVs mitigate risks associated with diesel equipment like
SA recently launched a new initiative, Net Zero                 ventilation restrictions and noise emissions and will reduce
Emissions Leadership Accelerator Pilot, aimed at helping        diesel emissions underground and improve employee
organisations build technical and leadership knowledge          health and wellbeing. We are excited to assess their
and capabilities to implement Net Zero emission strategies,     benefits and apply BEVs at our other operations based on
build business resilience and accelerate Net Zero success.      learning. These efforts contribute to our efforts to manage
                                                                climate risk and reveal opportunities for new partnerships
The Pilot has taken a select cohort of Sustainability           and exploration of innovative markets.
Advantage’s influential members through a six-month
program that will accelerate the shift to Net Zero emissions.
Evolution is one of approximately 20 organisations selected
to participate in the Pilot. Our participation will further
assist us in our Net Zero strategy and emissions reduction
pathways work.


   Case study: Electric
   Mine Consortium
Evolution has partnered with 14 other companies in the
mining industry to form the Electric Mine Consortium with
the ambition of accelerating progress towards the fully
electrified zero CO2 and zero particulates mine.

Electrification of mine sites, powered by clean energy,
offers our industry the option to operate mines in line
with our commitments to decarbonise. It also reduces
occupational health exposures for our employees by
significantly reducing emissions in our underground
mines. Our shareholders will benefit from the potential for
significantly improved economics on offer from simplified,
interoperable, electric-drive equipment with lower mining
and energy costs.

Working groups addressing:

ß Surface and long haulage
ß Underground Haulage, Light and Utility BEV and
  Electrical Infrastructure
ß Electrification value model




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 75
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Energy and Emissions (material topic)
Definition: Monitoring, management and reduction of carbon emissions including aspects such as fuel types, energy
efficiency, renewable technologies.


Our Approach
Managing energy consumption and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions is a high priority for Evolution as we continue to focus
on our climate-related risks and opportunities. We monitor transition risk in relation to energy and emissions regulations
through climate policy advocacy with a proactive approach to resource efficiency and energy planning.

When measuring our emissions performance Evolution applies a location-based method28, which reflects the average
emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs. Detailed monthly capture and analysis of our energy and
emissions performance is conducted in alignment with the Evolution Sustainability Performance Standards29.

Our Net Zero commitment was based on the baseline data derived from an aggregate of all Evolution assets’ emissions
profile in FY20. The baseline has since been recalculated due to the divestment of Cracow and acquisition of Red Lake. This
adjustment is reflected below in our emissions performance.

Operations are proactively engaged in achieving our medium term and long-term emissions targets through understanding
their carbon footprint, developing industry partnerships and investigating technology pathways as outlined in the ‘Climate
Risk’ section.

We take a long-term view of emissions reduction with the first milestone commitment of 30% reduction in CO2-e by 2030
(FY20 baseline). With this understanding Evolution acknowledges that our journey will require sustainable operations
focussing on periods of development and construction paired with wholesale change in the process introduced though the
technology pathway program.


Our Performance
Our FY21 emissions performance compared to FY20 is as per below:


 GHG Emissions                    FY21          FY20                % change        FY20                     % change
                                                (actual baseline)                   (adjusted baseline)*

 Greenhouse gas emissions         178,395       157,857             13%             173,898                  3%
 Scope 1 (t CO2-e)
 Greenhouse gas emissions         371,089       398,187             -7%             371,089                  2%
 Scope 2 (t CO2-e)
 Total of Scope 1 and             549,484       556,044             -1%             536,827                  2%
 Scope 2 (t CO2-e)

* Adjusted FY20 emissions baseline to include current assets and exclude divested asset (Cracow).

In FY21, Evolution’s direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions (Scope 2) were 549,484 tonnes of CO2-e with Scope 2
emissions accounting for 68% of the total emissions during the year.

Compared to FY20, Scope 2 emissions reduced by 7% as total renewable energy purchased increased by 148 million kWh
compared to the previous year. This is attributed to Red Lake where over 70% of their energy comes from renewable sources.




28   Greenhouse Gas Protocol
29   Sustainability Performance Standards



76 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                      Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




As part of our Net Zero commitment to utilising clean energy sources, we plan to investigate the potential to introduce
renewable energy sources including solar and hydrogen fuel cell at our operations in the future.


         Renewable vs Non Renewable                                                 Renewable Energy Consumption
             Energy FY16-FY21
800,000,000
600,000,000
400,000,000
200,000,000
           0

                  FY16     FY17       FY18      FY19        FY20         FY21




   Renewable Electricity                                                           Renewable (GJ) 35%
   Non - Renewable Electricity                                                     Non - Renewable (GJ) 65%

Scope 2 emissions reflect two thirds of emissions, with our Cowal operations in NSW contributing almost half of all
emissions. There will be an increased focus in FY22 on efficiencies improvement plans, looking to integrate solutions where
they will have the most impact.

Whilst there has been an increase in Scope 1 emissions of 21% due to increased trucking, haulage and diesel consumption,
efficiencies were delivered with a decrease in Scope 2 emissions (electricity) of 4%.

There was a 10% increase in utilisation of truck fleet between FY20 and FY21, in addition to four additional haul trucks (new
hires) added to the fleet in January / February 2021. The number of truck cycles increased 31%, with average haul distance
increasing from 9.7km to 12.1km with Stage 2 IWL works. This contributed to an increase in ore and waste mined (29% and
5% respectively). This equated to a 65% increase in haulage distance for the truck fleet between FY20 and FY21 due to the
development of the underground decline.


    Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions,                                                   Total Energy Consumption
             by Operation FY21                                                                   by Site (GJ)

    600,000
    400,000
    200,000
           0


                                      Mungari
                                                                         Total
                           Red Lake                         Mt Carlton
                  Cowal
                                                Mt Rawdon




   Greenhouse gas emission Scope 2 (t CO2-e) (2)                                 Mt Carlton 7%
   Greenhouse gas emission Scope 1 (t CO2-e) (1)                                 Cowal 43%
                                                                                 Red Lake 22%
                                                                                 Mungari 14%
                                                                                 Mt Rawdon 14%




                                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 77
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




    Scope 1 and 2 emissions FY19-FY21                                                Scope 1 and 2 emissions breakdown by
          by Operation (t CO2-e)                                                              Operation (t CO2-e)
                                                                                   400,000
                                                                                   300,000
    600,000                                                                        200,000
    400,000
                                                                                   100,000
    200,000
          0                                                                               0

                                                                                                Cowal
                  Red Lake                                 Mt Carlton                                                                            Mt Carlton
                             Cowal
                                     Mungari                                                               Red Lake     Mungari
                                                                        Total

                                               Mt Rawdon                                                                           Mt Rawdon

   FY19                                                                              Greenhouse gas emission Scope 1 (t CO2-e) (1)
   FY20                                                                              Greenhouse gas emission Scope 2 (t CO2-e) (2)
   FY21                                                                              Total Scope 1 and 2 (t CO2-e)




Emissions Intensity
Our FY21 emissions intensity performance compared to FY20 is presented below.


 Emissions Intensity (CO2-e)                                            FY21     FY20            % change             FY20 –                   % change
                                                                                 (actual                              (adjusted
                                                                                 baseline)                            baseline)*

 Emissions intensity per tonne material mined                           0.0129   0.0132          -2%                  0.0126                   2%
 (t Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2-e/tonne)
 Emissions intensity per tonne ore processed (t                         0.0353   0.0369          -4%                  0.0355                   -1%
 Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2-e/tonne)
 Emissions intensity by gold produced (t                                0.9339   0.8909          5%                   0.7954                   17%
 Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2-e/ounce)

* Adjusted FY20 emissions baseline to include current assets and exclude divested asset (Cracow).

A FY21 target was to establish a stronger baseline target for an emission intensity per tonne of material mined. The target of
0.012t CO2-e was established. The performance of 0.0129 CO2-e was within the target range.




78 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




                                                                   GHG Emissions Intensity FY19-FY21


                                                      0.0800
                                                      0.0700
                                                      0.0600




                 Tonne CO2-e / Tonne material Mined
                                                      0.0500
                                                      0.0400
                                                      0.0300
                                                      0.0200
                                                      0.0100
                                                      0.0000
                                                               Mungari     Mt       Mt      Cowal    Cracow   Red Lake    Total
                                                                         Rawdon   Carlton                                Average
                                                       FY19    0.0101    0.0098   0.0068    0.0105   0.0639               0.0107

                                                       FY20    0.0112    0.0094   0.0078    0.0157   0.0708               0.0132
                                                       FY21    0.0096    0.0120   0.0098    0.0148             0.0253     0.0129


                  GHG Emissions intensity: Scope 1 + Scope 2 (location based) GHG emissions per tonne material mined.
                                      Cracow Operations: FY19-FY20 Red Lake Operations: FY21

Emissions intensity of 5% increase per gold produced was due to the processing of lower grade ore. Evolution processed 1%
more tonnes in FY21 to produce 14% fewer ounces. This was predominantly due to the processing of low-grade stockpiles
whilst mine development continued ensuring the sustainability of all operations.


Effluents and Waste (material topic)
Definition: Waste rock, industrial waste, organic and inorganic waste.


Our Approach
We ensure that our waste and product materials generated from mining and processing are handled, stored and disposed of
appropriately. The most substantial waste stream is mineral waste.

Mineral waste is defined as excess material removed from the mine void in order to reach the ore body and remaining
materials after the extraction of mineral from ore during processing. All mineral wastes are handled in accordance with the
Evolution Sustainability Performance Standards and licence conditions.

Operations manage waste in accordance with a site-specific Waste Management Plan. Non-hazardous waste streams such as
cardboard, glass and plastic are recycled, and general household waste is diverted to landfill.

Each operation is unique in terms of potential for acid mine drainage (AMD), neutral mine drainage (NMD) and saline
drainage (SD) impact on the surrounding environment. Where Potentially Acid Forming (PAF) waste rock is suspected or
known to occur, the operation implements progressive rehabilitation activities to ensure the receiving environment is not
impacted by leachate or potential failure.


Our Performance
In FY21, the operations produced 32.69 million tonnes of waste rock to extract 9.9 million tonnes of ore. This represented a
3.3 ratio of waste to ore and an increase from the 2.9 FY20 ratio30. Stripping ratio increased due to ‘first cut’ development
activities at:

Mungari – Cutters Ridge open pit development

Mt Rawdon - Mine development

30   Adjusted FY20 figure to include current assets and exclude divested asset (Cracow).



                                                                                                       Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 79
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Future Focus                                                  The partnership will help to challenge the perception
                                                              of mine waste being a zero-value product and enable
Evolution have partnered with external organisations to       increased efficiency, innovation, research, and knowledge
address:                                                      sharing. It will equip the next generation of leaders and
                                                              researchers with new skills, expertise, technologies, and
ß Non-road diesel emissions
                                                              techniques to demonstrate best practice Environmental
ß Energy                                                      Management Systems for waste management. Overall,
ß Water security – reuse of water                             UQ STREAM can prove that innovative problem-solving
ß Tyre recycling                                              is business as usual at Evolution, positioning us at the
                                                              forefront of sustainability research in the mining industry.
ß Unlocking the value of waste rock and tailings


Non-Mineral Waste                                             Tailings Management
Responsible management of non-mineral waste at our            (material topic)
operations is formalised through the implementation of
comprehensive waste management plans. These plans             Definition: Most significant mining waste stream.
specify how the different types of waste produced by our
activities are to be managed, including identification of
opportunities for waste minimisation, recycling and reuse.
                                                              Our Approach
                                                              Evolution’s tailings management approach is open and
During FY21, approximately 24,900 tonnes of non-mineral
                                                              transparent with detailed information, including a full list
waste was generated, of which 63% was classified as
                                                              of our tailings facilities (provided in our Church of England
non-hazardous waste. All waste generated was stored
                                                              Tailing Disclosure31).
and recycled or disposed of following applicable waste
regulations and the site waste management plans.              The tailings facilities are planned, designed, constructed
                                                              and operated in accordance with leading industry practices

     Case study: University of
                                                              and guidelines. In alignment with the Global Industry on
                                                              Tailings Management Standard32, tailings management

     Queensland Sustainable                                   further integrates climate scenario considerations,
                                                              stakeholder engagement, our communities, water security,
     Transformational Reuse and                               the safety of the facility and closure/reclamation.

     Economic Alternatives for                                Tailings risk assurance is achieved through routine
                                                              inspections and monitoring and independent audit process.
     Mine Waste Project (STREAM)                              Risk reduction is our highest priority and we are working
                                                              toward this through increased repurpose of tailings in
     at Cowal                                                 FY21 compared to FY20, improving our water security
                                                              through innovative controlled seepage systems in new TSF
There is a growing need within the mining industry for        construction at Cowal (Integrated Waste Landform) and
more integrated holistic approaches to managing mine          Mungari.
waste and reduce related environmental footprints. To
address this challenge, Evolution has entered into a three-
year partnership with the University of Queensland through
the Sustainable Transformational Reuse and Economic
Alternatives for Mine Waste Project (UQ STREAM).
National and international partnerships, and bespoke PhDs,
will be provided at our Cowal Operation to identify reuse
options for tailings and waste rock in a circular economy
model, and unlock value streams within their mine waste.


31    Church of England Tailing Disclosure
32    Global Industry on Tailings Management Standard




80 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                   Environment    FY21 Sustainability Report




Nine tailings facilities globally




8.5Mt
ore mined from open pit




25% 42%
tailings reuse at Red Lake
for paste fill – 134kt
                                    tailings reuse at Mungari
                                    for paste fill – 845kt




     15.6Mt                                 1.4Mt
            ore processed                       ore mined from
                                                 underground




                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 81
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




Tailings risk was controlled and further reduced in FY21 by:
                                                                    Our Performance
ß Introduction of real time monitoring and alert system
                                                                    In FY21, there were no significant fines paid (> US$10,000)
  (K2Fly)
                                                                    related to environmental impacts. There were no material
ß Introduction of an improvement orientated Tailings                environmental incidents in FY21 (major or catastrophic)
  Working Group                                                     and four reportable events (classified at a moderate level)
ß Improved seepage recovery systems in new                          were notified to the relevant government authority and the
  construction at Cowal and Mungari                                 relevant agreed action was taken.
ß Internal and external training from Operator to Board             We adopt cyanide destruction systems to reduce the
  level                                                             concentration of cyanide discharged to our facilities and
ß Continuation of quarterly Tailings Governance meetings            Cowal and Red Lake have been recertified against the
  at site and Group and oversight by the Risk and                   International Cyanide Management Code.
  Sustainability Committee
ß Biennial governance audit for all operations and
  Independent Tailings Review Board for Red Lake
                                                                    Air Quality
ß Recertification for Cowal and Red Lake to the
  International Cyanide Management Code                             Our Approach
ß Tailings capping trials planning at Cowal and Mt Rawdon
                                                                    The management and minimisation of air emissions by
ß Studies – dry stacking, enhanced thickening,                      mining operations is required to protect sensitive receptors
  reprocessing of tailings, in-pit deposition                       in the vicinity of our operations. Air quality is managed
ß Board and leadership TSF specific training                        according to the Sustainability Performance Standards.
ß Increased rigour at the TSF Committee                             Dust generated by mining activity is controlled through
                                                                    mine design, haulage planning, and dust suppression to
Environmental Compliance                                            ensure emissions are within compliance limits. Additional
                                                                    controls are in place to manage and mitigate emission
(material topic)                                                    of particulates (GHG and dust) within and beyond our
                                                                    operation boundaries. This includes associated monitoring
Definition: Regulated incidents and impacts including:              to allow the effectiveness of controls to be routinely
ie Noise, environmental discharges, air emissions and               assessed, validated and adjusted if required.
cyanide.

                                                                    Our Performance
Our Approach
                                                                    In FY21, all operations were in full compliance with
Our social licence to operate is supported through permit           regulated limits for particulate emissions. Monitoring of
and licence approval and provides minimum requirements              depositional dust at our operations met licence conditions.
to ensure the health and safety of our communities and the          Refer to our ESG Performance Summary Data document
protection of our environment. Operating under relevant             for our performance around our air emissions related to
licence conditions, all operations are required to provide          GHG emissions.
annual compliance reports to demonstrate conformity with

                                                                    Water Management
current legal and other obligations supported by assurance
activity.

The environmental laws and regulations that cover each              (material topic)
site, combined with our policies and standards, address
the potential impact of the Group’s activities in relation          Definition: Security of supply, quality, efficiency of
to water and air quality, noise, land, waste, tailings              water use, reuse and recycling opportunities. Potential
management, and the potential impact upon sensitive                 impacts on community and environment.
receptors and flora and fauna.

The Group has a uniform internal reporting system across            Our Approach
all sites. All environmental incidents, including breaches of
                                                                    Water is integral to our operations, and water stewardship
any regulation or law are assessed according to their actual
                                                                    is a key part of our ongoing social licence to operate. We
or potential environmental consequence. Given levels of
                                                                    recognise the need to manage our water requirements with
environmental incidents are tracked based on factors such
                                                                    the shared needs and demands of the environment, local
as spill volume, incident location (onsite or offsite) potential
                                                                    communities and other stakeholders in water catchments.
or actual environmental impacts and legal obligation. These
                                                                    Consideration of the impact that climate change may have
levels include: I (insignificant), II (minor), III (moderate), IV
                                                                    on water availability and quality is integral to effective
(major), V (catastrophic).
                                                                    management.


82 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




Each operation maintains water management plans and            Water reuse increased from 4M kL in FY20 to 5M kL in
site-wide water balances to guide responsible water use        FY21 attributed to the improved efficiency of mine affected
throughout the mine lifecycle and in the context of the        water return from the IWL.
local catchment. Water-related activities are regulated by
relevant legislation in each jurisdiction and are subject to
set quality and quantity thresholds.


Our Performance
Total water withdrawn increased in FY21. The increase
in water withdrawn was due to the inclusion of Red Lake
and an increase in water withdrawn at the Mt Rawdon
and Mt Carlton operations. Mt Rawdon experienced an
unseasonably dry FY21 and had to supplement with raw
water.

Our aim is to maximise the reuse of mine affected water
(MAW) to reduce the demand for external raw water supply
which reduces competition for agricultural and other
industries and communities. No Evolution operations are in
high to extremely high baseline water stress areas according
to definitions set in the WBC SD Global Water Tool, WRI
Aqueduct Global Water Tool or Water Footprint Network.

Total water reuse increased by 25% between FY20 and
FY21. Notable increases in water reuse were recorded at
Cowal (30%) and Mt Carlton (>200%), demonstrating the
increased focus and planning associated with water reuse
at our operations. With the commissioning of the IWL
during FY21, descaling of pipework and upgrade of pumps,
Cowal was able to increase daily return of water from the
IWL from a previous average of 8-12ML to >17ML to meet
the daily demand of ~24ML.


   Case study: Integrated Waste
   Landform at Cowal
In 2019 the Cowal operation was in a drought declared
area. The site was, however, well advanced on a multi
solution response to ensure external users such as
agriculture and communities had adequate water supply.

Construction of the IWL Stage 1 was in progress which
                                                                            Water Reuse FY18-FY21
included controlled seepage recovery design and surface
decant water return planning to optimise return of water
                                                               FY18
from the tailings storage facility. This would lead to
significant reduction in fresh water required from external
sources due to the increase in availability of harvested       FY19
rainwater on site and increased availability of water from
the IWL.
                                                               FY20
During FY21, for a period of four months, no water was
drawn from the Wyangala dam source (Wyangala Dam
                                                               FY21
is Cowal’s fresh surface water source). Water was still
withdrawn from fresh bores close to the mining lease,                 0     5,000     10,000    15,000    20,000    25,000
however, this demand was reduced by 65% (4.6M kL in
FY20 to 1.3M kL in FY21).                                         Total Water Used (ML)
                                                                  Water Recycled/Reused (ML)




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 83
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




                                                               Hazardous Chemicals
In FY21, the water withdrawn intensity per tonne of ore
processed increased by 11% which is attributed to the
inclusion of Red Lake in the water intensity measure
(excluding Red Lake, the intensity figure would have
                                                               Management (material topic)
decreased by 20%). This is a whole of site water demand        Definition: Use, storage, handling, transport and disposal
measured as per dry tonne milled. Red Lake has a               of hazardous chemicals including explosives and other
relatively high-water intensity of 5.15 kL/tonne, noting       dangerous goods.
that this is the only Evolution site to operate an Autoclave
and be undertaking extensive reclamation activities in
the treatment of legacy Arsenic Trioxide materials from        Our Approach
underground workings.
                                                               Hazardous chemicals including the use of explosives,
Our future efforts in water management will include            cyanide and other dangerous goods are essential to our
continued focus on water security – mitigation of the          mining and processing activities. We recognise the need
effects of extreme weather events (drought and flood)          to ensure hazardous chemicals are managed through their
through a reduction of total water demand, increase in         lifecycle in accordance with risk management principles to
water reuse, water storage and stormwater, sediment and        avoid risk to human health and our ecosystems.
erosion control best practice.
                                                               Each operation manages the hazardous chemicals lifecycle
                                                               in accordance with the minimum standards outlined in our
   Case study: Catchment if You                                Sustainability Policy and Standards. The use of hazardous
                                                               chemicals is regulated by relevant legislation in each
   Can Challenge at Mt Carlton                                 jurisdiction and is subject to specific licenses, approvals
                                                               and is inspected routinely by the regulator.
Mt Carlton initiated an innovative crowdsourcing event
called “Catchment if You Can Challenge.” The objective         The sustainability assurance program also completes audits
was to find solutions to deliver water reduction and           at each site to ensure minimum standards are being met
reuse goals. The operation set themselves a challenge to       and to identify best practice learnings are shared across
significantly reduce the volume of water already on site       the business.
and to determine the appropriate way to treat and recycle
large values of low pH water to be used in and around
                                                               Our Performance
their operation. The challenge attracted submissions
from over 130 participants from 26 countries. Following        ß Cyanide Code compliance at Red Lake and Cowal
proposal reviews and investigations, two companies             ß Permit and or licence compliance for all explosives,
have progressed to the design and costing phase with             dangerous goods, poisons and radiation devices
solutions that include the use of an enhanced evaporation
                                                               ß Use of Chemalert for management of all chemicals
towers utilising recycled HDPE to tackle water inventory
issues, and electrodialysis to treat acid mine drainage. The   ß Chemical approval required prior to entering operations
innovation demonstrated that Mt Carlton can safeguard            including risk assessment
the water essential for the work, health, and wellbeing of     ß Emergency response spill scenario training at all
our employees and communities, and address emerging              operations
climate risks of water insecurity.                             ß Internal Audit and review validated by external auditors


                                                               Land Use and Biodiversity
                                                               (material topic)
                                                               Definition: Biodiversity and ecosystems protection and
                                                               restoration. Audited, mapped and management plans in
                                                               place. Fire, pest and weed strategies.


                                                               Our Approach
                                                               Biodiversity may be affected by the impacts of mining
                                                               activities on water, land and ecosystems. Our local
                                                               stakeholders are valuable sources of knowledge
                                                               concerning biodiversity, and we work closely with our local
                                                               communities to identify sensitive areas and monitor any
                                                               potential impacts. We incorporate all stakeholder concerns
                                                               into our environmental stewardship approach.



84 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Environment    FY21 Sustainability Report




Our biodiversity strategy is linked to the stage of
development of our projects. As an example, at all
operations including exploration biodiversity risks are
actively mitigated through ongoing field mapping of fauna
and flora, as well as land disturbance permit process at all
operations. Sensitive flora and fauna are only impacted
where the internal and external permitting process have
been met and no other alternative is available.

Biodiversity Management Plans which meet the
requirements of the Sustainability Performance Standard
are in place at all sites and are regularly reviewed. All
activities are monitored in accordance with obligations.
                                                                   Case study: Great Barrier Reef
                                                                   Yellow Zone Project
Our Performance                                                 The Great Barrier Reef is a vast and vital ecosystem
ß Disturbance permitting process embedded at all mine           supporting much of Australia’s rich marine biodiversity and
  and exploration projects                                      is upheld in importance with the United Nation’s 2021-2030
                                                                International Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable
ß Annual review of biodiversity management plans
                                                                Development. Since 2020, in partnership with James Cook
ß At the beginning of FY21 Evolution was managing               University (JCU) and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park
  90,222 hectares of land (owned, leased or occupied)           Authority (GBRMPA), Evolution has contributed A$218,000
ß At the close of FY21, Evolution was managing 130,505          of funding and intellectual collaboration towards the Great
  hectares                                                      Barrier Reef Yellow Zone Project. This research project
ß 4,460 hectares of land are currently managed under            delves into partially protected marine areas (yellow zones)
  biodiversity management plans related directly to             with regards to questions of marine life, reef habitat health,
  mining                                                        and cyclone and bleaching impacts on reefs. These areas
                                                                have rarely been the focus of research, but 2021 studies
ß Receiving environment protection through sediment
                                                                related to this project have affirmed yellow zones, in
  and erosion control including the Cowal Lake Protection
                                                                combination with no-take green zones, as effective marine
  Bund
                                                                biodiversity management tools. Evolution’s funding has
Refer to ESG Performance Data document for more                 enabled the research area to be expanded. The partnership
information.                                                    conserves the reef and supports local fishing communities
                                                                through increased awareness of the conservation benefits
                                                                of yellow zones.
   Case study: Northern
   Queensland Dry Tropics Beach
   Scrub Rehabilitation Project at
   Mt Carlton
There is an invasive weeds biodiversity challenge in
the region of where Mt Carlton is located. Mt Carlton
has partnered with the Gudjuda Reference Group and
collaborated with NQ Dry Tropics and the Bindal Traditional
Owners to clear a six-hectare patch of beach scrub, located
on traditional Bindal land, by removing lantana and other
threatening weeds.

As a project sponsor, Mt Carlton provided A$200,000
to support the training of bushrangers in safe chemical
handling, mapping and assessing the health and condition
of beach scrub vegetation using the Biological Condition
Assessment Tool (BioCAT). Four young Gudjuda trainees
have been provided extensive training, received project-
relevant skill certifications and made significant inroads on
the lantana threatening to overwhelm healthy beach scrub
biodiversity.




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 85
FY21 Sustainability Report Environment




   Case study: Lake Cowal Foundation
Evolution has a strong, long-standing partnership with the Lake Cowal Foundation (LCF) and Lake Cowal Conservation
Centre (LCCC) which aim to educate the community in natural resource management issues and encourage the adoption
of sustainable land, water and biodiversity management practices. LCF has initiated and implemented a range of projects in
collaboration with individual landholders, local community groups including Landcare, local First Nation Partners, local and
State government organisations. Evolution has also contributed to these diverse projects, seeing increases in biodiversity
evidenced by significant concentration of waterbirds at the ephemeral inland wetland system due to increased rainfall and
ongoing environmental management of Lake Cowal.


Mine Closure: Rehabilitation (material topic)
Definition: Restoring land to natural state or suitable for future uses such as conservation, agriculture, clean energy
industry.


Our Approach
How we rehabilitate and transition mines to a post mine land use is wholly integrated to our life of mine planning process.
Land management and rehabilitation efforts are aligned with leading practice and are undertaken in a socially and
environmentally responsible manner, with an integrated approach to planning the rehabilitation and closure of our mines that
commences at the feasibility phase and continues throughout the life of the asset. Physical and transition risks are mitigated
through internal and external networking, working groups and assurance activities undertaken at the LOD1, 2 and 3 levels.
Our Mine Closure and Rehabilitation Standard33 guides our approach to ensure consistency across the business. This requires
every site to have a set of land outcome documents including a plan for closure, mapped disturbance and a rehabilitation
cost model with an annual budget for progressive mine rehabilitation.

Progressive rehabilitation is a focus during the operations phase of the mine lifecycle to minimise the mining footprint, assist
with understanding and evaluating closure risks, identify knowledge gaps and inform research and development programs,
and refine closure provision estimates.


Our Performance
ß Enhanced stakeholder engagement in the planning phase considered business as usual
ß 4,460 hectares of land disturbed by mining activity
ß 323 hectares of land rehabilitated
ß Site Closure Plans – 100% of all operational sites
ß 2 Line of Defence 3 audits complete in FY21 to validate closure cost models, plans and disturbance
ß Ongoing Wetlands trial at Mt Rawdon
ß Planning for Tailings cover trials at Mt Rawdon and Cowal
ß A$268.4 million rehabilitation liability (refer to table below)

 Operation              Cowal                Mt Carlton             Mungari            Mt Rawdon            Red Lake

 Type                   Surety bond          Levy System            Levy System        Surety bond          Surety bond
 Financial              A$64,902,072         A$31,877,954           A$20,900,994       A$49,952,091         CA$63,386,000
 Assurance




33 Sustainability Performance Standards



86 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Environment FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: Pumped Hydro
   Project at Mt Rawdon
The Mt Rawdon operation is currently planned to close
in 2028. Evolution is pursuing construction of a leading-
edge low-cost, renewable energy storage managed in
partnership with Infrastructure Capital Australia Partners
(ICA Partners), known as the Pumped Hydro Project.
Preliminary feasibility studies support the project’s
potential to deliver a cost-efficient renewable energy
power source in Queensland that would contribute to the
state-wide target of 50% renewables by 2030. It would also
generate significant economic and social benefits to the
local community and National Electricity Market (NEM).
Planning with decision-makers and experienced partners
is ongoing. The initiative showcases Evolution’s capability
to lead sustainable solutions in line with our values and
support our local communities beyond the life of mine, with
planned positive legacy solutions.
                                                                 Case study: Opening of
                                                                 Ben Prior Park
                                                              In the Goldfields region of Western Australia, as with all
                                                              of the communities where we operate, local economic
                                                              development and community resilience rely on partnerships
                                                              between industry, community groups, and local decision-
                                                              makers. To enhance the liveability of Coolgardie, Evolution,
                                                              along with the Shire of Coolgardie, Kambalda Men’s Shed,
                                                              Coolgardie Men’s Shed, and others collaborated to restore
                                                              and refurbish Coolgardie’s Ben Prior Park. Evolution donated
                                                              approximately A$177,000 to the restoration. Upgrading
                                                              Coolgardie’s community assets and aesthetics with the
                                                              open-air mining museum promotes local tourism and
                                                              economic stimulus, retains community support, attracts
                                                              employees, and promotes and educates on mining’s rich
                                                              history in the Goldfields. The facilities refurbished at Ben
                                                              Prior Park enable a deeper understanding of the role of
                                                              mining in the region and provides educational and sensory
                                                              tools for school group visits.




                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 87
Health, Safety
and Wellbeing




    "Imagine if we could create an
     environment where we went home
     even better than when we arrived.
     That is our aspiration in keeping
     people healthy and safe".

    Fiona Murfitt,
    VP Sustainability
FY21 Sustainability Report Health, Safety and Wellbeing




Health, Safety and Wellbeing

FY21 Highlights

Leading safety metric                                     Increased services to meet
improvements – proactive                                  demand for mental health
reporting, training                                       and wellbeing support during
compliance, field                                         COVID-19




                                                          100%
interactions, action close out

Active learning and sharing culture
supported by weekly storytelling sessions




100%
                                                          of significant incidents reviewed with
                                                          senior management and front-line leaders
                                                          to promote learning across the business


of material and critical actions closed                   All Performance Standards
                                                          audited at assets with no




85%
Training compliance goal of                               material findings identified




achieved (22% improvement in
FY21 compared to FY20)
                                                                   Zero
Implemented and monitored
                                                                 fatalities
controls to keep our people                                        prevention through
                                                                    safety in design
safe during COVID-19 and no
                                                                       principles
interruption to operations
Strong hazard reporting culture



90 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                        Health, Safety and Wellbeing FY21 Sustainability Report




Health, Safety and Wellbeing
                                                                 Consolidated health and safety performance data is
                                                                 frequently evaluated to identify trends and develop
                                                                 focused incident and injury prevention strategies. Statistics,
                                                                 incident details and summary investigation findings are
Work Health, Safety and Wellbeing                                readily available and accessible to employees, contractors
(material topic)                                                 and visitors and a monthly report is published across the
                                                                 business. This is available on the Intranet for access by
Definition: Physical and mental health. Employee and
                                                                 all. Health and safety performance results are reported to
contractor safety, occupational hygiene.
                                                                 the Leadership Team and shared across our operations
                                                                 monthly, then reviewed quarterly with the Board Risk and
Our Approach                                                     Sustainability Committee.

Evolution is committed to providing workplaces where
our people including contractors and business partners           Our Performance
are physically and psychologically safe, healthy, and well.
                                                                 In FY21 we focussed on building a learning and proactive
We apply risk management principles with a focus on
                                                                 culture so that people fully understand the controls in place
eliminating hazards, and where that is not possible, ensuring
                                                                 relating to our material and critical risks that keep them
that risk is managed within agreed tolerability levels. This
                                                                 safe in the workplace.
is achieved through the ongoing review and improvement
of risk including bowtie risk assessments for material           Each operation implemented sound initiatives to help
and critical safety risks and the identification and active      reduce the risk of incidents and to minimise the risk
management of critical controls associated with these.           of injuries and illnesses. Performance was variable
                                                                 across the sites ranging from "excellence" to "requiring
Our workforce is expected to comply with health and
                                                                 improvement" (at two operations where the majority of
safety requirements that are supported by our systems
                                                                 injuries occurred). Tailored programs and plans have been
and processes, including our Sustainability Policy, and
                                                                 designed to address the specific needs of each site and are
Sustainability Performance and Strategic Performance
                                                                 being measured and tracked which focus on leadership,
Standards. We measure our health and safety performance
                                                                 courageous conversations, behaviours and “seeing”
using a combination of leading indicators, lagging
                                                                 hazards. There has been ongoing commitment to the
indicators and performance targets established during the
                                                                 review of material actions to ensure these are addressed
annual business planning process. Our primary lagging
                                                                 and 100% closed out. This is reviewed on a weekly basis,
indicator for measuring health and safety performance, and
                                                                 reported on monthly and independently verified.
for benchmarking against peers, is the Total Recordable
Injury Frequency (TRIF). Other lagging indicators are Lost       There were 54 recordable injuries during FY21, with
Time Injury Frequency (LTIF). All frequencies are calculated     14 being lost-time injuries, resulting in a TRIF of 9.62.
based on a 1,000,000 work-hours formula using OSHA               The TRIF did not meet the 5.25 target. Whilst this was
principles. Leading indicators are also measured and             disappointing, the types of recordable injuries experienced
reported on a monthly basis including proactive reporting        shifted to injuries of a lower order, demonstrating a
ratios, training compliance rates, field interactions,           reduction in higher order or those where a more severe
investigations closed on time and an action close out on         injury could have occurred. This was further supported
time calculation.                                                with improvement in leading indicators such as reporting
                                                                 and communication of serious incidents and their casual
                                                                 factors, proactive significant incident reporting, training
Success Through Collaboration                                    compliance rates, field interactions and closure of
To achieve our objectives, we depend on the commitment,          investigations and actions on time. This trend supports an
leadership, teamwork, engagement, and involvement of             improved culture of reporting and is evidence that controls
everyone in our workforce – employees and contractors            are operating to prevent the most serious consequence.
alike. Our workforce is actively involved in health and safety   The focus on risk management was also supported by
through participation in working groups, project teams,          audits at all sites, with no significant findings identified.
business improvement initiatives and health and safety           These findings were also verified through external review
committees, or by way of designated health and safety            and audit. We are continually learning, improving and
representatives.                                                 sharing how we create safe and healthy workplaces with
All significant incident investigations are presented to the     an emphasis on preventing serious outcomes, with an
COO, Vice President Sustainability and site representatives      increased use of technology and data driven insights to
in weekly report, review and share meetings and other            reduce risk.
more detailed reviews as required. Findings and key
learnings are discussed and then shared across the
business with the aim of preventing a recurrence.




                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 91
FY21 Sustainability Report Health, Safety and Wellbeing




    Safety Performance Comparison1                                              FY21                    FY20                     FY19

    Number of safety interactions                                               49,107                  54,287                   32,588

    Number of hazards reported                                                  13,337                  13,415                   13,040

    Significant Incidents reviewed with senior management (%)                   100%                    100%                     100%

    Proactive Significant incidents                                             38                      34                       n/a

    TRIF2                                                                       9.62                    6.76                     8.31

    TRIF Target                                                                 5.25                    5.50                     4.95

    LTIF3
                                                                                2.49                    2.07                     1.75

    Fatalities                                                                  0                       0                        0

    Total Hours Worked                                                          5,612,323               5,323,912                4,570,433

1       Our safety performance includes both employees and contractors.

2       Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) is calculated as (total number of recordable injuries [including fatalities, lost time injuries,
        restricted work and medical treatment injuries] x 1,000,000) / total hours worked.

3       Lost Time Injury Frequency (LTIF) is calculated as (total lost time injuries x 1,000,000) / total hours worked.

Note: the safety interactions and hazards information for FY21 (excludes data from Cracow (divested late FY20) and
interactions from the Red Lake operations. The intervention programme for Red Lake has commenced and is focused on
leadership, courageous conversations, behaviours and “seeing” hazards. This data commenced in late Q3 FY21 and will be
reflected in FY22 data.


Wellbeing
Workplaces that promote mental and physical health and psychological safety are vital to building trust and respect. By
investing in mental health and wellbeing programs, we aim to improve health, safety, and business outcomes. Our FY21
plan to enhance awareness, understanding and support for holistic wellbeing was accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic,
and we continue to adjust our protocols and measures put in place on the advice from the relevant government and health
specialists, particularly to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our people.

We engaged and supported our people using onsite health practitioners. This was complemented by a wellbeing framework,
a mental health support framework and mental health first aid training across operations, which equips people and their
families with knowledge to proactively manage their own wellbeing and provides access to tools and support for early
intervention and recovery.

Other initiatives at our operations to support a mentally healthy workplace included R U OK Day initiatives, mental health
first aid training and fatigue management training for employees and supervisors, and the Blue Tree Project. There were 296
people who had proactive treatment for pre-existing conditions.

In FY22 the wellbeing framework is being enhanced to develop an organisation-wide focus on psychological safety
supported by the development of leading indicators to monitor and track wellbeing across the workforce.


      Case study: Blue Tree Project and Wellbeing Initiative at Cowal
      and Mungari
The nationwide movement of the Blue Tree Project has left its mark at the Cowal and Mungari Operations. At each operation,
a tree has been painted blue with support from local stakeholders to support the project raising awareness around mental
health and sparking difficult conversations. Increasing visibility that “It’s OK to have a blue day” encourages our people to
reflect on the wellbeing and health of themselves and others, break down stigmas surrounding mental health, and foster
community connections and engagement. These blue trees serve as a reminder that our people and their health are our
most important assets and align with our sustainability approach of creating planned positive legacies. Already more than
600 trees have been painted and registered across Australia to help raise awareness of mental health and suicide prevention.




92 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                    Health, Safety and Wellbeing FY21 Sustainability Report




Occupational Hygiene                                         to follow safe work practices, report all incidents and to
                                                             stop work if they are unable to control the hazards of the
All sites have risk-based Health and Hygiene Management      task or implement robust controls to safely perform the
Plans that includes identification and quantification        task. Where a contractor does not follow safe practices,
of risk from actual and potential exposure to airborne       we require them to cease work until remedial actions
contaminants, hazardous atmospheres, flammable               have been taken. This may include implementing written
substances, noise, hazardous manual tasks and                procedures for high-risk tasks within the contractor’s
environments where personnel are exposed to hazardous        scope; documenting training for all personnel; conducting
materials. Health risk assessments are conducted, and        fit-for-purpose audits of machinery, materials, PPE and
monitoring programs are implemented for similar exposure     emergency equipment used by the contractor; and
groups (SEGs). The monitoring programs are reviewed          re-inducting their employees to Evolution’s site-safety
on a regular basis. Corrective and remedial actions are      requirements.
implemented where the results of monitoring have
identified an increased threat to workers’ health.
                                                             Emergency Preparedness
                                                             Emergency response programs are in place at all our
                                                             operations and are rigorously reviewed and assessed to
                                                             ensure the business is well prepared to respond to an
                                                             incident and/or an emergency. Our emergency response
                                                             teams comprise of employees with additional training
                                                             in emergency protocols, procedures and equipment.
                                                             The emergency response programs include extensive
                                                             emergency drills and training, such as mine rescue
                                                             scenarios / training, fire drills, CPR first-aid training, and
                                                             training in the use of hazardous materials suits and other
                                                             safety equipment.


                                                             Emergency Response and Crisis
                                                             Management
                                                             Emergency Response Action: to commence immediately
                                                             to prevent loss of life, damage to the environment or
                                                             property and to minimise harm

                                                             Level 1 Response: Operations Emergency Response Team
                                                             (ERT) action at a site level

                                                             Level 2 Response: Incident Management Team (IMT)
                                                             action from site and local external involvement

                                                             Level 2.5 Response: Customised grouping of Leadership
                                                             Team (CMT sub-team), if required in support of a site,
                                                             operations or exploration IMT level 2 activation

Contractor Health and Safety                                 Level 3 Response: Crisis Management Team (CMT)
                                                             Leadership Support and Management
We communicate our minimum expectations regarding
contractor health and safety requirements as a component     The framework above outlines how Evolution responds
of the procurement process for our sites and projects.       to an emergency or crisis. This framework is supported
These expectations form an integral part of the signed       by the Crisis Management Plan that outlines the roles,
agreements with each contractor or business partner.         responsibilities and processes to be followed by the
Communication is critical and includes the provision of      corporate Crisis Management Team in the event of a crisis,
information on site specific risks and we collaboratively    both at a site and at a Group level.
review the way tasks are designed and undertaken. We
ensure we are clear in communicating the requirements
and accountability for supervision to ensure work is being
carried out safely and in line with Evolution’s standards.

Evolution operates a ‘one team’ approach and reports
and reviews all incidents including near misses from all
contractors. Like all employees, contractors are required



                                                                           Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 93
FY21 Sustainability Report Health, Safety and Wellbeing




FY21 has been a year where there has been an ongoing and active CMT and IMTs established for COVID-19. These teams
continue to meet on a regular basis to address the ongoing COVID-19 issue. Additional examples where IMTs have been
established with support from a CMT include cyclones at Mt Carlton, floods at Cowal and forest fires at Red Lake.

We continue to build the capability of 173 members in our Emergency Response Team (ERT) to support our operations and
to assist our communities through significant incidents or threatening situations. Our emergency response teams maintain
close working relationships with community-based emergency responders and provide additional support and resources to
local responders in the event of a serious off-site incident. In cases of disaster and irregular weather events such as floods
and forest fires, our emergency responders are ready and prepared to assist community-based response teams to protect
our workers, assets and neighbours.




  Red Lake ice rescue simulation                                     Cowal road crash rescue




  Mouna Momo stabilises her patient at the                           Chris McIntosh (EVN
  multi-casualty First Aid event,                                    Mungari Captain) directing
  Mungari emergency response competition                             team during fire event




94 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                    Health, Safety and Wellbeing FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: Kalgoorlie                                       Case study: TRIF Safety
   Surface Mine Emergency                                       Record – Leaders in the
   Response Competition 2021                                    Community and at Work at
   at Mungari                                                   Mt Rawdon
In April and May 2021, our Mungari Operation hosted the      In January 2021, the Mt Rawdon Operation achieved 365
Kalgoorlie Surface Mine Emergency Response Competition       days without a recordable injury, enabling the lowest
which was run by the Chamber of Minerals and Energy          TRIF ever at Evolution of 0.00 and efficient production.
Western Australia. The multiday event provided scenario-     The incredible milestone was attributed to mature risk
based training for nine teams, comprising approximately      management procedures, leadership, and peer on peer
200 people across the mining industry, on mine safety        interactions at the operation and across Group. For
and enhancing education in industry-leading emergency        example, the site committed to ongoing visible leadership
approaches. Skills were tested across scenarios in           through an interactions program, held safety toolbox
firefighting, hazardous chemicals, first aid, team skills,   sessions on resetting risk and controls examinations and
vehicle extrication, rope rescue, incident management,       rolled out a 5S Lean manufacturing standard (Sort, Set in
confined space rescue, and theory exams. Evolution           Order, Shine, Standardise and Sustain) and shared learning
claimed second place in Rope Rescue and several third        broadly across the site and at other operations. In addition,
places including Individual Theory and Best Captain.         the Site Leadership Team continue to raise standards in
                                                             reporting and incident investigations. This commitment to
                                                             safety has encompassed not only the workforce but also in
                                                             the communities through a Community First Aid Training
                                                             Day held for 20 local residents.




                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 95
FY21 Sustainability Report Health, Safety and Wellbeing




Transport Safety                                                 Aviation Safety
(material topic)                                                 The Evolution Group Sustainability Team takes a lead role
                                                                 in managing the risks and ensuring effective control of
Definition: Road and aviation accidents. Road dust from          risks associated with the Aviation and Travel Standard
transportation to and within the mining sites.                   providing travel related security, emergency recovery and
                                                                 management across the business. Aviation services are
                                                                 reviewed and approved by Group in consultation with key
Our Approach                                                     industry and regulatory bodies.
Evolution is committed to ensuring the safety of our             International SOS have been engaged to support the
employees, contractors, and our communities as we                safety of our people as they travel internationally and
undertake crucial road and aviation activities on our sites      domestically. Travel is registered, people are briefed prior
and within the areas in which we operate. These activities       to departing on any medium to high risk travel and support
include the movement of people, delivery of products or          is also provided in ensuring the safety of our people during
transporting goods and equipment.                                the COVID-19 global pandemic.
The risk related to transport safety varies based on the
activities of our operations, the location of our assets and     Vehicle Safety
the local environments in which we operate.
                                                                 Our road safety approach focuses on vehicle design
Minimum standards have been developed to define key              and condition, road design and maintenance, traffic
requirements related to transport safety outlined within the     management rules as well as driver skills and behaviour.
Sustainability Performance Standards including; Aviation         We recently formed an Evolution Community of Practice
and Travel and Fixed and Mobile Equipment standards.             to champion a program of activities aimed at reducing
Vehicle Interaction and Aviation have been identified as         vehicle incident and near misses across the business. We
Material risks at a Group level which requires bowtie risk       are focused on reducing risk through both driver behaviour
assessments and critical control plans to be in place with       and targeting technological solutions to improve the safety
verification activities undertaken to verify controls are        outcomes of vehicle operations.
effective and functioning as designed in controlling the risk.

The sustainability assurance program incorporates
                                                                 Our Performance
verification against the two Standards and the material risk
program across all operations and the wider business. If         100% of charter airlines in use through FY21 have
any deviation is identified, an action plan is developed and     undergone the required third-party audit, confirming
the nonconformance is escalated to the Leadership Team.          compliance to regulatory and Evolution minimum
                                                                 standards. There were no aviation related events in FY21.

                                                                 Vehicle safety was a key element of the FY21 assurance
                                                                 audits with all sites meeting the minimum requirement
                                                                 of the standard. Whilst there were some improvements
                                                                 required these have been assigned actions and will be
                                                                 tracked through to close out. A vehicle safety community
                                                                 of practice has been established to drive ongoing focus
                                                                 and improvement in vehicle safety across the business.




96 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
People and
Culture




   "Our ability to maximise the value of
    our portfolio is underpinned by an
    engaged and enabled workforce.
    An inclusive culture that leverages
    diversity and values employee
    wellbeing is key to our success."

   Paul Eagle,
   VP People and Culture
FY21 Sustainability Report People and Culture




People and Culture

FY21 Highlights




21% 42%
increase in female workforce
participation compared to FY20
                                                    of jobs filled internally
                                                    (2% increase compared to FY20)


Employees choosing to stay at                       Improved our approach to
87%, against a target of 87%                        performance management,
                                                    with an increased focus on
                                                    regular feedback, coaching,
                                                    and development supported
                                                    by a simplified People and


                  231
                                                    Culture system

                                                    Built cultural awareness through
            ‘Act Like an Owner’                     training and collaboration with our
                                                    local Indigenous communities
           recognition program
         nominations (17% increase
            compared to FY20)




98 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                People and Culture FY21 Sustainability Report




Our Approach                                                    Inclusion and Diversity
Evolution has a values-based culture with clear
expectations around behaviours, that aims to create an
                                                                (material topic)
environment where our people are informed, engaged and          Definition: All forms of diversity and inclusive design of
have strong working relationships with their Leaders and        workplaces. Gender strategy aligned with WGEA: ‘female
work colleagues.                                                participation in mining’. Cultural awareness training.
Aligned to this, we believe that developing our people          Evolution is passionate about creating a workplace that’s
is vital to our success as a business and to ensuring our       inclusive and supportive; a place where everyone can
people’s time at Evolution is a highlight of their career.      truly be themselves. A diverse and inclusive company
As part of our people strategy we focus on growing              is a stronger, more successful company. Improved
outstanding leaders, building capability across the business    diversity yields many benefits, including positive impacts
and driving an inclusive culture that leverages our diversity   on organisational culture and reputation, employee
and optimises workforce performance. We aim to create           attraction and retention, as well as enhanced stakeholder
safe work environments that promote dignity, respect and        relationships and business outcomes.
wellbeing, in which the contributions of all employees are      We continue to support a flexible and inclusive working
recognised and valued.                                          environment that assists employees to balance their
We ensure our approach to remuneration is competitive           responsibilities between work and home. In FY21, we
and supportive of delivering quality outcomes, whilst           formed an Inclusion Awareness Project which will focus
recognising the significant efforts of our people.              on delivering Inclusion Awareness education, supporting
                                                                leaders to have meaningful conversations with their
                                                                teams, as well as identifying and acting on improvement
Our Performance                                                 opportunities throughout FY22.
As of 30 June 2021, Evolution employed 1,977 Permanent,         We report annually on the gender mix within our workforce
Fixed Term and Casual employees, compared to 1,448 in           via our Workplace Gender Equality Public Report.34
FY20. The acquisition of the Red Lake operation and Battle
North Gold added 753 employees to our workforce. 87%
of our employees chose to stay with Evolution which is a             Case study: Cultural
strong result given a competitive market.
                                                                     Awareness Training at
Gender Mix Participation                                             Connor’s Arc
Female representation in the workforce increased from           Eight members of the Evolution Connor’s Arc Greenfields
16.5% in FY20 to 20% in FY21. In addition, 44% of the           exploration team met with the Barada Barna peoples in
Graduate Development Program hires in FY21 were                 Moranbah, in April, to participate in a cultural awareness
females.                                                        training session. The training covered the history of the
                                                                Barada Barna people and their journey to Native Title
                                                                Determination, the difference between a Welcome to
Indigenous Participation                                        Country and Acknowledgement of Country, their language,
The focus remains on growing a pipeline of Indigenous           and artefacts. The session also covered how the Barada
candidates, and proactively identifying experienced             Barna Aboriginal Corporation are working towards a
external talent with the skillsets needed by the                sustainable future for their people and their countrymen
organisation. Our directly employed Indigenous workforce        by expanding their business and sharing their business
increased from 127 to 139 people, representing 7% of our        acumen with other traditional owner groups to help them
workforce.                                                      succeed.




                                                                34   Workplace Gender Equality Public Report



                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 99
FY21 Sustainability Report People and Culture




   Case study: Rainbow                                             Case study: Sponsoring the
   Crosswalk Sign of acceptance                                    1770 Cultural Connections
   for LGBTQ2S+ community at                                       Immersion Festival at
   Red Lake                                                        Mt Rawdon
Respect is a key value at Evolution. The Red Lake               The 1770 Cultural Connections Immersion Festival is a
Operation demonstrated this value by showing support            cultural event in the Burnett region driving reconciliation
and celebrating their diverse and inclusive LGBTQ2S+            through cultural education and engagement. ‘Reconciliation
community during Pride Month in June. Red Lake                  through Celebration’ is the key objective of the festival
employees painted a rainbow crosswalk with permission           which features food, cultural performances, guest speakers,
of the Municipality of Red Lake, adding not just a pop of       lessons in biodiversity, and storytelling around the cultural
colour, but also a dash of hope and acceptance into the         values and history of First Nation Partners and Indigenous
community. This community encompasses straight and              Peoples. Despite COVID-19, the inaugural festival in 2020
cisgender allies supporting and advocating for LGBTQ2S+         attracted over 1,600 people. Evolution is proud to offer its
community members, as well as those within the                  ongoing support as the festival’s major sponsor for the next
LGBTQ2S+ community who support each other.                      three years, along with the Burnett Mary Regional Group
                                                                and event organisers, the Gidarjil Development Corporation.
Mayor Fred Mota commends Evolution: “We are very
                                                                Formalising this joint partnership with these regional
pleased to have this opportunity to partner with Evolution
                                                                change-makers enables effective forward planning, increases
on this project. Red Lake is a community that is supportive
                                                                the national profile of the event, fosters the progression
of inclusion and diversity. This rainbow crosswalk will serve
                                                                of Mt Rawdon’s related biodiversity regeneration projects,
as a visual reminder of this sentiment for years to come.”
                                                                and aligns with our sustainability commitments to
                                                                enhance cultural and environmental outcomes in our local
                                                                communities. Through this collaboration, our partners
                                                                envisage the 1770 Cultural Connections Immersion Festival
                                                                will become one of the most significant festivals for First
                                                                Nation Partners and Indigenous Peoples in Australia.


                                                                Employee Engagement
                                                                (material topic)
                                                                Monthly voluntary employee engagement surveys are
                                                                conducted, providing people with an opportunity to let
                                                                their leaders and team members know what is important
                                                                to them.

                                                                During FY21, an average of 54% of our team members
                                                                responded to the survey (compared to 53% in FY20). The
                                                                results demonstrated that we successfully sustained or
                                                                improved over the period against our key culture measures,
                                                                which are aligned to our values.

                                                                We received a combined staff engagement score of 78,
                                                                which is a strong result, consistent with FY20. In FY21
                                                                questions were added on wellbeing (physical, social and
                                                                psychological), culture (supportive workplace culture) and
                                                                belonging (sense of belonging as part of their workplace).
                                                                These questions scored consistently in the 73 - 79 range.
                                                                We were pleased that engagement was consistently high
                                                                despite the COVID-19 crisis.




100 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                  People and Culture FY21 Sustainability Report




  Response Rate               Excellence                Accountability         Honest Conversations               Safety




      54%                       80%                        77%                       77%                         84%



   Collaboration                Respect                   Wellbeing                   Culture                   Belonging




      75%                       78%                            79%                   73%                         75%


Combined Score Average: 78


Talent Attraction and Retention                                   development that complement their individual needs, short
                                                                  and long-term career goals and business requirements.
(material topic)                                                  We focus on developing people both personally and
                                                                  professionally, which enables the Company to build
Definition: Appealing to new and experienced talent,              organisational capability and capacity.
targeted training, career growth and development.

Talented people are core to our business, and we are              Recognising and Rewarding our People
always keen to identify, attract and retain people who are
highly skilled, with strong alignment to our values. In FY21,     We have built a culture where our team members ‘Act
some enhancements included: streamlining the recruitment          Like an Owner’ (ALO) by treating Evolution as if it is their
process; implementing new sourcing and selection tools;           own business. In FY21, 231 ALO initiatives were generated
and consolidating the reporting of recruitment statistics         that delivered significant value for our business through
through enhanced recruitment dashboards. Social media             change, improved safety, innovation, cost reductions and
channels, eg LinkedIn and Facebook, are used to showcase          efficiency gains.
diversity through employee story sharing, community               In addition to this, Evolution is in its seventh year of
initiatives and local activities. Our partnerships with           offering all eligible Australian based employees A$1,000
Work180, JT Academy, Gold Industry Group and other local          worth of Evolution shares, through the employee share
and community associations help us deliver targeted talent        offering program. Therefore, they can truly be owners of
attraction messaging to our candidate market.                     our business.
As highlighted above, strong levels of retention have been        Evolution undertakes an annual pay review and bonus
maintained across our workforce. This is a reflection of the      process, aimed at recognising and rewarding employee
targeted work undertaken to attract quality people to the         outcomes aligned to organisational goals as well as the
business and the provision of an environment where they           efforts of our people throughout the year.
want to stay, thrive and do their best work.
                                                                  The strategic importance of sustainability performance
As part of our commitment to a diverse workforce,                 is also recognised and linked to Management’s short-
we increased our engagement with, and employment                  term incentive process. This process evaluates Evolution’s
pathways for, Indigenous People across Australia and              performance against established targets including health
Canada.                                                           and safety, people, environment, climate risks (water and
Evolution strives to continue to develop and grow our             emissions), social responsibility and innovation, as well as
employees by engaging and investing in their futures              ALO contributions.
through a variety of internal and external offerings.
We encourage our people to take up opportunities for




                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 101
FY21 Sustainability Report People and Culture




   Case study: Mill Feed
                                                                In FY21 our continued focus on development, leadership
                                                                and retention was measured through:

   at Cowal                                                     ß 82% of people fulfilling their stated development goals
                                                                ß Improved continuity in our leadership pipeline
The processing team on site identified that the mobile
                                                                  effectively retaining and attracting top talent in our
crushers could crush ore to an appropriate size to feed
                                                                  management group
via the soft oxide bin to compensate for the Coarse Ore
Stockpile (COS) feeders being out of action. Luke White         ß Enrolment and participation of 283 of our leaders in
was instrumental in this process, promptly leading the team       development programs despite COVID-19
to minimise disruption to the mill feed. He coordinated         ß 42% of our vacant roles appointed through succession
the safe removal of the contaminated material in the COS,         and internal candidates
allowing for a cost saving of A$640,000.                        ß Growth in our pool of employees identified as “ready
                                                                  now succession” to 31% against a target of 20%

   Case study: Act Like an                                      ß Delivery of a total of 116,092 training hours in FY21: an
                                                                  average of 59 hours per employee
   Owner – Crusher Jaw Liner
                                                                The rollout of our refreshed Leadership Development suite
   at Mt Carlton                                                of programs underpinned by our Leadership Behaviours
                                                                commenced in FY21. The leadership suite includes
Mt Carlton ore is extremely abrasive and may be very            Leadership Essentials; practical bite-sized learning for all
hard. This causes rapid rates of wear for ground engaging       leaders, delivered on site; and Introduction to Leadership,
tools, in this case, the crusher jaw liners. Rapid wear rates   which is aimed at supporting new and emerging leaders
require high frequency of maintenance work to change            around the fundamentals of being an effective leader.
out, with resultant risk exposure. Glenn Jarvis provided        The GOLD mid-senior development program was also
ore specifications to a new supplier (Brisbane based            refreshed, focusing on building leaders who are values
manufacturer) who designed and supplied jaw liners (24%         driven, resilient and agile, commercially minded, inclusive
manganese) specifically for Mt Carlton ore characteristics.     and delivery focused.
This resulted in a ~30% decrease in the required frequency
of maintenance work to change out worn liners, with
resultant decrease in risk exposure and increase in effective   Graduate Program
run time. Consumable costs decreased by 30% as a result
                                                                Evolution’s Graduate Program has been running since 2013.
of the longer utilisation time (A$106,000), supply lead
                                                                We are delivering diversity and equality in our graduate
times and supply risk with previous supplier in China also
                                                                talent pipeline supported by a robust and engaging
decreased.
                                                                recruitment and selection process. A sixth cohort of new
                                                                graduates were welcomed to the business in January 2021.
Training and Education                                          Across their two-year journey, the graduates are supported
                                                                and encouraged to flourish in both their personal and
Extensive training is provided to increase or improve           professional development through formal workshops
skills that mitigate the risk of health and safety incidents,   and webinars, customised development assessments and
meet compliance requirements, and increase employees’           learning, mentoring, exposure to the Senior Leadership
understanding of their responsibilities towards the             Team, and a dedicated development guide.
environment. All staff participate in annual performance
and career development reviews covering their on-the-job
performance, our values and training and development
goals.




102 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                   People and Culture FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: Meet Gizella
   Szekely, one of our Graduates
Gizella knew she wanted to be a part of Evolution from
a young age and began her time with the business as a
vacation student. She was successful as an applicant in
Evolution’s Graduate Program as a geologist in 2021, a role
that incorporates what she is passionate about: exploring
the great outdoors and mineralogy. What stood out to
Gizella about Evolution is the clear focus on people and
experiencing that no matter what role people are in, the
business will always support them.

In her time with Evolution, Gizella has been provided with
several learning opportunities and the opportunity to
immerse herself within different departments, allowing
her to experience many aspects of the geology function.
Her career highlight so far has been working on the Cowal
Underground Feasibility Study which involved logging core
to understand the GRE46 deposit.


   Case study:
   JT Academy
The JT Academy has been a valuable partner in addressing
talent attraction and retention challenges in the mining
industry. Since 2019, Evolution’s operations have actively
engaged in the academy’s various programs, such as JT
Community, JT Youth, JT Leadership, and Lead Like a
Girl. These programs have supported the attraction and
retention of local, indigenous, and female candidates into
the mining industry, and have enhanced Evolution’s talent
attraction, brand promotion, and community education
programs. They have also led to the delivery of thousands
of educational workbooks across our local communities,
workshops on self-confidence, JT Leadership sessions,
as well as school and site visits by Johnathan Thurston
(NRL football legend) which have generated cultures of
positivity, self-belief, and cohesion in our communities.
So far, by leveraging the Academy's resources, Evolution
has increased the number of job applicants identified as
Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander to 12% in FY21. This
partnership is part of enabling sustainable positive legacies
in our communities, particularly with equal access to
employment, training, and capacity building.




                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 103
FY21 Sustainability Report People and Culture




104 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Community
"We are deeply connected to the local
 communities where we operate. Partnering
with our First Nation Partners and Indigenous
Peoples, neighbours, local and regional
 governments and suppliers allows us to
improve outcomes in health, community
infrastructure and services and education,
including providing traineeships and creating
 pathways for employment. By working together,
we can create long-lasting, inclusive and
 sustainable value beyond the life of our mines."

Bob Fulker,
Chief Operating Officer
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




Community

FY21 Highlights

Active engagement with First
Nation Partners and Local

                                                          A$3.30
Communities



                                                          million
0 Material Cultural Heritage Incidents


0 Material Community Impact Incidents
                                                           in direct community




100%
                                                            investment in FY21




of Actions in Community                              7 new Shared Value
Relations Plans completed                            Projects in FY21




                                                           A$100
                                                           million
                                                         local spend (27% increase
                                                             compared to FY20)




106 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Community FY21 Sustainability Report




Our Approach                                                      Indigenous Peoples, including First Nation Partners in
                                                                  Canada, are often highly impacted by mining. In Canada,
Evolution relies on the relationships we have with our            the mining industry is the single largest employer of
stakeholders to ensure that the opportunities created by          First Nation peoples and contributes to the sustainable
our operations produce socially inclusive and sustainable         development of Indigenous communities across the
development for the communities in which we work.                 country. As identified by the Truth and Reconciliation
                                                                  Commission of Canada, Canada’s private sector has an
The communities near our sites experience the most direct
                                                                  important role to play in helping to reconcile historical
social, environmental and economic impacts of our business.
                                                                  injustices faced by Indigenous Peoples. As a mining
By providing competitive wages and benefits, prioritising
                                                                  company with a Canadian asset in operation, Evolution
local procurement, contributing our fair share of taxes
                                                                  has a responsibility to meaningfully consult First Nation
and royalties, and investing in community programs and
                                                                  communities and provide equitable access to employment,
infrastructure, we work hard to support the development
                                                                  training and educational opportunities.
goals of our host communities and governments.
                                                                  Our Community Relations teams at all sites works with our
Providing clear and transparent benefits to local
                                                                  First Nation Partners and Indigenous Peoples, contractors
communities is an integral part of our strategy for gaining
                                                                  and educational institutions to provide training and
support. Our approach is to:
                                                                  employment opportunities to Indigenous peoples. The
ß Build engaged and lasting relationships with the                General Manager at each site is responsible for First Nation
  communities in which we operate                                 engagement at a local level.
ß Uphold fundamental human rights
ß Protect cultural heritage and First Nation partnerships         Our Performance
ß Invest in meaningful community projects and                     In FY21, there were no disputes relating to land use,
  sustainable development                                         customary rights of local communities and Indigenous
ß Respect cultures, customs and values while engaging in          Peoples, or incidents of violations involving rights of
  open and inclusive dialogue                                     Indigenous Peoples.

                                                                  Refer to the ESG Performance Data document for activities
Indigenous Stakeholder                                            that take place in or near areas where Indigenous Peoples

Outcomes (material topic)
                                                                  are located.


Definition: Economic and education opportunities,                    Case study: Yalga-binbi
community and health outcomes for Indigenous
stakeholders.                                                        Training Centre at Mt Rawdon
                                                                  The Yalga-binbi Institute for Community Development
Our Approach                                                      (YBI) now comprises a new and improved Environmental
                                                                  Marine Training Centre with an Alternative School for
Evolution is committed to respecting and enhancing the
                                                                  the delivery of high-quality training and community
rights, interests, concerns, traditional land uses and cultural
                                                                  development opportunities for at-risk youth in a secure,
activities of our First Nation Partners and Indigenous
                                                                  self-contained environment. YBI has been working within
Peoples within the communities in which we operate. For
                                                                  the community for over 20 years to develop programs
operations whose activities can directly or indirectly affect
                                                                  and training opportunities that promote positive social
Indigenous Peoples, our Social Responsibility Performance
                                                                  transformation and help empower the Indigenous
Standards require the establishment of formal procedures
                                                                  community to build better, healthier, and stronger
and processes related to Indigenous Community
                                                                  communities. Since 2018 an estimated 400 people have
engagement, economic inclusion and Cultural Heritage
                                                                  enrolled in their courses covering Conservation and Land
conservation, while ensuring we meet applicable legislative
                                                                  Management, Marine Compliance, Construction, Hospitality,
requirements.
                                                                  Retail, and Office Administration on site, and an outreach
Our Stakeholder Engagement Standard and Guidance                  training program is being run for local prison inmates to
guide our relationships with Indigenous Communities               retrain ahead of release. We are honoured to have built
by outlining specific requirements around engagement,             upon our partnership with YBI to fund these developments
communication, integration of community input,                    and are eager to support the outcomes for youth to learn
monitoring and review.                                            and prosper in the long-term.




                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 107
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




                                                                            honour and a responsibility. We value the partnerships
                                                                            we have built and are committed to working together to
                                                                            protect their Cultural Heritage and advance outcomes
                                                                            for First Nation Partners and Indigenous Peoples. Our
                                                                            relationships are integrated into our values driven
                                                                            approach, reflected in our Sustainability Principles and
                                                                            supported by our Sustainability Performance Standards
                                                                            and ongoing practical implementation of these standards.

                                                                            We believe that Cultural Heritage management should
                                                                            be based in agreement making and collaboration, with
                                                                            Traditional Owners and Custodians given a central role and
                                                                            voice. With input from Traditional Owners and Custodians,
                                                                            we have developed and implemented comprehensive
                                                                            Cultural Heritage management plans to monitor and
                                                                            manage our environmental impacts on Cultural Heritage.
     Case study: Wiradjuri                                                  This is especially important when our projects are

     Condobolin Corporation Galari                                          located on land traditionally owned, adjacent to, or under
                                                                            customary use by Indigenous peoples. In these instances,
     Agricultural Company                                                   specific engagement is undertaken.

     Business at Cowal                                                      In 2021, to further support this commitment, management
                                                                            created a new Group role to drive the development and
                                                                            implementation of a comprehensive cultural heritage,
Evolution and the Wiradjuri Condobolin Corporation
                                                                            community and Indigenous relations strategy, framework
have come together to form the Galari Agricultural
                                                                            and risk management.
Company (GAC) which has a meaning of connections
to the Lachlan River. The employment and training
initiative and horticultural and livestock enterprise will                  Cultural Heritage Management Review
focus on the production of beef cattle, lamb, and wool
on 1,600 acres of Evolution land. The project will start                    The destruction of culturally sensitive land in Australia
with training in shearing and animal husbandry for eight                    made many of us in the industry challenge and re-validate
trainees. Longer-term goals are to establish GAC as a                       our own standards, protocols and processes. We reaffirmed
Registered Training Organisation to support 80 youths                       the importance of the protection of Cultural Heritage at all
annually to build careers in agriculture, livestock, mining,                levels of the business.
commercial cleaning, catering, and land management.                         In response to the incident resulting in the destruction
This collaboration will enhance the employability and                       of the culturally significant heritage site, Juukan Gorge,
skill development of Indigenous youth in the region and                     Evolution took the following steps:
establish an ongoing work readiness pathway program.
                                                                            ß Each of our assets reached out to our Traditional
                                                                              Custodians to reaffirm our commitment to protecting
Cultural Heritage                                                             Cultural Heritage and also checked if there were any

(material topic)                                                              concerns
                                                                            ß Renewed focus on education across the business,
Definition: Working with Indigenous communities                               including progressing the planning of Cultural
to protect places and items of cultural significance.                         Competency sessions for leadership teams in the first
Indigenous engagement.                                                        instance
                                                                            ß Reviewed our existing Cultural Heritage standards
                                                                              and related audit findings to evaluate if we had the
Our Approach                                                                  correct processes and systems to support our ongoing
Evolution acknowledges the special connection to country                      commitment to the protection of Cultural Heritage and
that Indigenous people have, and we work together to                          as trusted partners
build constructive and respectful relationships.                            ß Reaffirmed our commitment through increased
                                                                              communications at all locations
As the short-term custodians of the land in which we
operate, we respect the role of our First Nation Partners,                  ß Delivered a brief outlining the impact of the destruction
Traditional Owners and Custodians of the land and                             of Juukan Gorge and key findings from the ‘Juukan
consider environmental and Cultural Heritage as both an                       Gorge Interim Report’35 to Evolution’s Board,
                                                                              Management and site management; the brief included

35   Juukan Gorge - Interim Report – Parliament of Australia (aph.gov.au)



108 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Community FY21 Sustainability Report




  an overview of the next steps to ensure learnings from       ß Supporting the improvement and sustainability of their
  this interim report are integrated into planning and           social and economic conditions including negotiated
  management                                                     royalties or consideration to employment and training
ß Conducted specific discussions with the Site General           opportunities and awareness of business opportunities
  Managers and teams to reinforce our values and                 that may arise within the operational footprint
  expectations
                                                               Each asset is required to maintain documentary evidence
ß Developed specific First Nation Engagement Plans that        of the status of actions, implementation and achievement
  considered Cultural Awareness across the business            against an agreed commitment. Any Cultural Heritage
ß Added Cultural Heritage to our Quarterly Environmental       near misses or incidents must be immediately reported to
  Assurance audits as an added layer of governance             enable a review of any incident or near miss to ensure we
                                                               understand, learn and widely communicate findings from
Evolution’s nine Sustainability Principles are closely         the frontline, with our stakeholders and to the Board.
aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals with
one Principle focusing on ‘Advancing the outcomes for          The Board Risk and Sustainability Committee meet and
Indigenous Peoples and protect their Cultural Heritage’.       review our Environment, Social and Safety performance
                                                               on a quarterly basis. Cultural Heritage impact or material
We have developed a set of Social Responsibility               changes are included in the Board update and open for
Performance Standards that sit within the Sustainability       discussion and review.
Performance Standards. Sections 5.1 and 5.2 of the Social
Responsibility Performance Standards outline performance       During FY21, there were no material Cultural Heritage
requirements related to planning, performance and              Incidents.
review of Cultural Heritage management and Traditional
Custodians and First Nation engagement. Each of our
projects and assets undergo regular sustainability audit and
                                                                  Case study: Identification of
assurance programs that assess performance against these          Stone Artefacts at Drummond
standards and identify opportunities for improvement.
Sustainability audits conducted in FY21, highlighted good      Our Cultural Heritage obligations include reporting all
alignment across all our assets in understanding and           artefacts or sites of potential cultural significance identified
implementation of the Social Responsibility Performance        during the course of our exploration field work. Whilst
Standards. The results of our audits for all operations        geological mapping on Birriah country at the Drummond
provide Evolution with greater assurance that current          Greenfields Project, two Evolution employees identified
governance practices are adequate to ensure the                several stone artefacts and after further detailed work
protection of Cultural Heritage, relationships and values.     located a possible knapping (“factory”) site.

                                                               These locations were photographed and a report was
Our Performance                                                forwarded to the Birriah Cultural Heritage Officer, who
                                                               subsequently inspected the sites that we had identified.
As outlined in the Social Responsibility Performance           The Officer confirmed the sites were of importance and
Standards, each of our operations has a dedicated              acknowledged our efforts for noting the site and bringing it
Community Relations team that liaises with our Traditional     to their attention so that it can be adequately studied and
Custodians and First Nation Partners and oversee               recorded for posterity.
the relationship agreements in place. Our Australian
and Canadian operations and exploration projects               Our Social Licence depends on the strength of our
operate under Collaboration Agreements, Native Title           relationships with the communities within which we
Agreements, Cultural Heritage Agreements and/or                operate and the Native Title groups with whom we work.
Exploration Agreements with our First Nation Partners.         Our people’s observations and follow-through have
These agreements are negotiated in good faith, fairly          demonstrated our values and commitments to Cultural
and equitably and ensure we work in partnership with           Heritage obligations.
Traditional Custodians and First Nation Partners to support
opportunities that promote and support self-determination
including:

ß Enabling them to maintain, control, protect and develop
  their Cultural Heritage, traditional knowledge and
  cultural expressions. These can include Cultural Heritage
  Management Plans which prescribes steps to be taken
  when undertaking operational or exploration activity
  that has the potential to uncover or disturb Cultural
  Heritage. Heritage Agreements may also have provisions
  to promote Cultural Awareness Training across sites



                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 109
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




   Case study: Integrated
   Cultural Heritage
   Management at Mungari
Following the destruction of culturally significant land in
Australia, Cultural Heritage management and protection
have been reaffirmed as key enablers for the operation and
future of the mining industry. Evolution is committed to
strengthening our existing relationships with our Traditional
Custodian and First Nation Partners and engaging in
thorough due diligence. The Mungari Operation are
leading Evolution’s integrated approach to Cultural
Heritage management through their enhanced monitoring
and regional geographical mapping of registered sites,
engagement in NAIDOC and Reconciliation Week, ongoing
open and honest landowner negotiations, and improved
cultural competencies.

The enhanced monitoring and mapping, particularly
through new technologies such as tablets to access the
QField application, enables greater efficiencies, allows us to
assess the implications for future landowner negotiations
and tenements, and boosts accuracy and visibility over
tenements, disturbances, boundaries, pastoral reserves, and
Cultural Heritage sites in the field.




110 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                          Community FY21 Sustainability Report




Community Engagement (material topic)
Definition: Indigenous and non-Indigenous community engagement. Managing community expectations and grievances.
Delivering on mutually beneficial agreements and investing in developing our local communities.


Our Approach
We understand the responsibility of being a major community employer and partner. Across Australia and Canada, we
employ local people, use a mix of national and local suppliers, and support economies more broadly through taxes and other
government payments. We aim to create sustainable partnerships and opportunities for our people to be involved in their
community.

It is important that we are an integral part of our local communities and work to understand expectations, share information
and resolve issues as they arise. We work to make a positive contribution to our communities, with management plans in
place to ensure responsible operations, and we work collaboratively on issues and opportunities. Many of our major sites
have established community consultation committees, providing a regular forum for open discussion between Evolution,
community representatives and other stakeholders about the environmental management and performance of our
operations.


Community Investment

Our Approach
Engaging with local stakeholders to understand our impacts as well as their goals for the sustainable development of their
communities is essential to how we identify and implement community investment programs, including our Shared Value
Projects and sponsorships and donations.

Our approach to community investment is site-specific, while maintaining the core guiding principles presented below.
Each site is responsible for its own community investment initiatives. Community investment projects are first assessed and
then implemented by our Community Relations teams at each of our sites. The site General Managers are responsible for
overseeing community investment projects and their contributions to sustainable development.

Evolution's Community Investment program is underpinned by four guiding principles:



 Attraction and                          Build Community           Enhance                           Innovation
 Retention                               Advocacy                  Outcomes for                      and Industry
 ß Raise awareness                       ß Demonstrate             First Nation                      Relevance
   and strengthen                          industry relevance      Groups and                        ß Unlock value for
   reputation of                           (now and future)
   Evolution / mining
                                                                   ATSI* people                        Evolution / mining
                                         ß Foster trust in                                             sector
   sector in broader                       mining/ gold sector     ß Demonstrate
                                                                                                     ß Support leading
   community                                                         our respect and
                                         ß Touch the hearts of                                         practice and new
 ß Attract younger                                                   accountability for
                                           our local, regional                                         approaches in:
   generation to                                                     any disturbance
                                           and national                                                 ß Environment
   careers with                            communities             ß Partnerships that
   Evolution / the                                                   build capacity for                 ß Safety
                                         ß Grow understanding
   mining sector                                                     the future                         ß Discovery
                                           of modern mining
 ß Grow Evolution’s                        practices               ß Develop/support                    ß Operations
   brand as employer                                                 actions to help close              ß Technology
   of choice                                                         the gap:
                                                                                                        ß Community
                                                                     ß Health                             outcomes
                                                                     ß Education
                                                                     ß Employment

* Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander



                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 111
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




Our Performance

Direct Community Investment
Total direct community investment expenditures across our operations and Group office in FY21 were approximately A$3.30
million, and supported the following impact areas:


                                  Community Investment Breakdown FY21 (%)




                                   9%
                  22%                      7%                          Arts, Culture and Sport 9%
                                                                       Environmental Stewardship 7%
                                                                       Skills, Education and Training 17%

                                              17%                      Community Resilience 12%
                                                                       Health and Wellbeing 12%
             17%
                                                                       Local Economic Development 4%
                                                                       Infrastructure Capability 17%
                                        12%
                   4%       12%                                        Other* 22%



                                                                    *'Other' refers to impacts external of the provided impact areas.




The following table highlights key Shared Value Projects at each of our sites:


 Shared Value       Site           Purpose                     Impact Area         Outcomes
 Project

 University of      Group          Partnership with UQ         Health and          ß Novel technology enabling early cancer
 Queensland’s                      to support research         Wellbeing             diagnosis and survival rates up to 98%
 Research for                      into using gold                                 ß Several research papers published in
 Early Cancer                      nanoparticles to test for                         renowned medical journals –advocating
 Diagnosis Using                   cancer, enabling early                            for the value of gold in biomedical
 Gold                              diagnosis of all cancer                           technologies – with positive receptions
                                   types
                                                                                   ß Extension of partnership into researching
                                                                                     long haul COVID-19 impacts
 NQ Dry Tropics     Mt Carlton     To improve the              Environmental       ß Invasive lantana removed from beach scrub
 Beach Scrub                       condition and extent of     Stewardship           ecological communities near The Pocket
 Protection                        threatened beach scrub      and Skills,           outside of Ayr
                                   ecological communities      Education and       ß Four Gudjuda trainees trained and certified
                                   in the dry tropics          Training              as bushrangers to undertake mapping,
                                   in partnership with                               vegetation assessments, and to look after
                                   Traditional Custodians                            Country
                                   and NQ Dry Tropics
                                                                                   ß Enhanced skill transferability and
                                                                                     employability of the local community




112 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Community FY21 Sustainability Report




Shared Value     Site         Purpose                     Impact Area         Outcomes
Project

Somewhere        Cowal        Partnership with            Arts, Culture       ß Installation of three Evolution-sponsored
Down the                      Forbes Arts Society to      and Sport,            sculptures: a 22m long galvanised steel
Lachlan                       significantly enhance       Community             Goanna named ‘Varganus’, the thought-
                              tourism in the region       Resilience and        provoking ‘Road Kill’, and a 6m tall
                              by installing a sculpture   Local Economic        Indigenous warrior named ‘Heart of
                              trail between shires        Development           Country’
                                                                              ß Linked the local shires together,
                                                                                encouraged tourism, and fostered the
                                                                                local economy with the associated Grazing
                                                                                Down the Lachlan
                                                                              ß Educational opportunities respecting and
                                                                                incorporating the traditional culture of
                                                                                Indigenous people
                                                                              ß Transition to independent management by
                                                                                the Forbes Art Society and community
Great Barrier    Mt Carlton   Partnership with James      Environmental       ß Research and data generated on yellow
Reef Yellow                   Cook University and         Stewardship           zone areas which are often overlooked in
Zone Research                 Great Barrier Reef                                favour of no-take fishing areas
Project                       Marine Park Authority                           ß Expansion of the spatial research area,
                              to research protected                             enabling greater access and scope of local
                              marine areas with aims                            fishing communities
                              of reef conservation
                              and community support
Red Lake Fire    Red Lake     To enhance emergency        Community           ß Provision of a modern fit-for-purpose fire
Recovery                      capabilities within         Resilience            truck
Support                       the Red Lake region,                            ß Financial support to enable regional
                              namely with a new and                             economic recovery following bushfire and
                              higher capacity fire                              evacuation costs
                              truck, following the
                                                                              ß Long-term community resilience to fire
                              bushfire disasters of
                                                                                emergencies, safeguarding community
                              August 2020
                                                                                safety and wellbeing
                                                                              ß Strengthened existing partnerships with
                                                                                the Balmertown Fire Department
Mt Perry         Mt           A funding collaboration     Community           ß Track upgraded to a Class 3 Standard
Summit Walk      Rawdon       to provide visitors         Resilience and        hiking trail, including improved signage and
                              with a reason to stop       Local Economic        amenities
                              and stay in Mt Perry        Development         ß Several Gidarjil Trainees trained in mapping
                              and develop tourism                               and land management to revitalise the
                              and community                                     track
                              infrastructure
                                                                              ß Increased patronage and tourism
                              capabilities
Ben Prior Park   Mungari      Partnership with the        Community           ß Since March 2021, Coolgardie’s community
                              Shire of Coolgardie,        Resilience and        assets and the region’s rich mining history
                              Kambalda and                Skills, Education     enhanced and showcased in a revitalised
                              Coolgardie Men’s Sheds      and Training          open-air mining museum
                              to restore Coolgardie’s                         ß Mining and farming equipment, such as
                              Ben Prior Park into a                             shaft winder wheels, provided from the
                              functional open-air                               collection of late local resident Ben Prior
                              mining museum and
                                                                              ß Increased tourism and economic stimulus,
                              tourism rest spot
                                                                                and sensory tools to educate the
                                                                                community
                                                                              ß Recognition from Gold Industry Group



                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 113
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




Grievances

Our Approach
We believe that conducting business honestly and
respectfully requires open communication between our
sites and stakeholders. This is essential when managing
disputes regarding our activities and relationships. When
grievances are raised, we act and respond with due
diligence, and effective grievance mechanisms play an
important role in governing and remediating any impacts.


Our Performance
All operations have a grievance mechanism in place
to ensure that stakeholders can voice concerns about                Case study: West Wyalong
Evolution activities and impacts and that these concerns
are documented in a transparent, accountable manner and             Advocate Revival at Cowal
addressed in a timely fashion.
                                                                 Regional Australian newspapers are recognised as a key
Refer to the ESG Performance Data document for the total         communication source for small communities, yet they
number of grievances filed through grievance mechanisms          have experienced recent widespread closures. In early
at each of our operations in FY21.                               2021, the closure of the 126-year-old West Wyalong
                                                                 Advocate was announced to the disappointment of the
   Case study: Mt Perry Summit                                   communities surrounding our Cowal Operation. The team
                                                                 at Cowal saw the loss of the region’s most trusted and vital
   Walk at Mt Rawdon                                             resource as an opportunity to work closely with community
                                                                 representatives and the Bland Shire to revive the paper
The Mt Perry Community Development Board (MPCDB)
                                                                 under the management of an external, independent body.
works to support the Mt Perry community and give the
                                                                 This revival aimed to strengthen and sustain long-term
region an identity and prosperous future beyond the life of
                                                                 community, employment, and business connections across
mining. An element of this strategy is the promotion and
                                                                 the region beyond the life of mine in line with Cowal’s
delivery of the Mt Perry Summit Nature Walk. Evolution
                                                                 community relations priorities. After a four-month hiatus,
has partnered with the MPCDB, Gidarjil Development
                                                                 the Advocate successfully recommenced publication in
Corporation, North Burnett Regional Council, and QPWS,
                                                                 May 2021 underpinned by strong long-term foundations
to improve the existing Mt Perry Summit Nature Walk
                                                                 of economic support from Evolution and an independent
and upgrade it to a safe and marketable Class 3 Standard
                                                                 management committee. This success story featured as
hiking trail. The unmarked bush trail initially lacked signage
                                                                 an entry in the 2021 NSW Mining HSEC Awards and was
and any local promotion. The upgrades have the potential
                                                                 recognised for its positive community impact.
to showcase Mt Perry’s local ecosystems, foster local
economic development through increased visitors and
longer stays in town, and support the health and wellbeing
of both visitors and employees. The project also enables
collaboration with our Traditional Custodians, Gidarjil,
and the Queensland State Government in providing
employment and training opportunities to 15 local
applicants while building the walking track. Even prior
to the official opening on 6 August, the trail experienced
increased patronage and usage.




114 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Community FY21 Sustainability Report




   Case study: UQ research into                                Local Employment
   DNA Nanostructures and                                      (material topic)
   COVID-19 immune responses                                   Definition: Commitment to employ locals where possible,

   using Gold                                                  followed by a preference for relocation over FIFO.


To aid in the research and development of rapid cancer         Our Approach
tests, Evolution committed A$300,000 over a three-year
partnership with the University of Queensland (UQ) in 2019.    Drawing our workforce from local communities where
Researchers from UQ developed a breakthrough novel             possible is a priority to ensure that the economic benefit
Immuno-Storm chip technology, using gold nanoparticles         of employment remains in our local communities. Benefits
that can rapidly detect cancer cells in the human body         of local employment include skills development, increased
with the potential to enable early diagnosis for all cancer    income levels and economic diversification.
types and improve survival rates up to 98%. It is considered   This strategy helps build strong working relationships with
a disruptive technology, and Evolution’s support assists in    local communities. Hiring and training local employees
commercialising it, generating intellectual property, and      may also result in operating efficiencies and lower long-
contributing to the growth of our Biotechnology industry.      term costs by having an educated and experienced
We are exploring opportunities to continue our support,        workforce near our sites. This practice positively impacts
with research expanded to include long-term COVID-19           local and national economies by providing well-paying
immune response. Following the successful initial clinical     jobs and generating government revenues that can be
demonstration and advancement of the technology                directed towards health care, education and infrastructure.
and research, Professor Trau, Director of the Centre for       Conversely, negative impacts can include inflated local
Personalised Medicine at UQ’s Australian Institute for         prices for goods and services as well as income disparity
Bioengineering and Nanotechnology, and the UQ scientists       between the mining and non-mining workforce.
who pioneered the technology, are focused on critical
research in the application of the Immuno-Storm chip
                                                               Our Performance
technology to long-term COVID-19 immune response. This
innovative research offers an opportunity for Evolution
to improve the health of people in our communities and
globally, save lives, build the diversity of new gold-based
products in medical diagnostics, and demonstrate the




                                                                        67%
relevance of gold.




                                                                               local employment
                                                                             across our operations




                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 115
FY21 Sustainability Report Community




   Case study: The Karlkurla
   Park Shed: Enhancing training
   and employment prospects
   for Goldfields prisoners at
   Mungari
In partnership with the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Urban Landcare
Group, Evolution has supported a program to enhance
skill development and training opportunities for local
Goldfields prisoners. Through this program, 16 members of
the correctional community constructed a storage shed as
part of wider infrastructure upgrades to the local nursery.
It has contributed to the members’ rehabilitation into the
community by boosting their employment opportunities
and established a foundation for upgrades to the nursery
which will provide a community space for recreation,
connection, health, and wellbeing.




116 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
"Evolution continues to work in
 partnership with our supply chain to
 continuously improve our approach,
 develop sustainable practices and
 deliver value to our business and
 communities. We strive to work with
 suppliers and contractors who share
 our values and are driven to improve
 our supply chain’s social and ethical
 footprint."

Gary Ward,
Group Manager Supply
FY21 Sustainability Report Sustainable Procurement




Sustainable Procurement

FY21 Highlights:




           A$100                                     54%                                           *

           million
                                                     of medium and high-risk suppliers
                                                     assessed for modern slavery and
                                                     human rights risks in FY21
                                                     * 54% of questionnaires issued were returned in FY21
         local spend (27% increase
             compared to FY20)
                                                     Modern Slavery
                                                     Statement released

                                                     Supplier Code of
                                                     Conduct released

                                                     Standard contract terms
                                                     updated to consider modern
                                                     slavery risks and expectations




118 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                       Sustainable Procurement FY21 Sustainability Report




Sustainabilty Procurement
                                                             ß Hiring employees, contractors and suppliers from the
                                                               local community

(material topic)                                             We engage with our local communities. This includes
                                                             hosting information evenings with our key contractors and
Definition: Purchase goods and services responsibly:         their communities to discuss subcontracting, supply and
human rights, environmental issues, Indigenous               employment opportunities on various projects.
corporations, security, and supplier conduct.

Supply chains represent the people who do the work to        Our Performance
supply the goods and services that we need to operate,
                                                             In FY21, we spent A$129 million directly with local and
the local communities whose needs and expectations
                                                             regional suppliers, including A$100 million with local
must be understood and respected, and the environment
                                                             suppliers, a 27% increase compared to FY20. Our increase
that sustains our communities and provides the natural
                                                             in this spend is due to our efforts to more actively identify
resources we need for our products. We choose to partner
                                                             opportunities to include local, regional and Indigenous
with suppliers who share our core values.
                                                             suppliers.
A Procurement Statement provides the framework

                                                                Case study: Tucker Dust and
under which Evolution procures goods and services and
is aimed at ensuring the Company applies its adopted
values (Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect)
to procurement activities and that the outcomes reflect
                                                                Diesel Partnership at Mungari
maximising value for the Company and our relationships       Mungari celebrated a local and Indigenous procurement
with our suppliers.                                          partnership with Tucker Dust and Diesel, a 100%
Suppliers play a key role in helping to deliver on our       Aboriginal-owned company that takes pride in its local
corporate strategy. Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines    heritage and community, specialising in mobile plant and
the expectations we have of our suppliers. Suppliers are     vehicle maintenance and mining support equipment.
required to be accountable for their actions and commit      The Managing Director of Tucker Dust and Diesel is a
to ensuring they conduct their business in alignment with    strong believer in helping the local community and its
Evolution’s values and behaviours.                           people and has a long-term vision of creating professional
                                                             employment opportunities for the next generation
A Sustainable Procurement Framework is being developed       through apprenticeships and traineeships. Instilling quality
which aims to ensure that sustainable procurement            workmanship into training regimes and providing quality
practices are embedded in our business, ensuring ESG         service to clients is core to the Tucker Dust and Diesel
standards are maintained and continuously improved           working ethos. Our partnership aligns with our aspirations
throughout the procurement lifecycle.                        to enhance our sustainable procurement, provide for
                                                             Indigenous stakeholder outcomes, and remove any

Local and Regional                                           potential barriers to doing so.


Procurement

Our Approach
Procuring goods and services from local and regional
suppliers helps share the economic value in the
communities in which we operate. Progress is monitored
by tracking direct procurement spend (paid by Evolution)
and indirect spend (paid by subcontractors to Evolution).
Our approach is based on local economic procurement
decisions and processes that have significant and positive
impacts on local economies, with associated benefits to
businesses and communities in the regions of our sites.

Our local and regional procurement practices focus on:

ß Promoting an open and shared culture across all our
  workplaces
ß Providing ongoing training and education
ß Upholding equal opportunities, diversity and anti-
  discriminatory practices



                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 119
FY21 Sustainability Report Sustainable Procurement




Modern Slavery and Human
                                                            In FY21, our assets were internally audited and verified,
                                                            including human rights risks, against our Human Rights

Rights (material topic)                                     Performance Standard. No violations of human rights,
                                                            including the rights of Indigenous peoples, were recorded
Definition: Australian modern slavery legislation. Work     during the reporting period.
hours, fair pay, supply chain transparency.                 Our Modern Slavery Statement was approved in FY21,
As a signatory to the UNGC, Evolution has committed         and a commitment within our statement is to undertake
to advancing all Ten Principles of the UNGC, including      further questioning, review and assessment of suppliers
Principles One and Two: Human rights and respect for        considered to be at higher risk of modern slavery in their
human rights, as outlined in the United Nations Universal   supply chains. We have collaborated with each of our sites
Declaration of Human Rights.                                to determine our medium to high risk suppliers and have
                                                            issued 76 questionnaires on human rights and modern
One of Evolution’s nine sustainability principles, Human    slavery risks to those identified suppliers. Our assessments
Rights, underpins the Human Rights Performance              to date have not identified any modern slavery practices in
Standard, as part of our Sustainability Performance         our operations or supply chain, however we recognise this
Standards.                                                  is an ongoing process and we remain vigilant.

                                                            A Modern Slavery Business Guide has been developed
                                                            which sets out our approach in our business activities to
                                                            manage the potential risk of modern slavery occurring in
                                                            vendor supply chains.




120 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Glossary FY21 Sustainability Report




Glossary
Glossary

“AA” rating   Rating credibility used in the MSCI review. The lowest rating of “CCC” to the highest rating of “AAA”
A$            Australian dollars
ALO           Act Like an Owner. An internal ongoing recognition program that rewards our employees for their
              supportive behaviour and good ideas
AMD           Acid mine drainage. When sulphide minerals (predominantly pyrite) are exposed to air, which
              allows them to oxidise and break down
B             Billion. The number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a million
BBP           Balanced Business Plan
BEV           Battery electrical vehicles. Fully-electric, meaning they are solely powered by electricity and do not
              have a petrol, diesel or LPG engine, fuel tank or exhaust pipe.
CMT           Crisis management team. The CMT provides support through management of crisis level issues
CN            Cyanide. A chemical compound used in the extraction of gold and silver
CO2-e         Carbon dioxide equivalent. A standard unit for measuring carbon footprints
COVID-19      Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the strain of Novel coronavirus
              that causes coronavirus disease 2019. A mild to severe respiratory illness that is caused by a
              coronavirus and is transmitted chiefly by contact with infectious material (such as respiratory
              droplets) or with objects or surfaces contaminated by the causative virus
CSA           Corporate Sustainability Assessment. A scoring methodology that companies and investors can
              review on a company’s ESG
CSIRO         Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation. An Australian government agency
              responsible for scientific research
Dewatering    The act of taking water from an operating mine
DJSI          Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. These are a family of indices evaluating the sustainability
              performance of thousands of companies globally
EAP           Employee assistance program. Program available to employees and their families to use to assist
              with their health and wellbeing
ERT           Emergency Response Team. Teams built at each operation to support both our operations and
              assist communities through significant incidents or threatening situations
ESG           Environmental, Social and Governance. The three key factors when evaluating the sustainability
              and ethical impact of an investment in a company or country
ESS           Employee Share Scheme. A scheme introduced by Evolution Mining 6 years ago which supports
              the issuing of shares to our full and part-time employees to ensure they share in Evolution’s success
FSB           Financial Stability Board. An international body that monitors and makes recommendations about
              the global financial system
FNP           First Nation Partners
FY20 / FY21   FY meaning financial year. FY21 would then be the period from July 2020 to end of June 2021
GHG           Greenhouse Gas. Compound gases that trap heat or longwave radiation in the atmosphere
GRI           Global Reporting Initiative. Independent, international organisation that provides the world’s most
              widely used standards for sustainability reporting
ICMM          International Council on Mining and Metals. An international organisation whose purpose bringing
              together a safe, fair and sustainable mining and metals industry
ISS ESG       Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS). ISS ESG is a business that provides corporate and
              company ESG research and ratings
IWL           Integrated waste landform. A simple definition is a tailings storage facility that is located inside
              waste rock storage
JT            Johnathan Thurston. He is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who has
              established an academy to provide employment initiatives and training
kL            Kilolitre. Measurement equivalent to 1,000 litres



                                                                       Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 121
FY21 Sustainability Report Glossary




 Glossary

 LCF                      Lake Cowal Foundation. A not-for-profit Environmental Trust established in June 2000 to protect
                          and enhance Lake Cowal, a nationally significant wetland located 45 km north of West Wyalong
                          New South Wales
 LCCC                     Lake Cowal Conservation Centre. A community educational facility where school students, land
                          managers and community members can learn about and experience a variety of issues associated
                          with natural resource management
 LGBTQ2S+                 Loosely defined grouping of people who Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer or
 community                Questioning, Two-Spirit and other minorities
 LOD                      Line of Defence
 LOM                      Life of Mine
 LoKal                    Name given to a local community initiative in Kalgoorlie
 M                        Million. Number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a thousand
 MillROC                  Milling Remote Optimisation Consulting Coaching. Software produced by Orway IQ which is a
                          cloud-based reporting of all plant data related to circuit performance and optimisation
 ML                       Megalitre. Equal to one million litres
 MSA                      Modern Slavery Act. The Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act 2018 (the Act) established
                          Australia’s national Modern Slavery Reporting Requirement (reporting requirement). The reporting
                          requirement entered into force on 1 January 2019. The reporting requirement aims to support the
                          Australian business community to identify and address their modern slavery risks and maintain
                          responsible and transparent supply chains
 MPCDB                    Mt Perry Community Development Board. exists to promote and support all forms of community
                          and economic development within the town of Mt Perry and the surrounding areas
 MSCI                     Morgan Stanley Capital International. It is an investment research firm
 NGER                     National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting. A national framework for reporting and disseminating
                          company information and greenhouse gas emissions, energy production and energy consumption
 NIST                     National Institute of Standards and Technology. Founded in 1901, NIST is one of United States’
                          oldest physical science laboratories; they released a cybersecurity framework that integrates
                          industry standards and best practices to help organizations manage their cybersecurity risks
 NIER                     Northern Industrial Electricity Rate Program. Assists Northern Ontario’s largest industrial electricity
                          consumers to reduce energy costs, sustain jobs and maintain global competitiveness
 NGOs                     Non-governmental organisation. A non-profit, citizen-based group that functions independently of
                          government
 NMD                      Neutral mine drainage. In some instances, the acidity produced by sulphide oxidation can be
                          neutralised in the presence of carbonate minerals
 NPI                      National Pollutant Inventory. The NPI provides the community, industry and government with free
                          information about substance emissions in Australia
 PAF                      Potentially Acid Forming. Classification of a rock when tested if it has the potential to generate
                          acid as a result of a metal mining activity
 PPE                      Personal protective equipment. Anything used or worn on our employees to minimise risk to their
                          health and safety
 S&P Global               Company that provides data, research, news and analytics to customers including institutional
                          investors and corporations
 SAM                      Title for the Corporate Sustainability Assessment. SAM refers to historic naming when the CSA was
                          hosted by RobecoSAM AG. It is now transferred to S&P Global Switzerland SA and known as the
                          SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment
 Scope 1                  Category of greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 1 is sometimes referred to as direct emissions and
                          refers to emissions released to the atmosphere as a direct result of an activity
 Scope 2                  Category of greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 2 refers to emissions released to the atmosphere
                          from the indirect consumption of an energy commodity



122 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                 Glossary FY21 Sustainability Report




Glossary

SD         Saline drainage. This is saline and metal-rich drainage that has been produced by the oxidation of
           metal sulphides that do not generate net acidity
STIP       Short term incentive plan
t          tonnes
SA         Sustainability Advantage. NSW Government program encouraging and accelerating the
           sustainability of medium to large businesses
TARP       Trigger Action Response Plan. Consists of a set of documented and known work place hazards
           that need to be continuously checked for
TCFD       Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. An organisation that was established in
           December 2015 with the goal of developing a set of voluntary climate-related financial risk
           disclosures which may be adopted by companies
TRIF       Total Recordable Injury Frequency. Usually forms part of the acronym TRIFR and refers to the
           number of fatalities, lost time injuries, alternate work, and other injuries requiring medical treatment
           per million hours worked
TSF        Tailings storage facility. A facility designed to safely store left over mined minerals
UN SDGs    United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. These are global goals adopted by all United
           Nations Member States as a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure
           that all people enjoy peace and prosperity by 2030
WORK 180   A recruitment site showing Australian employers who support women in the workplace. Criteria
           include flexible work, pay equity and parental leave




                                                                    Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 123
FY21 Annual Report Chief Financial Officer’s Review




Chief Financial Officer’s Review
                                                                totalled 200,000 ounces at a price of A$1,892 per ounce
                                                                for the Australian operations and 80,000 ounces at
                                                                C$2,272 per ounce for Red Lake with quarterly deliveries
                                                                through to June 2023.

                                                                Copper revenue was a record with a 26% increase from the
                                                                prior year to A$236.9 million (FY20: A$187.9 million), driven
                                                                by a 33% increase in the copper price to A$11,172 per tonne
                                                                which was partially offset by a 5% decrease in production
                                                                to 21,361 tonnes.

                                                                Mine operating costs, excluding Red Lake (first full year
                                                                of ownership) and Cracow (divested 1 July 2020), showed
                                                                good cost control in the year with increases in costs
                                                                largely driven by increased activity across the sites. Price
                                                                increases over the year were only approximately 1% of
                                                                the total operating cost or A$5.8 million. The increase
                                                                was mainly due to a 3.5% rise in labour and contractor
                                                                rates combined with increased maintenance consumables
                                                                costs and water unit rates. Pleasingly, these cost increases
In the 2021 financial year Evolution’s                          were mostly offset by lower power costs linked to new
                                                                contract rates, lower diesel costs due to lower oil prices
quality asset portfolio delivered                               and lower grinding media costs due to the benefits of
a record statutory net profit with                              new contract rates. Higher activities across the operations
                                                                impacted operating costs by 3.5% or A$26.6 million driven
shareholders continuing to be                                   by the full year of underground operations at Mt Carlton,
rewarded through our consistent                                 additional headcount at Cowal and Mungari, and increased
                                                                maintenance activities.
dividend policy.
                                                                Red Lake operating costs were A$197.2 million for the first
                                                                full-year in comparison to A$48.3 million incurred for the
Evolution achieved a record statutory net profit after tax of   part-year of ownership in FY20. On a pro-rata basis costs
A$345.3 million for FY21, a 14.5% increase on the prior year    at Red Lake in FY21 remained in line with FY20.
(30 June 2020: A$301.6 million). Underlying profit after tax    Inventory costs expensed were A$44.9 million lower driven
was A$354.3 million (FY20: A$405.4 million).                    by increased value of stockpile inventories predominantly
Group gold production was 680,788 ounces at an AISC of          at Cowal, partially offset by planned drawdown of
A$1,215 per ounce (US$907/oz) which continues to place          stockpiles until access to Stage H ore is obtained in FY22.
Evolution among the lowest cost producers in the world.         Royalties were in line with FY20 driven by higher achieved
In FY22, Evolution has guided production of 700,000             metal prices offset by lower metal quantities sold. By-
– 760,000 ounces at an AISC in the range of A$1,220 –           product revenue was up 28% due to higher metal prices,
A$1,280 per ounce.                                              particularly copper.
Revenue for FY21 decreased by 4% to A$1,864.1 million           Tax expense for FY21 of A$150.9 million is A$43.9 million
(FY20: A$1,941.9 million). The higher achieved gold price       higher than FY20 reflecting the higher profit achieved in
of A$2,369 per ounce was partially offset by a decrease         the year.
in production for the year to 680,788 ounces (FY20:
746,463oz). Revenue comprised of A$1,605.0 million of           Operating mine cash flow decreased by 16% to A$937.3
gold, A$236.9 million of copper and A$22.1 million of silver    million (FY20: A$1,121.4 million). Total capital investment
(FY20: A$1,738.1 million of gold, A$187.9 million of copper     was A$379.8 million (FY20: A$371.0 million) which included
and A$15.8 million of silver revenue).                          A$105.7 million (FY20: A$83.4 million) of sustaining capital
                                                                investment and A$274.1 million (FY20: A$287.6 million) of
Total gold sold equalled 677,150 ounces which included          major capital investment.
deliveries into the Australian gold hedge book of 100,000
ounces at an average price of A$1,829 per ounce (FY20:          On 20 May 2021 Evolution completed the acquisition of all
100,000 ounces, A$1,734/oz) and Canadian hedge book of          the outstanding shares of Battle North Gold at a price of
40,000 ounces at an average price of C$2,272 per ounce.         C$2.65 per common share in cash for a total consideration
The remaining 537,150 ounces were sold in the spot market       of approximately C$343.0 million. Battle North Gold’s
comprising 456,001 ounces delivered at an average price         key asset was the Bateman mill which is located 10km
of A$2,474 per ounce and 81,169 ounces delivered at an          from Evolution’s existing Red Lake operations in Ontario,
average price of C$2,361 per ounce (FY20: 664,655oz,            Canada. The additional processing capacity from the new
A$2,320/oz). At 30 June 2021 gold delivery commitments          Bateman mill will accelerate the ability to achieve in excess
                                                                of 350,000 ounces of gold per annum from Red Lake.


124 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Chief Financial Officer’s Review FY21 Annual Report




On 22 July 2021, Evolution announced that it had entered                cross currency swaps to hedge the US dollar exposure. The
into an agreement with Northern Star Resources Limited to               completion of the placement is subject to standard closing
acquire:                                                                conditions and is expected to be drawn in November 2021.

ß 100% interest in the Kundana Operations                               A record A$273.4 million (FY20: A$221.4 million) in fully
ß 51% interest in the East Kundana Joint Venture (EKJV)                 franked dividends was paid during the year, a 23.5%
                                                                        increase on the prior year.
ß 100% interest in certain tenements comprising the
  Carbine Project                                                       The Board declared a final FY21 fully franked dividend of
ß 75% interest in the West Kundana Joint Venture (WKJV)                 5 cents per share, totalling A$91.3 million. This results in an
                                                                        FY21 full year dividend of 12 cents per share fully franked.
The transaction completed on 18 August 2021 with                        This dividend is based on the policy of whenever possible
the acquired operating assets all situated within eight                 paying a dividend based on free cash flow generated
kilometres of Evolution’s Mungari Operations, which                     during a year. The policy targets a payout ratio of 50% of
represents an important strategic opportunity to                        cash flow. Free cash flow is defined as cash flow before
consolidate the region, optimise the value of its existing              debt and any acquisitions or divestments. The full year
Mungari infrastructure and capture significant operational              dividend equates to a payout rate of 64% of FY21 group
synergies. Evolution has paid Northern Star A$400.0                     cash flow.
million in cash to acquire the assets, which was funded by a
                                                                        In summary, the 2021 financial year was another great year
A$400.0 million fully underwritten institutional placement
                                                                        for Evolution. As we look forward to 2022 and beyond, our
and was accompanied by a non-underwritten share
                                                                        strong cash position and robust balance sheet will allow
purchase plan which raised an additional A$68.0 million.
                                                                        us to invest in attractive organic growth opportunities to
On 13 August 2021 Evolution announced that it had                       increase the production profiles at our high quality, long
successfully priced a US$550 million placement in the                   life cornerstone assets which is expected to continue to
United States private placement market. This was following              generate superior returns for our investors.
receipt of an investment grade private credit rating from a
                                                                        Yours faithfully
major reputable rating agency. Funds from the placement
will enable repayment of the existing term loan facility
that funded the Red Lake acquisition (A$450 million) and
extend the debt maturity profile from an average of 2.7
years to 7.1 years. The placement consisted of US$200
million maturing November 2028 with a fixed rate coupon
                                                                        LAWRIE CONWAY
of 2.83% and US$350 million maturing November 2031 with
                                                                        FINANCE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
a fixed rate coupon of 3.17%. Evolution has entered into



 Financial                                   Units                     FY21                      FY20                    Change
 Statutory Profit before tax                  A$M                      496.2                    408.6                      21%
 Underlying Profit after tax1                 A$M                      345.3                     301.6                     14%
 Underlying Profit after tax1                 A$M                      354.3                    405.4                     (13%)
 EBITDA                                       A$M                      914.2                    1,029.4                    (11%)
 EBITDA Margin                                 %                       49%                       53%                       (8%)
 AIC Margin                                  A$/oz                      673                      764                      (12%)
 Earnings Per Share                           cps                       20.2                      17.7                    (14%)
 Mine Cash flow                               A$M                      554.9                     736.0                    (25%)
 Group cash flow2                             A$M                      327.3                     541.8                    (40%)
 Final Dividend (fully ranked)                cps                       5.0                       9.0                     (4.0)

1.   Main differences between Statutory and Underlying Profit after tax are A$11M in M&A costs (FY21) and A$101M for Mt Carlton impairment
     (FY20)

2.   Cash flow before dividends, debt repayments and M&A costs




                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 125
FY21 Annual Report Board of Directors




Board of Directors
The Board has implemented and is committed to the ASX Corporate Governance
Council’s Fourth Edition Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations,
and to maintaining a high standard of Corporate Governance which reflects the
requirements of the market regulators and the expectations of the Company’s
security holders.




Jacob (Jake) Klein                            Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway               James (Jim) Askew
BCom Hons, ACA                                B Bus, CPA, GAICD                      BEng (Mining), MEngSc,
                                                                                     FAusIMM, MSME (AIME)
Executive Chairman                            Finance Director and Chief
Mr Klein was appointed as Executive           Financial Officer                      Non-Executive Director
Chairman in October 2011, following           Mr Conway was appointed Finance        Mr Askew is a mining engineer
the merger of Conquest Mining                 Director and Chief Financial Officer   with more than 40 years’ broad
Limited and Catalpa Resources                 of the Group with effect from 1        international experience as a Director
Limited. Previously he served as the          August 2014 (previously a Non-         and Chief Executive Officer for
Executive Chairman of Conquest                Executive Director).                   a wide range of Australian and
Mining.                                                                              international publicly listed mining,
                                              Mr Conway has more than 30
Prior to that, Mr Klein was President                                                mining finance and other mining
                                              years’ experience in the resources
and CEO of Sino Gold Mining                                                          related companies.
                                              sector across a diverse range
Limited, where he managed the                 of commercial, financial and           Mr Askew has served on the boards
development of that company                   operational activities. He has held    of numerous mining and mining
into the largest foreign participant          a mix of corporate, operational and    services companies, which currently
in the Chinese gold industry. Sino            commercial roles within Australia,     includes Syrah Resources Limited
Gold was listed on the ASX in 2002            Papua New Guinea and Chile with        (Chairman since October 2014),
with a market capitalisation of               Newcrest and prior to that with        a company with operations in
$100 million and was purchased by             BHP Billiton. He most recently held    Mozambique and in the USA and
Eldorado Gold Corporation in late             the position of Executive General      Endeavour Mining Corporation, a
2009 for over $2 billion. It became           Manager - Commercial and West          company with operations in Cote
an ASX/S&P 100 Company, operating             Africa with Newcrest Mining where      d’Ivoire, Senegal and Burkina Faso
two award-winning gold mines and              he was responsible for Newcrest’s      (Non-Executive Director since
engaging over 2,000 employees and             group Supply and Logistics,            July 2017).
contractors in China. Prior to joining        Marketing, Information Technology
Sino Gold (and its predecessor)                                                      Within the last 3 years Mr Askew has
                                              and Laboratory functions as well as
in 1995, Mr Klein was employed at                                                    been a Non-Executive Director of
                                              Newcrest’s business in West Africa.
Macquarie Bank and PwC.                                                              Oceana Gold.
                                              Mr Conway is a Non-Executive
                                                                                     Mr Askew is Chair of the Risk and
                                              Director of Aurelia Metals Ltd
                                                                                     Sustainability Committee and
                                              (appointed in June 2017).
                                                                                     Member of the Nomination and
                                                                                     Remuneration Committee.




126 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Board of Directors FY21 Annual Report




Thomas (Tommy) McKeith                 Andrea Hall                                 Jason Attew
BSc (Hons), GradDip Eng                BCom, FCA, M. App Fin, GAICD                BSc, MBA
(Mining), MBA
                                       Non-Executive Director                      Non-Executive Director
Non-Executive Director                 Ms Hall is a Chartered Accountant           Mr Attew is a mining industry veteran
Mr McKeith is a geologist with over    with more than 30 years’ experience         who has dedicated 25 years to the
30 years’ experience in various        in the financial services industry          mining sector and is currently the
mine geology, exploration, business    in roles involved in internal audit,        President and CEO of Gold Standard
development and executive              risk management, corporate and              Ventures Corporation. Previously
leadership roles. He was formerly      operational governance, external            he served as the Chief Financial
Executive Vice President (Growth       audit, financial management and             Officer at Goldcorp Inc. where,
and International Projects) for        strategic planning. Prior to retiring       in addition to leading the finance
Gold Fields Limited, where he was      from KPMG in 2012, Andrea was a             and investor relations operations,
responsible for global exploration     Perth-based partner within KPMG’s           he was responsible for Goldcorp’s
and project development.               Risk Consulting Services where she          corporate development and strategy
                                       serviced industries including mining,       culminating in the US$32 billion
Mr McKeith was also Chief Executive    mining services, transport, healthcare,     merger with Newmont Mining Corp.
Officer of Troy Resources Limited      insurance, property and government.
and has held Non-Executive Director                                                Mr Attew has extensive capital
roles at Sino Gold Limited, Avoca      Ms Hall is currently a Non-Executive        markets experience from his time in
Resources Limited and is currently     Director and Chair of the Audit and         investment banking with the BMO
the Non-Executive Chairman of          Risk Committee at ASX-listed Pioneer        Global Metals and Mining Group
Genesis Minerals Limited and Non-      Credit Limited. Andrea is also a            where he was at the forefront of
Executive Director at Arrow Minerals   Non-Executive Director of ASX listed        structuring and raising significant
Limited.                               Perenti Group and Chair of the Audit        growth capital as well as advising on
                                       and Risk Committee. Further, she is a       both formative and transformational
Mr McKeith is the Lead Independent     Non-Executive Director of Insurance         mergers and acquisitions for
Director effective 1 December 2018     Commission of Western Australia and         corporations that have become
and Chair of the Nomination and        the AFL Fremantle Football Club.            industry leaders over the past two
Remuneration Committee.                                                            decades and is also on the board
                                       Ms Hall is the Chair of the Audit
                                                                                   of The Food Stash Foundation, a
                                       Committee and Member of the Risk
                                                                                   Vancouver-based non-profit whose
                                       and Sustainability Committee.
                                                                                   mission is to create food & nutritional
                                                                                   security for local residents.

                                                                                   Mr Attew is a Member of both the
                                                                                   Audit Committee and the Nomination
                                                                                   and Remuneration Committee.




                                                                          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 127
FY21 Annual Report Board of Directors




Peter Smith                                   Victoria (Vicky) Binns
MBA, FAusIMM, GAICD                           BEng (Mining - Hons 1), FAusIMM,
                                              GAICD, Grad Dip SIA
Non-Executive Director
Mr Smith is a senior executive with           Non-Executive Director
over 43 years’ experience primarily           Ms Binns has over 35 years’ experience
in resources sector. He has worked            in the global resources and financial
in a range of sectors including gold,         services sectors including more
coal, metals and fertilizers. Peter has       than 10 years in executive leadership
held senior positions with Kestrel            roles at BHP and 15 years in financial
Coal Resources, Israel Chemical               services with Merrill Lynch Australia
Limited, Newcrest Mining, Lihir Gold,         and Macquarie Equities. During her
WMC Resources, Western Metals                 career at BHP, Ms Binns’ roles included
and Rio Tinto.                                Vice President Minerals Marketing,
Mr Smith was a former Non-                    leadership positions in the metals
Executive Director of NSW Minerals            and coal marketing business, Vice
Council and Evolution Mining,                 President of Market Analysis and
Commissioner of PT NHM Indonesia              Economics. She was also co-Founder
and Executive Director and Chairman           and Chair of Women in Mining and
of Western Metals Limited.                    Resources Sg (WIMAR Sg).

Mr Smith is a Member of the Risk and          Prior to joining BHP, Ms Binns held
Sustainability Committee.                     Board and senior management roles
                                              at Merrill Lynch Australia including
                                              Managing Director and Head of
                                              Australian Research, Head of Global
                                              Mining, Metals and Steel Research, and
                                              Head of Australian Mining Research.

                                              Ms Binns is currently a Non-Executive
                                              Director of ASX-listed companies
                                              Sims Limited and Cooper Energy,
                                              as well as the Not For Profit Carbon
                                              Market Institute, which assists
                                              industry in the transition to net zero
                                              emissions. Ms Binns is also a Member
                                              of the Advisory Council for JP Morgan
                                              in Australia and NZ.

                                              Ms Binns is a Member of the Audit
                                              Committee.




128 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
Annual
Financial
Report
FY21 Annual Report Contents




Contents
Directors’ Report                                                                131

Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                               171

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                   172

       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   172

       Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                173

       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               174

       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                      175

Directors’ Declaration                                                           216

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                     217

Shareholder Information                                                          223

Corporate Information                                                            226




130 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                           Directors' Report FY21 Annual Report


                                             APPENDIX 4E

Directors' Report            EVOLUTION MINING LIMITED ACN 084 669 036 AND
                               CONTROLLED ENTITIES ANNUAL FINANCIAL
                                                REPORT
                                    For the year ended 30 June 2021
Results for Announcement to the Market
Key Information

                                                                              30 June 2021        30 June 2020         Up / (down)            % Increase/
                                                                                      $'000               $'000               $'000            (decrease)

Revenues from contracts with customers                                            1,864,058          1,941,863              (77,805)                  (4)%

Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation & Amortisation (EBITDA)                 914,235          1,029,432            (115,197)                  (11)%

Statutory profit before income tax                                                  496,172            408,590              87,582                   21 %

Profit from ordinary activities after income tax attributable to the
                                                                                    345,262            301,552              43,710                   14 %
members


Dividend Information

                                                                                                                                         Franked
                                                                                                                            Amount per amount per
                                                                                                                                share      share
                                                                                                                                Cents      Cents

Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021
  Dividend to be paid on 28 September 2021                                                                                              5.0           5.0

Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021
  Dividend fully paid on 26 March 2021                                                                                                  7.0           7.0

Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2020
    Dividend fully paid on 22 September 2020                                                                                            9.0           9.0


 Net Tangible Assets

                                                                                                                       30 June 2021           30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $                      $
  Net tangible assets per share                                                                                                  1.51                  1.47


 Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                       30 June 2021           30 June 2020
                                                                                                                              Cents                  Cents
  Basic earnings per share                                                                                                     20.21                  17.71
  Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                   20.14                  17.62




Additional Appendix 4E disclosure requirements can be found in the notes to these financial statements and the Directors' Report attached thereto.
This report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 131
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021

Directors' Report
The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of the Evolution Mining Limited Group, consisting of Evolution Mining
Limited ("the Company") and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2021.

Directors

The Directors of the Group during the year ended 30 June 2021 and up to the date of this report are set out below. All Directors held their position as a
Director throughout the entire year and up to the date of this report unless otherwise stated.

Jacob (Jake) Klein             Executive Chairman
Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway       Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer
Thomas (Tommy) McKeith         Lead Independent Director
James (Jim) Askew              Non-Executive Director
Jason Attew                    Non-Executive Director
Andrea Hall                    Non-Executive Director
Victoria (Vicky) Binns         Non-Executive Director
Peter Smith                    Non-Executive Director

Company Secretary

Evan Elstein

Principal activities
The principal activities of the Group during the year were exploration, mine development, mine operations and the sale of gold and gold/copper
concentrate in Australia and Canada. There were no significant changes to these activities during the year.

Key highlights for the year

Key highlights for the year ended 30 June 2021 include:


     Sustainability

 •    The Group has always put environmental and social concerns at the forefront of our operations. We have now publicly committed to
      bolder, more tangible action as we align our business with the commitment to transition to “Net Zero” greenhouse gas emissions by 2050
      (scope 1 and 2) and a 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.

 •    The Group continues to be recognised for its Sustainability performance, receiving a sector leading rating of ‘AA’ in the MSCI ESG Ratings
      assessment.

 •    The COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact to operations with the Group operating under protocols developed to minimise
      risks to our people and communities and ensure we can safely produce gold during this challenging period. These plans include activation
      of our crisis management protocols, suspending international travel, restricting domestic travel, temporarily suspending activities across
      most of the Group’s Greenfields exploration projects, enacting strict social distancing protocols including reducing face-to-face
      interactions, increasing flexible working arrangements, ensuring best practice health management is maintained at all times and regular
      COVID-19 communication with the entire workforce.


 •    The Group's total recordable injury frequency (TRIF) was 9.6 as at 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: 6.8). Despite the increase in TRIF, the
      Group remains committed to continuing efforts to improve safety performance with a heavy focus on increased field leadership and high-
      quality safety interactions.

     Financials

 •    The Group achieved a record statutory net profit after tax of $345.3 million for the year, a 14.5% increase on the prior year (30 June 2020:
      $301.6 million).

 •    Basic earnings per share was also a record, which increased by 14.1% to 20.21 cents per share (30 June 2020: 17.71 cents)

 •    A record $273.4 million (30 June 2020: $221.4 million) in fully franked dividends was paid during the year, a 23.5% increase on the prior
      year.

 •    The Directors declared a final fully franked dividend of 5.0 cents per share, which is the 17th consecutive dividend (30 June 2020: 9.0
      cents). The aggregate amount of the final dividend to be paid on 28 September 2021 is estimated at $91.3 million following the completion
      of the Share Purchase Plan (SPP).

                                                                              1




132 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




  Directors' Report (continued)
 Evolution Mining Limited
 Directors' Report
 30 June 2021
 (continued)

 Key highlights for the year (continued)

   •   The Group's key results are as follows:

         ◦   Total gold production of 680,788oz at an AISC of $1,215/oz.

         ◦   Operating mine and net mine cash flow of $937.3 million and $554.9 million respectively.

   •   On 15 March 2021, the Group announced an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Battle North Gold at a price of C$2.65
       per common share in cash for a total consideration of approximately C$343.0 million. Battle North Gold's key asset is the Bateman mill
       which is located 10km from the Groups existing Red Lake operations in Ontario, Canada. The additional processing capacity from the new
       Bateman mill will accelerate the Groups ability to achieve in excess of 350,000 ounces of gold per annum from Red Lake. In addition the
       expansion of the Group's footprint in Ontario, Canada, will provide the Group with an opportunity to build on its track record as a safe and
       sustainable operator for the long term benefit of a broad range of stakeholders including the local workforce, regional communities and the
       Groups Wabauskang and Lac Seul First Nation Partners.

   •   The full Australian dollar currency exposure of the C$343.0 million purchase price for Battle North Gold, was hedged shortly after entering
       into the transaction resulting in a saving of $9.7 million versus the spot exchange rate at closing.

   •   Subsequent to the end of the period on 22 July 2021, The Group announced that it has entered into an agreement with Northern Star
       Resources Limited to acquire:
           ◦   100% interest in the Kundana Operations
           ◦   51% interest in the East Kundana Joint Venture (EKJV)
           ◦   100% interest in the certain tenements comprising the Carbine Project
           ◦   75% interest in the West Kundana Joint Venture (WKJV)

       The transaction completed on 18 August 2021 with the acquired operating assets all situated within 8km of the Group's Mungari
       Operations, which represent an important strategic opportunity for the Group to consolidate the region, optimise the value of its existing
       infrastructure and capture significant operational synergies. The Group has paid Northern Star $400.0 million in cash to acquire the assets,
       which was funded by a $400.0 million fully underwritten institutional placement and is accompanied by a non-underwritten share purchase
       plan.

   •   On 13 August 2021, the Group announced that it has successfully priced a maiden debt private placement in the United States on 12
       August 2021 totalling US$550 million. The Transaction is subject to standard closing conditions with proceeds expected to be drawn in
       November 2021.

Operations

   ▪   On 13 August 2020, the Group announced its first Mineral Resource estimate in accordance with the JORC Code for Red Lake of 48.1Mt
       grading 7.1g/t for 11.0 million ounces. This included 4.3 million ounces at an average grade of 10.5g/t gold in the Upper Campbell area.

   ▪   The Group acquired a 100% interest in the Crush Creek project located 30km south east of Mt Carlton. An initial ownership of 70% was
       achieved following sole funding $7.0 million of exploration expenditure and acquired the remaining 30% of the project for $4.5 million.
       Successful drilling programs at the BV7 and Delta areas have resulted in a maiden Mineral Resource estimate of 1.1 million tonnes
       grading 3.48 grams per tonne gold for 126,000 ounces, reinforcing our belief that mineralisation being delineated has the potential to
       extend mine life at Mt Carlton.

   ▪   A major milestone was achieved at Cowal with the Board's approval of the development of the Cowal Underground Mine, which provides a
       higher-grade ore source that will be blended with the current E42 open pit and stockpile ore. The development of the Cowal Underground
       Mine is part of the Group's goal of Cowal producing 350,000 ounces of low-cost gold a year and extend its mine life out beyond 17 years,
       while at the same time injecting significant economic benefit for all stakeholders. The planned capital investment is $380.0 million. The
       project is pending regulatory approval which is expected to be received in the September 2021 quarter.

   ▪   At Red Lake, the Board approved a clear and defined program that accelerates the restoration of Red Lake to a premier Canadian gold
       mine with the goal of producing 350,000 ounces of low-cost gold per year by FY26. This will also deliver significant benefit for all
       stakeholders of the Red Lake asset.




                                                                             2




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 133
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Operating and Financial Review

Evolution is a leading, low-cost Australian gold mining company. As at 30 June 2021, the Group consisted of five wholly-owned operating gold mines:
Cowal in New South Wales; Mt Carlton and Mt Rawdon in Queensland; Mungari in Western Australia; Red Lake in Ontario, Canada; and an economic
interest in the Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation (100% of gold and 30% of copper and silver) in Queensland.

The Group completed the acquisition of Battle North Gold on 19 May 2021 which will enable growth plans to be accelerated at the Red Lake operations.

Evolution’s vision is for inspired people to create a premier global gold company which will generate sustainable returns for our shareholders and deliver
benefits to all of our stakeholders. As a business, the Group is focused on prospering through the metal price cycle. Evolution believes that this can be
best achieved with a portfolio of six to eight assets generating superior returns with an average mine life reserve of at least ten years. To maintain this
long mine life, the Group require an active pipeline of quality exploration and development projects. The Group strives to build a reputation of
sustainability, reliability and transparency. Financial discipline must be core and embedded across the entire business. The Group remains open to all
quality gold, silver and copper-gold value accretive investments and recognise that divesting assets is an important component of our strategy. The
operating achievements during the past twelve months clearly reflect our discipline to staying true to our strategy.

Profit Overview

The Group achieved a record statutory net profit after tax of $345.3 million for the year ended 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: $301.6 million). The
underlying net profit after tax was $354.3 million for the year (30 June 2020: $405.4 million). The following graph reflects the movements in the Group's
profit after tax for the year ended 30 June 2021 from the year ended 30 June 2020.




Mine operating costs, excluding Red Lake (first full year of ownership) and Cracow (divested 1 July 2020), showed good cost control in the year with
increases in costs largely driven by increased activity across the sites. Price increases over the year were only approximately 1% the total operating cost
or $5.8 million. The price increases were mainly due to a 3.5% increase in labour and contractor rates combined with increased maintenance
consumables costs and water unit rates. Pleasingly, these costs increases were mostly offset by lower power costs linked to new contract rates, lower
diesel costs due to lower oil prices and lower grinding media costs due to the benefits of new contract rates. Higher activities across the operations
impacted operating costs by 3.5% or $26.6 million driven by the full year of underground operations at Mt Carlton, additional headcount at Cowal and
Mungari; and increased maintenance activities.

Red Lake operating costs were $197.2 million for the first full-year in comparison to $48.3 million incurred for the part-year of ownership in the year
ended 30 June 2020. On a pro-rata basis costs at Red Lake in the year ended 30 June 2021 remained in line with the prior year.

Inventory costs expensed were $44.9 million lower driven by increased value of stockpile inventories predominantly at Cowal. This was partially offset by
planned drawdown of stockpiles until access to Stage H ore is obtained in the first part of FY22.

Royalties were in line with prior year driven by higher achieved metal prices offset by lower metal quantities sold. By-product revenue was up 28% due to
higher metal prices.

The impairment in the year ended 30 June 2020 relates to the Mt Carlton asset impairment on a post-tax basis of $101.0 million ($144.3 million pre-tax)
due to the downgrade in the resource and reserve base.

Tax expense for the year ended 30 June 2021 is $43.9 million higher reflecting the higher profit achieved in the year.




                                                                             3




134 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Profit Overview (continued)

The table below shows the reconciliation between the Statutory and Underlying profit.

                                                                                                                       30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $000                $000
   Statutory profit before income tax                                                                                       496,172             408,590
   Gain on sale of subsidiary                                                                                                     —              (11,517)
   Transaction and integration costs                                                                                          15,058              35,052
   Impairment loss on assets                                                                                                      —              144,346
   Underlying profit before income tax                                                                                       511,230             576,471
   Income tax expense                                                                                                       (150,910)           (107,038)
   Tax benefit on sale of subsidiary                                                                                              —               (3,475)
   Tax effect of adjustments                                                                                                  (4,517)            (10,515)
   Tax effects of adjustments on impairment of assets                                                                             —              (43,304)
   Recognition of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                          (1,461)             (6,769)
   Underlying profit after income tax                                                                                        354,341             405,370

Cash Flow

Operating mine cash flow decreased by 16% totalling $937.3 million (30 June 2020: $1,121.4 million). Total capital investment was $379.8 million (30
June 2020: $371.0 million) which included $105.7 million (30 June 2020: $83.4 million) of sustaining capital investment and $274.1 million (30 June
2020: $287.6 million) of major capital investment.

Key Results

The consolidated operating and financial results for the current and prior year are summarised below. All $ figures refer to Australian thousand dollars
($'000) unless otherwise stated.
 Key Business Metrics
                                                                                                   30 June 2021        30 June 2020        % Change (ii)
  Total underground lateral development (m)                                                               25,254              20,857                21 %
  Total underground ore mined (kt)                                                                         7,874               8,210                (4)%
  Total open pit ore mined (kt)                                                                            8,815               9,726                (9)%
  Total open pit waste mined (kt)                                                                         31,235              30,614                 2%
  Processed tonnes (kt)                                                                                   22,116              22,230                (1)%
  Gold grade processed (g/t)                                                                                1.13                1.27               (11)%
  Gold production (oz)                                                                                   680,788             746,463                (9)%
  Silver production (oz)                                                                                 650,268             671,687                (3)%
  Copper production (t)                                                                                   21,361              22,471                (5)%
  Unit cash operating cost ($/oz) (i)                                                                        879                 761               (16)%
  All in sustaining cost ($/oz) (i)                                                                        1,215               1,043               (16)%
  All in cost ($/oz) (i)                                                                                   1,696               1,509               (12)%
  Gold price achieved ($/oz)                                                                               2,369               2,274                 4%
  Silver price achieved ($/oz)                                                                                34                  25                36 %
  Copper price achieved ($/t)                                                                             11,172               8,409                33 %
  Total Revenue                                                                                        1,864,058           1,941,863                (4)%
  Cost of sales (excluding D&A and fair value adjustments)                                              (904,728)           (852,937)               (6)%
  Corporate, admin, exploration and other costs (excluding D&A)                                          (33,797)            (59,494)               43 %
  EBIT (i)                                                                                               546,431             612,544               (11)%
  EBITDA (i)                                                                                             914,235           1,029,432               (11)%
  EBITDA (%) (i)                                                                                            49%                 53%                 (8)%
  Statutory profit/(loss) after income tax                                                               345,262             301,552                14 %
  Underlying profit after income tax                                                                     354,341             405,370               (13)%
  Operating mine cash flow                                                                               937,298           1,121,364               (16)%
  Capital investment                                                                                    (379,826)           (370,997)               (2)%
  Net mine cash flow                                                                                     554,855             735,976               (25)%

(i)        EBITDA, EBIT, Unit cash operating cost, All-in Sustaining Cost (AISC), and All-in Cost (AIC) are non-IFRS financial information and are not
           subject to audit. EBITDA is reconciled to statutory profit in note 1(c) to the financial statements.
(ii)       Percentage change represents positive/(negative) impact on the business.
(iii)      Ernest Henry mining and processing statistics are in 100% terms while costs represent the Group's cost and not solely the cost of Ernest
           Henry's operation.


                                                                             4




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 135
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations

Cowal

Cowal was the highest gold producer in the Group, achieving 210,847oz of gold at an AISC of $1,042/oz. Mining was completed to plan during the year
resulting in Cowal meeting its planned reduced gold production target. The decrease was mainly due to the planned transition from Stage G ore to Stage
H ore and some lower grade stockpiled material being processed while this transition occurred. In FY22 Stage H ore becomes the predominate ore feed
leading to a planned increase in production.

Mine operating cash flow for the year was $270.7 million. Net mine cash flow was $100.3 million post sustaining capital of $12.9 million and major capital
of $157.5 million.

As part of Cowal's plan to achieve a sustainable 350,000 ounce production profile from FY23, it is investing heavily now in order to reach this goal.
Capital investment during the year consisted of major project capital, which included the continuation of Stage H stripping, construction of the Integrated
Waste Landform (IWL) tailings facility and the Underground Feasibility Study.

The Board approved the accelerated development of the Galway decline in November 2020 and development of the decline commenced in late February
2021 and advanced 1,129 metres during the year. It is targeted to be completed in the December 2021 quarter.

A major milestone was achieved at Cowal with the Board's approval of the development of the Cowal Underground Mine, which provides a higher-grade
ore source that will be blended with the current E42 open pit and stockpile ore. The development of the Cowal Underground Mine is part of the Group's
goal of Cowal producing 350,000 ounces of low-cost gold a year and extend its mine life out beyond 17 years, while at the same time injecting significant
economic benefit for all stakeholders. The planned capital investment is $380.0 million. The project is pending regulatory approval which is expected to
be received in the September 2021 quarter.




                                                995                        993                        1,042




                                                251                        262                        211

                                               FY19                      FY20                         FY21




                                                    Gold Production ('000 oz)               AISC (A$/oz)




Key Business Metrics
                                                                                     30 June 2021             30 June 2020                 Change

Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                               270,689                 416,828                 (146,139)
Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                                (12,876)                (11,919)                    (957)
Major capital ($'000)                                                                     (157,546)               (169,313)                 11,767
Total capital ($'000)                                                                     (170,422)               (181,232)                 10,810
Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                                 100,267                 235,596                (135,329)
Gold production (oz)                                                                       210,847                 262,035                 (51,188)
All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                                1,042                     933                    (109)
All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                           1,855                   1,715                     (140)




                                                                            5




136 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Ernest Henry

Ernest Henry had an outstanding year with records being delivered on multiple fronts. Gold production was 92,397oz at a record low AISC of negative
$(876)/oz after taking into account copper and silver by-product credits which also hit a record of $(2,866)/oz. The record AISC result for Ernest Henry
was primarily driven by gold production being delivered to plan combined with record high achieved copper price of $11,198/t for 19,196 tonnes of
copper sold.

Operating mine cash flow for the year was also a record at $323.2 million as was the net mine cash flow of $309.0 million, post sustaining capital of
$14.2 million.

Ore mined was 6.5 million tonnes at an average grade of 0.58g/t gold and 1.07% copper. Underground development was 8,612m. Ore processed was
6.5 million tonnes at an average grade of 0.47g/t gold and 1.07% copper. Gold recovery and copper recovery of 79.8% and 95.0% respectively were
achieved for the year.

The drilling program for extensions below the 1200RL and the Concept Study were successfully completed with plans to seek approval to a Pre-
Feasibility Study (PFS) in the December 2021 half-year.




                                               99                         95                        92
                                               FY19                     FY20                       FY21
                                                                        (432)
                                              (539)



                                                                                                   (876)




                                                 Gold Production ('000 oz)                AISC (A$/oz)




 Key Business Metrics
                                                                                     30 June 2021            30 June 2020                      Change

 Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                               323,203                 267,817                      55,386
 Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                                (14,221)                (11,198)                     (3,023)
 Major capital ($'000)                                                                          —                       —                           —
 Total capital ($'000)                                                                     (14,221)                (11,198)                     (3,023)
 Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                                308,982                 256,619                      52,363
 Gold production (oz)                                                                       92,397                  94,902                      (2,505)
 Copper production (t)                                                                      17,592                  20,688                      (3,096)
 All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                                (876)                   (432)                       (444)
 All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                           (876)                   (432)                       (444)


(i)       Ernest Henry mining and processing statistics are in 100% terms while costs represent the Group's cost and not solely the cost of Ernest
          Henry's operation.




                                                                           6




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 137
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations (continued)
Red Lake

In Red Lake's first full year under the Group's ownership it produced 126,339oz of gold at an AISC of $2,044/oz. The initial three-year transformation
program at Red Lake announced at acquisition is well underway to restore the operation’s production to above 200,000 ounces per annum at an AISC of
less than US$1,000 per ounce.

Further to this, on 20 May 2021 the Group announced the completion of the Battle North Gold acquisition which will enable growth plans to be
accelerated at the Red Lake Operation in Canada by providing further milling capacity. The acquisition supports the Board approved program that
accelerates the restoration of Red Lake to a premier Canadian gold mine with the goal of producing 350,000 ounces of low-cost gold per year by FY26.
This will also deliver significant benefit for all stakeholders of the Red Lake asset.

Mine operating cash flow for the full-year was $90.3 million while net mine cash flow was negative $(5.6) million in line with supporting the sites growth
plans and investment in new gear and equipment, sustaining capital was $46.8 million and major capital was $46.3 million.

Ore mined was 0.7 million tonnes at an average grade of 6.22g/t gold for the year. Ore processed was 678 thousand tonnes at 6.10g/t gold with the
Campbell mill achieving recoveries of 92.2% for the year.

Construction of the CYD (Campbell Young Dickinson) Decline box cut is progressing well with first development to commence in the September 2021
quarter. This decline will provide independent access to the Upper Campbell and HG Young ore bodies where 4.8 million ounces of Red Lake’s 11 million
ounce Mineral Resource estimate is situated.




                                                                         1,943                     2,044




                                                                           27                        126

                                               FY19                      FY20                      FY21

                                                  Gold Production ('000 oz)                AISC (A$/oz)



  Key Business Metrics
                                                                                       30 June 2021           30 June 2020                    Change

   Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                                90,256                  30,782                    59,474
   Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                                (46,773)                (6,598)                   (40,175)
   Major capital ($'000)                                                                     (46,265)               (14,274)                   (31,991)
   Total capital ($'000)                                                                     (93,037)               (20,873)                   (72,164)
   Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                                 (5,628)                (2,920)                    (2,708)
   Gold production (oz)                                                                      126,339                  27,428                    98,911
   All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                               2,044                   1,943                      (101)
   All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                          2,517                   2,378                      (139)




                                                                            7




138 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations (continued)
Mungari

Mungari produced another solid contribution to the Group's gold production result, with production of 115,829oz of gold at an average AISC of $1,453/oz.
Mungari's production was lower than the prior year as more material was processed from the lower grade open pits than from the higher grade
underground mine in line with the mining sequence.

Mine operating cash flow was a strong result at $146.2 million and net mine cash flow was $73.2 million for the full year.

Capital investment in the year was $73.0 million consisting mainly of underground development drilling, the Tailings Storage Facility expansion and
Cutters Ridge mine development.

A key highlight at Mungari has been the performance of the processing plant, which continued to perform strongly, capitalising on improved operational
and maintenance initiatives. During the year, Mungari achieved throughput of over 2.0 million tonnes of ore at an average grade of 1.97g/t gold with gold
recoveries of 91.3%. The plant throughput achieved the year ended 30 June 2021 target and was significantly above the plant's nameplate capacity of
1.6 million tonnes per year.

Underground ore mined was 0.5 million tonnes at 3.14g/t gold. Total underground development was 2,726m. Open pit total material mined was 7,891
thousand tonnes. Open pit ore mined was 1.3 million tonnes at a grade of 1.24g/t gold. Total material movement continues to increase as productivity
rates improve.




                                                                                                     1,453
                                               1,320
                                                                          1,215




                                                 121                       133                        116

                                               FY19                       FY20                       FY21

                                                  Gold Production ('000 oz)                  AISC (A$/oz)




Key Business Metrics
                                                                                    30 June 2021             30 June 2020                 Change

Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                               146,197                 139,363                    6,834
Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                                (20,526)                (12,478)                  (8,048)
Major capital ($'000)                                                                     (52,481)                (14,189)                 (38,292)
Total capital ($'000)                                                                     (73,007)                (26,667)                 (46,340)
Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                                 73,191                 112,696                  (39,505)
Gold production (oz)                                                                      115,829                 133,388                  (17,559)
All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                               1,453                   1,215                     (238)
All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                          1,988                   1,447                     (541)




                                                                             8




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 139
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Mt Rawdon

Mt Rawdon celebrated 20 years of continuous operations on 16 February 2021. A significant milestone of 365 days without a recordable injury was also
achieved on 25 February 2021 and the operation achieved over 15 months without a recordable injury until May 2021.

Mt Rawdon produced 77,005oz of gold at an AISC of $1,513/oz for the full year. The production result was in line with expectations and the prior year
due to stable delivery of ore to the processing plant.

Mine operating cash flow was $81.3 million and net mine cash flow of $58.4 million was achieved for the year post sustaining capital of $9.3 million,
major capital of $12.7 million and restructuring costs of $0.8 million. Capital investment for the year focused on the construction of the Tailings Storage
Facility buttress, tailings storage facility lift and north wall meshing in order to support the ongoing mining operations.

A focus on improving the reliability of the mill resulted in total throughput of 3.4 million tonnes for the full year which was a significant improvement on the
3.3 million tonnes processed in the prior year and was the highest throughput achieved since FY16.




                                                                            1,546                        1,513
                                                 1,233




                                                   95                         82                          77

                                                 FY19                       FY20                         FY21

                                                    Gold Production ('000 oz)                  AISC (A$/oz)




 Key Business Metrics
                                                                                         30 June 2021            30 June 2020                        Change

 Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                                    81,253                   81,034                           219
 Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                                     (9,307)                  (9,963)                          656
 Major capital ($'000)                                                                         (12,713)                 (12,086)                         (627)
 Total capital ($'000)                                                                         (22,021)                 (22,049)                           28
 Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                                     58,446                   58,985                          (539)
 Gold production (oz)                                                                           77,005                   82,004                        (4,999)
 All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                                   1,513                    1,546                            33
 All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                              1,679                    1,694                            15




                                                                               9




140 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Mining Operations (continued)

Mt Carlton

Mt Carlton produced a total of 58,371oz at an AISC of $1,937/oz. The result was ahead of plan for Mt Carlton, with the reliable performance a result of
consistent feed grade to the mill.

Mine operating cash flow was $25.7 million and net mine cash flow was $19.6 million, which was a strong turnaround from the prior year due to improved
operational performance.

Underground mining during the year was concentrated on gaining access to ore in the Western Feeder Zone while V2 open pit ore was extracted from
Stage 4C following the work in the prior period on the Stage 4C cutback. Adjacent to the V2 open pit, underground development of the decline into the
high grade silver A39 deposit continued during the year, with production from A39 scheduled to commence in the December 2021 quarter.

At Crush Creek, successful drilling programs at the BV7 and Delta areas have resulted in a maiden Mineral Resource estimate of 1.1 million tonnes
grading 3.48 grams per tonne gold for 126,000 ounces, reinforcing our belief that mineralisation being delineated has the potential to extend mine life at
Mt Carlton.




                                                                                                    1,937

                                                                         1,453


                                                738



                                                107                        59                        58

                                               FY19                      FY20                       FY21

                                                  Gold Production ('000 oz)                AISC (A$/oz)




       Key Business Metrics
                                                                                   30 June 2021             30 June 2020                  Change

       Operating cash flow ($'000)                                                        25,698                   71,223                 (45,525)
       Sustaining capital ($'000)                                                           (965)                 (16,103)                 15,138
       Major capital ($'000)                                                              (5,136)                 (65,380)                 60,244
       Total capital ($'000)                                                              (6,102)                 (81,483)                 75,381
       Net mine cash flow ($'000)                                                         19,597                  (10,260)                 29,857
       Gold production (oz)                                                               58,371                   58,962                    (591)
       All-in Sustaining Cost ($/oz)                                                        1,937                   1,453                    (484)
       All-in Cost ($/oz)                                                                   2,105                   2,519                     414




                                                                           10




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 141
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Financial Performance

Profit or Loss

Revenue for the year ended 30 June 2021 decreased by 4% to $1,864.1 million (30 June 2020: $1,941.9 million). The higher achieved gold price of
$2,369/oz was partially offset by a decrease in produced ounces for the year to 680,788 oz (30 June 2020: 746,463oz). Revenue comprised of $1,605.0
million of gold, $236.9 million of copper and $22.1 million of silver revenue (30 June 2020: $1,738.1 million of gold, $187.9 million of copper and $15.8
million of silver revenue).

Total gold sold equalled 677,150oz which included deliveries into the Australian gold delivery commitments of 100,000oz at an average price of $1,829/
oz (30 June 2020: 100,000 oz, $1,734/oz) and Canadian hedge book of 40,000oz at an average price of C$2,272/oz. The remaining 537,150oz were
sold in the spot market comprising 456,001oz delivered at an average price of $2,474/oz and 81,169oz delivered at an average price of C$2,361/oz
(30 June 2020: 664,655 oz, $2,320/oz). At 30 June 2021 the Group's gold delivery commitments totalled 200,000 ounces at a price of $1,892/oz for the
Australian operations and 80,000 ounces at C$2,272/oz for Red Lake with quarterly deliveries through to June 2023.

Copper revenue achieved a 26.1% increase from the prior year to $236.9 million (30 June 2020: $187.9 million), driven by a 32.9% increase in copper
price of $11,172/t partially offset by a 4.9% decrease in production to 21,361 tonnes.

The Group achieved a record statutory net profit after tax of $345.3 million for the year ended 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: $301.6 million). The Group
also achieved an underlying net profit after tax of $354.3 million for the year (30 June 2020: $405.4million).

Balance Sheet

Total assets increased 4.7% during the year to $3,957.0 million (30 June 2020: $3,778.0 million restated). Cash and cash equivalents decreased by
$212.5 million driven by a number of factors which include 87.5koz lower ounces sold, higher dividends paid $273.4m (30 June 2020 $221.4m), and
funding for the Battle North Gold acquisition.

The net carrying amount of property, plant and equipment increased by $306.9 million primarily driven by the initial recognition in the accounts of the
Battle North Gold acquisition. Mine development and exploration increased by $86.1 million which was due to additions at Cowal and Red Lake offset by
depreciation. The increase of $80.8 million in deferred tax assets was primarily a result of the initial recognition of Battle North Gold tax losses acquired
as part of the acquisition which are expected to be available for utilisation in the future at Red Lake.

Total liabilities for the Group increased to $1,422.1 million at 30 June 2021, an increase of $107.5 million, or 8.2% on the prior period. The key drivers
consist of $63.2 million increase in rehabilitation provision from Ernest Henry and Battle North Gold initial recognition, and $39.8 million increase in
interest bearing liabilities net of capitalised borrowing costs.

Cash Flow

Total cash outflows for the year amounted to $211.9 million outflow (30 June 2020: $37.3 million inflow).


                                                                                             30 June 2021       30 June 2020            Change
                                                                                                    $'000              $'000              $'000

         Cash flows from operating activities                                                      757,008          1,005,324          (248,316)
         Cash flows from investing activities                                                     (724,115)        (1,003,977)          279,862
         Cash flows from financing activities                                                     (244,787)            35,906          (280,693)
         Net movement in cash                                                                     (211,894)            37,253          (249,147)
         Cash at the beginning of the year                                                         372,592           335,164             37,428
         Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                (636)              175               (811)
         Cash at the end of the year                                                               160,062           372,592           (212,530)




                                                                             11




142 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Financial Performance (continued)

Cash Flow (continued)

Net cash outflows from investment activities were $724.1 million, a decrease of $279.9 million from the prior period (30 June 2020: $1,004.0 million
outflow). Major items contributing to the change in outflow was the acquisition of Battle North Gold for for $355.8 million while in the prior year Red Lake
was acquired for $583.6 million. The current year outflows was partially offset by the cash received from the disposal of Cracow for $57.0 million.

Net cash outflows from financing activities were $244.8 million, an increase of $280.7 million (30 June 2020: $35.9 million inflow). Financing cash flows
for the year included the drawdown of $145.0 million from Revolver Facility (“Facility A”) and repayment of $95.0 million on the Term Loan Facility
(”Facility B”). Dividends paid during the year totalled $273.4 million which was 23.5% higher than prior year (30 June 2021: $221.4 million).

Taxation

During the year, the Group made income tax payments of $96.7 million and recognised an income tax expense of $150.9 million (30 June 2020: $107.0
million).

The tax payments made in respect of the 30 June 2020 financial year combined with tax instalments paid over the course of the 30 June 2021 financial
year have enabled the declaration of fully franked interim and final dividends.

Capital Investment

Capital investment for the year totalled $379.8 million (30 June 2020: $371.0 million). This consisted of sustaining capital, including near mine exploration
and resource definition of $105.7 million (30 June 2020: $83.4 million) and mine development of $274.1 million (30 June 2020: $287.6 million). The main
capital projects included the Cowal Stage H development, Integrated Waste Landform (IWL) tailings facility and Underground Feasibility Study and
drilling, underground mine development and discovery drilling at Red Lake, Cutters Ridge mine development and underground development drilling at
Mungari, Open pit mine development, tails storage buttressing project and fixed plant maintenance at Mt Rawdon.

Financing

Total finance costs for the year were $21.1 million (30 June 2020: $21.3 million). Included in total finance costs are interest expenses of $17.4 million
(30 June 2020: $11.6 million), amortisation of debt establishment costs of $2.2 million (30 June 2020: $6.7 million), discount unwinding on mine
rehabilitation liabilities of $0.4 million (30 June 2020: $1.8 million) and interest expense on lease liability unwinding of $1.2 million (30 June 2020: $1.1
million).

The decrease in interest expense in the year is offset by the increase in the amortisation of debt establishment costs attributable to the remaining
capitalised costs associated with the Senior Secured Term Loan (“Former Facility D”) which was fully repaid during the year. The repayment periods and
the outstanding balances as at 30 June 2021 on each facility are set out below:


Facility Name                                                                Term Date       Facility Size     Amount Drawn         Available Amount
                                                                                                       $m                $m                      $m
Revolving Credit Facility – Facility A - $m                                31 Mar 2023             $360.0                $145.0                 $215.0
Term Loan – Facility B - $m                                                15 Jan 2025             $570.0                $570.0                   $0.0
Term Loan – Facility E - $m                                                15 Apr 2026             $440.0                  $0.0                 $440.0
Performance Bond – Facility C $m                                           31 Mar 2023             $175.0                $151.8                  $23.2
Performance Bond – Facility D C$m                                          31 Mar 2023             $125.0                 $66.2                  $58.8
Guarantee Facility - $m                                                    30 Oct 2021              $55.0                 $55.0                   $0.0


Material business risks

The Group prepares its business plans using estimates of production and financial performance based on a range of assumptions and forecasts. There
is uncertainty in these assumptions and forecasts, and risk that variation from them could result in actual performance being different to expected
outcomes. The uncertainties arise from a range of factors, including the nature of the mining industry and general economic factors. The material
business risks faced by the Group that may have an impact on the operating and financial prospects of the Group as at 30 June 2021 are:




                                                                             12




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 143
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Material business risks (continued)

COVID-19

The Group continues to actively respond to the ongoing COVID-19 virus currently impacting people and businesses globally. The health and safety of
every person working at Evolution, their families and our communities remains paramount during this time.

A Group Recovery Plan along with documented site and Group risk assessments are in place and endorsed by the Crisis Management Team, with
authority from the Leadership Team. These plans and assessments remain dynamic and are reviewed and updated frequently based on government
data and as local situations change. We continue to monitor, assess, and respond to these ongoing changes to risk. To date there has been no material
impact on Evolution’s operations from the COVID-19 virus.

In addition, the Group has taken a position to strongly support and encourage all staff to be vaccinated to reduce the risk factors with COVID-19. This
has been formalised in a guideline which outlines provisions to enable staff to attend vaccination appointments during work hours as well as to support
those who may encounter side effects following vaccination. Externally facilitated information and awareness sessions have been held and continue to
be offered to provide appropriate qualified information to our teams on the risks and benefits of vaccination.

The Group is operating under protocols developed to minimise risks to our people and communities and ensure we can safely produce gold during this
challenging period. These plans include activation of our crisis management protocols, suspending international travel, restricting domestic travel,
suspending activities across most of the Company’s Greenfields exploration projects, enacting strict social distancing protocols including reducing face-
to-face interactions, increasing flexible working arrangements, ensuring best practice health management is maintained at all times and regular
COVID-19 communication with the entire workforce.

To mitigate the mental and physical health impacts that lockdowns and periods of isolation may cause, communication lines have been emphasised
across the business as well as the Employee Assistance Program. Our sites have also deployed technologies to enable risk mitigation and tracing, such
as contact tracing cards at Cowal, QR codes in the Sydney Office, and strengthened site access protocols at each site.

Additional site-specific health and safety initiatives which has been utilised at various stages during the pandemic by our operations include:

     •    Extending rosters to reduce movement of people.
     •    Relocation of interstate employees.
     •    Introducing flexible working arrangements with people working from home where possible.
     •    Hiring additional vehicles and charter flights to ensure social distancing is maintained while travelling to site and during site activities.
     •    Floor markings 1.5 metres apart in pre-start areas to ensure social distancing.
     •    Reduced number of contractors permitted on site to perform mill shutdowns and extending shutdowns to perform tasks in compliance with
          required protocols.
     •    Introducing occupancy limits in offices and meeting rooms.
     •    Additional paramedics hired for the duration of the pandemic to ensure at least two paramedics are on site per roster.
     •    Daily temperature testing and screening of all personnel on site, and
     •    Daily COVID-19 briefings to employees.

Support for Community groups and employees remains ongoing. Evolution has additionally provided donations to our local communities impacted by the
pandemic – since the start of the pandemic, over $2.5 million has been donated to provide direct and indirect support to our communities.

Fluctuations in the gold price and Australian dollar

The Group’s revenues are exposed to fluctuations in the gold, silver and copper prices and the Australian dollar. Volatility in the gold, silver and copper
prices and Australian dollar creates revenue uncertainty and requires careful management of business performance to ensure that operating cash
margins are maintained should the Australian dollar price fall.

Declining gold, silver and copper prices can also impact operations by requiring a reassessment of the feasibility of a particular exploration or
development project. Even if a project is ultimately determined to be economically viable, the need to conduct such a reassessment could cause
substantial delays and/or may interrupt operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves

The Group’s Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are estimates, and no assurance can be given that the estimated reserves and resources are
accurate or that the indicated level of gold, silver, copper or any other mineral will be produced. Such estimates are, in large part, based on
interpretations of geological data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques.

Actual mineralisation or geological conditions may be different from those predicted. No assurance can be given that any part or all of the Group’s
Mineral Resources constitute or will be converted into Ore Reserves.




                                                                               13




144 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Material business risks (continued)

Market price fluctuations of gold, silver and copper as well as increased production and capital costs may render the Group’s Ore Reserves unprofitable
to develop at a particular site or sites for periods of time or may render Ore Reserves containing relatively lower grade mineralisation uneconomic.
Estimated reserves may have to be re-estimated based on actual production experience. Any of these factors may require the Group to reduce its
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, which could have a negative impact on the Group’s financial results.


Replacement of depleted Ore Reserves

The Group must continually replace Ore Reserves depleted by production to maintain production levels over the long term. Ore Reserves can be
replaced by expanding known ore bodies, locating new deposits or making acquisitions. Exploration is highly speculative in nature. The Group’s
exploration projects involve many risks and are frequently unsuccessful. Once a site with mineralisation is discovered, it may take several years from the
initial phases of drilling until production is possible.

As a result, there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. There is a risk that depletion of Ore Reserves will not be
offset by discoveries or acquisitions or that divestitures of assets will lead to a lower Ore Reserve base. The Mineral Resource base of the Group may
decline if Ore Reserves are mined without adequate replacement and the Group may not be able to sustain production beyond the current mine lives,
based on current production rates.

Mining risks and insurance risks

The mining industry is subject to significant risks and hazards, including environmental hazards, industrial accidents, unusual or unexpected geological
conditions, unavailability of materials and equipment, pit wall failures, rock bursts, seismic events, cave-ins, and weather conditions (including flooding
and bush fires), most of which are beyond the Group’s control. These risks and hazards could result in significant costs or delays that could have a
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial performance, liquidity and results of operation.

The Group maintains insurance to cover the most common of these risks and hazards. The insurance is maintained in amounts that are considered
reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding each identified risk. However, property, liability and other insurance may not provide sufficient
coverage for losses related to these or other risks or hazards.

Production and cost estimates

The Group prepares estimates of future production, cash costs and capital costs of production for its operations. No assurance can be given that such
estimates will be achieved. Failure to achieve production or cost estimates or material increases in costs could have an adverse impact on the Group’s
future cash flows, profitability, results of operations and financial condition.

The Group’s actual production and costs may vary from estimates for a variety of reasons, including: actual ore mined varying from estimates of grade,
tonnage, dilution and metallurgical and other characteristics; short-term operating factors relating to the Ore Reserves, such as the need for sequential
development of ore bodies and the processing of new or different ore grades; revisions to mine plans; risks and hazards associated with mining; natural
phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, water availability and floods; and unexpected labour shortages or strikes.

Costs of production may also be affected by a variety of factors including: changing waste-to-ore ratios, ore grade metallurgy, labour costs, cost of
commodities, general inflationary pressures and currency exchange rates.


Environmental, health and safety, and permits

The Group’s mining and processing operations and exploration activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the protection and
management of the environment, water management, waste disposal, worker health and safety, mine development and rehabilitation and the protection
of endangered and other special status species. The Group’s ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate may be adversely
impacted by real or perceived detrimental events associated with the Group’s activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment,
human health and safety of the surrounding communities. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals may adversely affect
the Group’s operations, including its ability to continue operations.

The Group has implemented extensive health, safety and community initiatives at its sites to manage the health and safety of its employees, contractors
and members of the community. While these control measures are in place there is no guarantee that these will eliminate the occurrence of incidents
which may result in personal injury or damage to property. In certain instances such occurrences could give rise to regulatory fines and/or civil liability.




                                                                             14




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 145
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Material business risks (continued)

Climate Change

The Group acknowledges that climate change is occurring, and its effects have the potential to impact our business and communities. The most
significant climate related risks include the following: reduced water availability; extreme weather or health events; emissions and waste, changes to
legislation and regulation; reputational risk; technological and market changes; and shareholder activism.

The Group is committed to understanding and proactively managing the impact of climate related risks to our business and our environment. This
includes integrating financial, physical, regulatory, reputational, market, and climate related risks, as well as energy considerations, into our Life of Mine
strategic planning and decision making. The Group works to build the resilience of our assets, our communities and our environment to climate related
impacts. To do this, we work in partnership with a broad range of stakeholders including representative bodies of the communities in which we operate,
industry, government, investors and non-governmental organisations to share learnings and identify approaches to addressing climate related risks and
opportunities.

The Group transparently reports our emissions and energy consumption performance. Each year, annual reports are externally audited and submitted to
the Australia’s National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) and the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act) to estimate greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions and energy use at our Australian operations. We also run the equivalent reporting (National Pollutant Release Inventory) for our
Canadian Operations.

The Group publishes an annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative and the recommendations of the Taskforce on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) that details activities in relation to the management of key risks including environmental and climate risks.

Community relations

The Group has an established community relations function, both at a Group level and at each of its operations. The Group function has developed a
community engagement framework, including a set of principles, policies and procedures designed to provide a structured and consistent approach to
community activities across our sites whilst recognising that fundamentally.

Community relations is about people connecting with people. Maintaining trusted relationships with our local community stakeholders throughout the
entire mining cycles is an essential part of securing and maintain our social licence to operate, including with our First Nation People’s communities. The
Group recognises that a failure to appropriately manage local community stakeholder expectations may lead to dissatisfaction which has the potential to
disrupt production and exploration activities.


Risk management

The Group manages the risks listed above, and other day-to-day risks through an established management framework which conforms to Australian and
international standards and guidance. The Group’s risk reporting and control mechanisms are designed to ensure strategic, operational, legal, financial,
reputational and other risks are identified, assessed and appropriately managed. These are reviewed by the Board Sustainability and Risk Committee,
supported by Management review throughout the year.

The financial reporting and control mechanisms are reviewed during the year by management, the internal audit process, the Audit Committee and the
external auditors.

The Group has policies in place to manage risk in the areas of Health, Safety, Environment, Cultural Heritage and Equal Employment Opportunity.

The site Leadership Teams, the Executive Leadership Team, the Sustainability and Risk Committee and the Board regularly review the risk portfolio of
the business and the effectiveness of the Group’s management of those risks.

Dividends

The Company's dividend policy is, whenever possible, to pay a dividend based on group cash flow generated during a year. The Group's free cash flow
is defined as cash flow before debt and dividends and mergers and acquisitions.The Directors assess the group cash flow and outlook for the business
with the intention to return excess cash to shareholders and targeting a level around 50% of group cash flow.

The Board has confirmed that the Group is in a sound position to meet its commitment under the new policy to pay a final fully franked dividend for the
current period of 5.0 cents per share. The aggregate amount of the final dividend to be paid on 28 September 2021 is estimated at $91.3 million following
the completion of the Share Purchase Plan (SPP). Evolution Mining Limited shares will trade excluding entitlement to the dividend on 30 August 2021,
with the record date being 31 August 2021 and payment date of 28 September 2021.

The Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRP") remains suspended.

Significant changes in the state of affairs

There were no significant changes in the nature of the activities of the Group during the period, other than those included in the Key Highlights.

Further information on likely developments in the operations of the Group and the expected results of operations have not been included in this Annual
Financial Report because the Directors believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.



                                                                             15




146 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                      Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Events occurring after the reporting period

Refer to Note 24 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of events occurring after the reporting period.

Environmental regulation and performance

The Executive Chairman reports to the Board on all significant safety and environmental incidents. The Board also has a Risk and Sustainability
Committee which has oversight of the sustainability performance of the Group and meets at least three times per year. The Directors are not aware of
any environmental incidents occurring during the year ended 30 June 2021 which would have a materially adverse impact on the overall business of the
Group.

The operations of the Group are subject to environmental regulation under the jurisdiction of the countries in which those operations are conducted
namely in Australia and as of 1 April, 2020 in Canada. Each mining operation is subject to environmental regulation specific to their environmentally
relevant activities as part of their operating licence, permit and/or, approvals. Each of our sites are required to also manage their environmental
obligations in accordance with our corporate governance.

The environmental laws and regulations that cover each of our sites, combined with our policies and standards, address the potential impact of the
Group's activities in relation to water and air quality, noise, land, waste, tailings management, and the potential impact upon sensitive receptors and flora
and fauna.

The Group has a uniform internal reporting system across all sites. All environmental incidents, including breaches of any regulation or law are assessed
according to their actual or potential environmental consequence. Given levels of environmental incidents are tracked based on factors such as spill
volume, incident location (onsite or offsite) potential or actual environmental impacts and legal obligation. These levels include: I (insignificant), II (minor),
III (moderate), IV (major), V (catastrophic).

Across the Group's five mining sites, excluding government reporting for vehicular and non-vehicular native fauna deaths and events reported in previous
years which remain under investigation, the Level III reports for the past five years have been:

                                                                         FY21                FY20                 FY19                 FY18                 FY17
  Number of Level III incidents                                              4                    8                    9                    7                    9

Incidents were notified to the relevant government authority and the relevant agreed action was taken. There have been no Level IV or V incidents.

Of the four events reported to the regulatory authorities in the current year none were classified as having actual Level III consequence with regard for
environmental impact and there were no further enforcement action by regulatory authorities in relation to the reports.




                                                                                 16




                                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 147
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Information on Directors

The following information is current as at the date of this report. Please refer to the Remuneration Report section (g) for details of shareholdings, options
and rights.


Jacob (Jake) Klein, BCom Hons, ACA, Executive Chairman
Mr Klein was appointed as Executive Chairman in October 2011, following the merger of Conquest Mining Limited and Catalpa Resources Limited.
Previously he served as the Executive Chairman of Conquest Mining.

Prior to that, Mr Klein was President and CEO of Sino Gold Mining Limited, where he managed the development of that company into the largest
foreign participant in the Chinese gold industry. Sino Gold was listed on the ASX in 2002 with a market capitalisation of $100 million and was
purchased by Eldorado Gold Corporation in late 2009 for over $2 billion. It became an ASX/S&P 100 Company, operating two award-winning gold
mines and engaging over 2,000 employees and contractors in China. Prior to joining Sino Gold (and its predecessor) in 1995, Mr Klein was
employed at Macquarie Bank and PwC.



Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway B Bus, CPA, GAICD, Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer
Mr Conway was appointed Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Group with effect from 1 August 2014 (previously a Non-Executive
Director).

Mr Conway has more than 30 years’ experience in the resources sector across a diverse range of commercial, financial and operational activities.
He has held a mix of corporate, operational and commercial roles within Australia, Papua New Guinea and Chile with Newcrest and prior to that with
BHP Billiton. He most recently held the position of Executive General Manager - Commercial and West Africa with Newcrest Mining where he was
responsible for Newcrest's group Supply and Logistics, Marketing, Information Technology and Laboratory functions as well as Newcrest's business
in West Africa.

Mr Conway is a Non-Executive Director of Aurelia Metals Ltd (appointed in June 2017).



James (Jim) Askew, BEng (Mining), MEngSc, FAusIMM, MSME (AIME), Non-Executive Director
Mr Askew is a mining engineer with more than 40 years’ broad international experience as a Director and Chief Executive Officer for a wide range of
Australian and international publicly listed mining, mining finance and other mining related companies.

Mr Askew has served on the boards of numerous mining and mining services companies, which currently includes Syrah Resources Limited
(Chairman since October 2014), a company with operations in Mozambique and in the USA and Endeavour Mining Corporation, a company with
operations in Cote d’Ivoire, Senegal and Burkina Faso (Non-Executive Director since July 2017).

Within the last 3 years Mr Askew has been a Non-Executive Director of Oceana Gold.

Mr Askew is Chair of the Risk and Sustainability Committee and Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.



Thomas (Tommy) McKeith, BSc (Hons), GradDip Eng (Mining), MBA, Non-Executive Director
Mr McKeith is a geologist with over 30 years’ experience in various mine geology, exploration, business development and executive leadership roles.
He was formerly Executive Vice President (Growth and International Projects) for Gold Fields Limited, where he was responsible for global exploration
and project development.

Mr McKeith was also Chief Executive Officer of Troy Resources Limited and has held Non-Executive Director roles at Sino Gold Limited, Avoca
Resources Limited and is currently the Non-Executive Chairman of Prodigy Gold NL and Genesis Minerals Limited and Non-Executive Director at
Arrow Minerals Limited.

Mr McKeith is the Lead Independent Director effective 1 December 2018 and Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.




                                                                             17




148 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Information on Directors (continued)


Andrea Hall, BCom, FCA, M. App Fin, GAICD, Non-Executive Director
Ms Hall is a Chartered Accountant with more than 30 years’ experience in the financial services industry in roles involved in internal audit, risk
management, corporate and operational governance, external audit, financial management and strategic planning. Prior to retiring from KPMG in
2012, Andrea was a Perth-based partner within KPMG’s Risk Consulting Services where she serviced industries including mining, mining
services, transport, healthcare, insurance, property and government.

Ms Hall is currently a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee at ASX-listed Pioneer Credit Limited. Andrea is also a
Non-Executive Director of ASX listed Perenti Group and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. Further, she is a Non-Executive Director of
Insurance Commission of Western Australia and the AFL Fremantle Football Club.

Ms Hall is the Chair of the Audit Committee and Member of the Risk and Sustainability Committee.



Jason Attew, BSc, MBA, Non-Executive Director
Mr Attew is a mining industry veteran who has dedicated 25 years to the mining sector and is currently the President and CEO of Gold Standard
Ventures Corporation. Previously he served as the Chief Financial Officer at Goldcorp Inc. where, in addition to leading the finance and investor
relations operations, he was responsible for Goldcorp’s corporate development and strategy culminating in the US$32 billion merger with
Newmont Mining Corp.

Mr Attew has extensive capital markets experience from his time in investment banking with the BMO Global Metals and Mining Group where he
was at the forefront of structuring and raising significant growth capital as well as advising on both formative and transformational mergers and
acquisitions for corporations that have become industry leaders over the past two decades and is also on the board of The Food Stash
Foundation, a Vancouver-based non-profit whose mission is to create food & nutritional security for local residents.

Mr Attew is a Member of both the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.



Peter Smith, MBA, FAusIMM, GAICD, Non- Executive Director
Mr Smith is a senior executive with over 43 years’ experience primarily in resources sector. He has worked in a range of sectors including gold,
coal, metals and fertilizers. Peter has held senior positions with Kestrel Coal Resources, Israel Chemical Limited, Newcrest Mining, Lihir Gold,
WMC Resources, Western Metals and Rio Tinto.

Mr Smith was a former Non-Executive Director of NSW Minerals Council and Evolution Mining, Commissioner of PT NHM Indonesia and
Executive Director and Chairman of Western Metals Limited.

Mr Smith is a Member of the Risk and Sustainability Committee.


Victoria (Vicky) Binns, BEng (Mining - Hons 1), FAusIMM, GAICD, Grad Dip SIA, Non-Executive Director
Ms Binns has over 35 years’ experience in the global resources and financial services sectors including more than 10 years in executive
leadership roles at BHP and 15 years in financial services with Merrill Lynch Australia and Macquarie Equities. During her career at BHP, Ms
Binns’ roles included Vice President Minerals Marketing, leadership positions in the metals and coal marketing business, Vice President of Market
Analysis and Economics and was a member of the first BHP Global Inclusion and Diversity Council. She was also co-Founder and Chair of
Women in Mining and Resources Sg (WIMAR Sg).

Prior to joining BHP, Ms Binns held a number of Board and senior management roles at Merrill Lynch Australia including Managing Director and
Head of Australian Research, Head of Global Mining, Metals and Steel, and Head of Australian Mining Research.

Ms Binns is currently a Non-Executive Director of ASX-listed company Cooper Energy and the Carbon Market Institute, Australia’s leading
independent industry association for business leading the transition to net zero emissions. Ms Binns is also a Member of the Advisory Council for
JP Morgan in Australia & NZ.

Ms Binns is a Member of the Audit Committee.




                                                                          18




                                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 149
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Company Secretary

Evan Elstein, BCom GDA, ACA, FGIA, FCIS
Mr Elstein was appointed as the Group Company Secretary and Vice President for Information Technology in October 2011 following the merger
of Conquest Mining Limited and Catalpa Resources Limited. Previously he served as Company Secretary of Conquest Mining.

Mr Elstein has more than 25 years' executive management and corporate governance experience, spanning the mining, technology and
manufacturing sectors. Prior to joining the mining industry, he held senior positions with IT consulting companies and served as the Chief
Financial Officer and Company Secretary of Hartec Limited. Before emigrating to Australia, Mr Elstein held a number of management positions
at Dimension Data in South Africa.

Mr. Elstein is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators and a
fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia.




Meetings of directors

The numbers of meetings of the Group's Board of Directors and of each Board Committee held during the year ended 30 June 2021, and the numbers of
meetings attended by each Director were:


                                                                                                            Meetings of committees
                                                                            Board               Audit         Risk Management Nomination and
                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                                                                       A            B       A           B        A        B        A          B
  Jacob (Jake) Klein                                                   11           11      -           -        -         -       -          -
  Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway                                             11           11      -           -        -         -       -          -
  James (Jim) Askew                                                    11           11      -           -        3         3       3          3
  Thomas (Tommy) McKeith                                               11           11      -           -        -         -       3          3
  Andrea Hall                                                          11           11      4           4        3         3       -          -
  Jason Attew                                                          11           11      4           4        -         -       3          3
  Victoria (Vicky) Binns                                               11           11      4           4        -         -       -          -
  Peter Smith                                                          11           11      -           -        3         3       -          -

 A        Number of meetings attended.
 B        Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the year.




                                                                        19




150 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Letter)

Dear Fellow Shareholder,

On behalf of the Evolution Board, I am pleased to provide the Remuneration Report for the year ending 30 June 2021.

At Evolution, the Board, the Leadership Team and every employee strives to act like owners each and every day and live by the Evolution values of
Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect.

We are all living in turbulent, uncertain and constantly changing times. One thing that is not changing is Evolution’s commitment to executing a growth
strategy focused on sustainable high margin ounces. This, in our view, is the pathway to building a unique gold business that will prosper through the
gold cycle, and is a safe, efficient and sustainable business that delivers superior shareholder returns.

This Remuneration Report will explain how our remuneration framework is linked to our business strategy, overall company performance and
shareholder returns.

FY21 Performance

Evolution has had another strong year of performance during a time where the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a challenge globally. Throughout
FY21 we have faced and managed several tough weather events, including an extreme wind event at Cowal and bushfires at Mt Rawdon and forest fires
at Red Lake. It’s a credit to the Evolution Leadership Team and our dedicated and inspired people that they have remained focused on safely delivering
on their targets.

Evolution has continued to advance the overall business strategy, including with the work undertaken in relation to the Cowal Underground, the Red
Lake transformation, the accretive acquisition of the Battle North Gold Corporation and the acquisition of Northern Star Limited’s Kundana operations
announced after year-end. Evolution now has four cornerstone assets, two with a mine life of greater than 15 years. In addition to this, Evolution has
elevated its approach to ESG reflected in the upgraded MSCI ESG rating of AAA, the highest rating among global gold mining peers, committed to net
zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or earlier and a 30% reduction by 2030 (Scope 1 and 2 from a FY20 baseline), continued to work closely with
all stakeholder groups, be that communities within which we operate, contractors, suppliers, partners and our shareholders, while continuing to pay
strong dividends to our shareholders.

Our strategy at Evolution has been clear and consistent, generating sector leading cash flow in FY21 of $481 per ounce. Over the last six years the
Company has acquired Mungari, Cowal, an economic interest in Ernest Henry, Red Lake Operations, Battle North Gold and divested Pajingo, Edna May
and Cracow. These transactions have resulted in increasing the average reserve life of our portfolio from approximately 5 years to more than 13 years
while maintaining a low All-in Sustaining Cost (AISC) of around $1,215 per ounce. Our strategy, which focuses on sustainable margin over production,
has generated strong total shareholder returns (TSR) in excess of 16.4% compound growth over the past three-year period.

For FY21, Evolution delivered strong financial results including $1,864.1 million in revenue generating $327.3 million of free cash flow allowing us to
return $273.4 million in dividends to shareholders and repay $95.0 million in debt over the year.

STI Outcomes

For FY21, STIP outcomes focused on five (5) key measures; safety, critical controls, group cash contribution, group AISC and a strategic imperatives
measure that enables the Board to review overall company performance outside of the key non-discretionary measures to ensure the overall STI
outcomes are reflective of the Company performance for the year.

Evolution was disappointed with its overall safety performance for FY21, however it is clear on where the key issues are and we have associated plans
in place to improve in this area. In terms of risk, an independent audit demonstrated our excellent progress with our critical controls, including bow tie
analysis, and agreed actions being closed out on time. Our business development activity, which for FY21 included the acquisition of Battle North Gold in
Canada and good progress at the company’s early stage projects with strong drill results at the Cue project and transitioning Crush Creek to a PFS
following delivery of a maiden mineral resource (126koz).

The Company delivered strongly against its Balanced Business Plan (BBP) objectives for the year. In discovery, we added a new greenfields project and
rotated out of two others. Pleasingly we were able to materially increase our mineral resource and ore reserves year on year by 11.2 million and 3.2
million ounces respectively (inclusive of depletion and divestments). Our focus on data enabled business improvement initiatives delivered $41.5 million
in value to the business.

The strategic imperatives element of the STI has a weighting of 30%. For FY21, the Board evaluated progress against the FY21 BBP, delivery against
key projects at Cowal, Red Lake and Mungari and improving the overall business aligned to the strategy, via business development and operational
effectiveness. Balancing all factors, the Board awarded a score of 120% being between target and stretch for the strategic imperatives measure,
resulting in an overall STI outcome of 117%, which the Board believes is an appropriate reflection of the overall performance for FY21. A full breakdown
is provided in the report.




                                                                           20




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 151
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Letter continued)

LTI Outcomes

Our LTI performance measures directly link to shareholder expectations and reinforce our focus on delivering sustainable superior shareholder returns.
For the FY19 LTIPs, tested and vesting as at 30 June 2021, the measures focused on Absolute Shareholder Return, Relative Shareholder Return,
Earnings per share and Reserve growth per share. Through strong performance against all measures over the three (3) year period, the Company
achieved an overall vesting outcome of 77.0%. A full breakdown is provided in the report.

Signed:




Tommy McKeith
Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee




                                                                         21




152 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited)
This Remuneration Report forms part of the Directors' Report for the year ended 30 June 2021. This report contains details of the remuneration paid to
the Directors and Key Management Personnel ("KMP") and is aligned to the Group's overall remuneration strategy and framework. The Group's
remuneration philosophy and strategy is designed to ensure that the level and composition of remuneration is competitive, reasonable and appropriate
for the results delivered and to attract and retain high quality and appropriately experienced Directors, KMP and employees.

This remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

      a.     Remuneration Overview
      b.     Remuneration Governance
      c.     Remuneration Strategy, Framework and Philosophy
      d.     Changes in relation to Remuneration in FY21
      e.     Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs
      f.     Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes
      g.     Other Remuneration Information
      h.     Transactions with KMP
      i.     Changes planned for remuneration in FY22
      j.     Summary of Key Terms

(a) Remuneration Overview

(i)          Response to COVID-19

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group developed an approach based on the following principles:
 Elements                    Principles
 People                      Driven by our values of Safety, Excellence, Accountability and Respect
                             Continued discipline with health and safety practices
                             Sound review, reporting and learning culture
                             Strong communication to ensure all employees had clarity on the expectations and approach to effectively managing
                             through the pandemic
                             Engaged workforce in touch with indigenous and community groups to provide support on local issues
 Process                     Risk assessments and Triggered Action Response Plans (TARPs) with ongoing review;
                             Medical experts engaged for ongoing advice, support and review;
                             Supply Chain regularly reviewed;
                             Scenario’s modelled through the cycle
                                  –    People and site response
                                  –    Commercial and financial considerations
                                  –    Community impacts and plans
 Structure                   Roles and responsibilities defined and appointed;
                             Company Crisis Management and Site Incident Management Teams activated and mobilised;
                             Document controlled data and information.

 Communication               Internal – our people and contractors
                             External – Communities, Government and Industry

The Group continues to actively respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The health and safety of every person working at Evolution, their families
and our communities remains paramount during this time. The Group is operating under protocols developed to minimise risks to our people and the
communities within which we operate and ensure that we can continue to safely produce gold during this challenging period. These plans include
activation of our crisis management protocols, restricting international and domestic travel, detailed risk assessments across all operations including the
Company’s Greenfields exploration projects, enacting strict social distancing protocols including reducing face-to-face interactions, increasing flexible
working arrangements, ensuring best practice health management maintenance and regular COVID-19 communication with the entire workforce.

Whilst the Group has had very limited exposure with one positive case of COVID-19 (at the Red Lake operations), each site and associated community
has been impacted in different ways. The Group continues to work closely within the communities where we operate and with regulators and industry
groups to ensure all our operations are complying with agreed protocols and remain responsive to changing needs.

The Group has also strongly encouraged and supported all staff to be vaccinated to reduce COVID-19 risks. These have been formalised in a guideline
which outlines provisions that enable staff to attend vaccination appointments during work hours (as appropriate) in addition to providing additional leave
in the event of any side effects following vaccination. Externally facilitated medical information and awareness sessions have also been held and will
continue to be offered to provide appropriate qualified information to our teams on the risks and benefits of vaccination.

To mitigate the mental and physical health impacts that lockdowns and periods of isolation may cause, communication lines have been strengthened
across the business as well as with the Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Our sites have also deployed technologies to enable risk mitigation and
tracing, such as contact tracing cards at Cowal, QR codes in the Sydney Office and site access protocols have been strengthened at each site.

Support for Community groups and employees remains ongoing. The Group has additionally provided donations to our local communities impacted by
the pandemic – since the start of the pandemic, over $2.5 million has been donated to provide direct and indirect support to our communities.




                                                                             22




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 153
 FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




 Directors' Report (continued)
 Evolution Mining Limited
 Directors' Report
 30 June 2021
 (continued)
 Remuneration Report (Audited)

 (a) Remuneration Overview (continued)

  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Committee), along with Risk and Sustainability Committee and the Board have regularly reviewed and
 considered the impacts of COVID-19 on the performance of the business. Specific to COVID-19, no adjustment has been made to the FY21
 remuneration outcomes.

(ii) Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Key Management Personnel

 The executive remuneration framework covered in this report includes the Executive Directors (Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer), Non-
 Executive Directors and those executives considered to be Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) named below:
 Name                               Position
 Jacob (Jake) Klein                 Executive Chairman
 Lawrence (Lawrie) Conway           Finance Director and Chief Financial Officer
 James Askew                        Non-Executive Director
 Andrea Hall                        Non-Executive Director
 Thomas McKeith                     Non-Executive Director
 Jason Attew                        Non-Executive Director
 Vicky Binns                        Non-Executive Director
 Peter Smith                        Non-Executive Director
 Paul Eagle                         Vice President People & Culture
 Evan Elstein                       Company Secretary & Vice President Information Technology
 Bob Fulker                         Chief Operating Officer
 Glen Masterman                     Vice President Discovery & Business Development
 Fiona Murfitt*                     Vice President Sustainability
 * Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the KMP as VP - Sustainability effective 1
 July 2020.
                                                      33.
 ** For NEDs Remuneration information refer to page 164

 (iii) Executive service agreements - all agreements are ongoing agreements
 Name                     Position Title                          Total Fixed        Notice Period by       Notice Period by      Termination payments *
                                                                Remuneration                Executive              Evolution
 Existing Executive Directors and Key Management Personnel
                                                                       805,674                                                                     12 month
 Jacob Klein              Executive Chairman                     300,000 fixed                6 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                                                                Director's Fees                                                               Remuneration
                                                                       626,874                                                                   6 months
                          Finance Director and Chief
 Lawrie Conway                                                   135,000 fixed                3 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                          Financial Officer
                                                                Director's Fees                                                               Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                 6 months
                          Vice President People and
 Paul Eagle                                                            421,874                3 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                          Culture
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                          Company Secretary and Vice                                                                                             6 months
 Evan Elstein             President Information                        421,874                3 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                          Technology                                                                                                          Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                 6 months
 Bob Fulker               Chief Operating Officer                      541,874                3 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                  6 months
                          Vice President Discovery and                 451,874                3 months               6 months                    Total Fixed
 Glen Masterman
                          Business Development
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                 6 months
 Fiona Murfitt**          Vice President Sustainability                405,000                3 months               6 months                   Total Fixed
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
 *For a change of control event, the termination payment is 12 months TFR for Executive Directors and KMP.

  Fixed salary, inclusive of the required superannuation contribution amount, is reviewed annually by the Board following the end of the financial year. The
 amounts set out above are the Executive Directors and KMP total fixed remuneration as at the date of this report.

 **Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the KMP as VP - Sustainability effective 1
 July 2020.

                                                                             23




 154 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited)

(b)   Remuneration Governance

The Board of Directors (“the Board”) has an established Nomination and Remuneration Committee, consisting solely of Non-Executive Directors, with the
delegated responsibility to report on and make recommendations to the Board on the:

      •   Appropriateness of the remuneration strategy, philosophy, policies and supporting systems, having regard to whether they are:
               ◦    Relevant to the Group’s wider objectives and strategies;
               ◦    Legal and defensible; and
               ◦    In accordance with the people and culture objectives of the Group
      •   Performance of the Executive Directors (on an annual basis) and ensure there is a process for determining key performance indicators for the
          ensuing period; and
      •   Remuneration of the Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and KMP, in accordance with approved Board policies and processes.

The Group's target remuneration philosophies are:

      •   Total Fixed Remuneration - TFR (being salary, superannuation, plus regular allowances) positioned at the median (50th percentile) based on
          the industry benchmark Aon Remuneration report in Australia (an industry recognised gold and general mining remuneration benchmarking
          survey covering 126 organisations within the industry) and a combination of the Mercer and Korn Ferry Remuneration reports for the Canadian
          market.

      •   Total Annual Remuneration - TAR (TFR plus STI) at the 75th percentile for on target performance; and

      •   Total Remuneration - TR (TAR plus LTI) at the 75th percentile, with flexibility to provide up to the 90th percentile level for critical roles and
          exceptional individual performance.




                                                                            24




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 155
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(b)     Remuneration Governance (continued)




    The overarching objectives and principles of the Group’s remuneration strategy are that:

◦           Total remuneration for each level of the workforce is appropriate and competitive;
◦           Total remuneration comprises a competitive fixed component and a sizeable “at risk” component based on performance hurdles;
◦           Short term incentives are appropriate with hurdles that are measurable, transparent and achievable;
◦           Incentive plans are designed to motivate and incentivise for high performance and delivery on organisational objectives;
◦           The Group long-term incentives are focused on delivering shareholder value; and
◦           The principles and integrity of the remuneration review process deliver fair and equitable outcomes

(c)         Remuneration Strategy and Framework

The following table outlines the remuneration components for all KMP for the 2021 financial year:




                                                                             25




156 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(c) Remuneration Strategy and Framework (continued)

Component         Performance measure                                                   Strategic objective
Total Fixed       Key results areas for each role are determined based on the           Remuneration is designed to attract, motivate and retain high
Remuneration      individual's position, key business imperatives and individual KPIs   performing individuals.
(TFR)             aligned to the business plan and strategy.                              Considerations include:
                                                                                             •    Overall Company strategy and annual business plan
                                                                                             •    Key skills and knowledge required
                                                                                             •    External market conditions
                                                                                             •    Key employee value drivers
                                                                                             •    Individual employee performance
                                                                                             •    Industry benchmark data
Short Term      Key Performance indicators are set with a mix of individual and         The objective is to motivate employees to achieve key annual
Incentive (STI) corporate elements. The relative weighting of which is dependent on     targets focused on safety, risk, operations, cash contribution,
                the individual employee job banding and position. For the Executive     and effective cost management, improving the overall quality of
                Chairman, the weighting is 70% corporate and 30% individual and         the asset portfolio and driving a high achievement team culture.
                for the remainder of the KMP, 60% corporate and 40% individual.
                For the corporate component for FY21, the measures focused on
                safety, critical controls, cash contribution, costs and strategic
                imperatives focused on improving our overall asset portfolio aligned
                to the business strategy, improving operational effectiveness via the
                delivery of priority capital projects and progress in the company's
                sustainability targets.
Long Term         Performance measures agreed with the Board have a 3 year time         The primary objective to deliver industry leading shareholder
Incentive (LTI)   horizon and are focused on enhancing shareholder value.               returns.


The target achievement remuneration ratio mix for Executive Directors and KMP has not changed from prior financial year. The 2021 financial year and
prior financial year is as follows:




            CEO/Executive Chairman (FY21
                      & FY20)                                                   Other KMP (FY21 & FY20)




                   59%                                                              51%                         57%
                                                65%



                                                                                    18%
                   15%                                                                                         20%
                                                17%

                   26%                                                              31%
                                                18%                                                            23%

                  Target                      Stretch                             Target                      Stretch

                      TFR             STI           LTI                                 TFR          STI           LTI


(d)    Changes in relation to remuneration in FY21.

         No changes were made in relation to remuneration in FY21.




                                                                           26




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 157
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)
Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)


(e)     Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs

      (i)   Financial Performance

            The Group has demonstrated strong financial performance over the past five years as shown in the following charts:




               Statutory Profit/(loss) ($m)                     Underlying Profit After Tax                             EBITDA ($m)
                                                                          ($m)




                                              345.3                                                                                1,029.4
                                    301.6                                               405.4                                                914.2
                263.4                                                                           354.3   713.9   795.1      730.3
       217.6              218.2                                  250.8
                                                       206.6                218.2


       FY17     FY18      FY19      FY20      FY21     FY17      FY18       FY19        FY20    FY21    FY17    FY18       FY19       FY20   FY21


                    Annual Results                                      Annual Results                               Annual Results
                    Cumulative Average                                  Cumulative Average                           Cumulative Average




                   Basic EPS (cents)                           Dividends declared(cents per                     Share price ($) at 30 June
                                                                          share)




                                              20.21                                                                                   5.67
                                    17.71                                               16.0                                                  4.5
                15.57                                                                                                      4.36
       13.28              12.86                                                                 12.0             3.51
                                                                             9.5                        2.41
                                                                  7.5
                                                        5.0

       FY17     FY18      FY19      FY20      FY21     FY17      FY18       FY19        FY20    FY21    FY17    FY18       FY19       FY20   FY21


                    Annual Results                                      Annual Results                               Annual Results
                    Cumulative Average                                  Cumulative Average                           Cumulative Average




                                                                                   27




158 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
        Evolution Mining Limited
        Directors' Report
        30 June 2021
        (continued)
  Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

  (e)     Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs (continued)

(ii)    STIP

        STIP Overview


        Component            Performance measure
        Participation        The Overall Group STIP applies to site based employees at the level of Manager and above and all Group office employees.
        Composition          The Group STIP is a cash bonus, up to a maximum percentage of TFR, based on the employee job band.
        Performance          It is assessed and paid annually conditional upon the achievement of key company objectives and individual KPIs. For the
        conditions           2021 financial year, the Group objectives were focused on the areas of safety, risk, group cash contribution, all in sustaining
                             costs and strategic imperatives, designed to improve the overall business aligned to the long term business strategy.
        FY21 STIP            At the time of setting the FY21 STIP measures, the Board determined it would consider the following factors when awarding
        considerations       the score for the strategic imperatives measure:
                                             1. Progress relative to the FY21 Balanced Business Plan (BBP);
                                             2. Delivery on key projects - including the Red Lake turnaround, (against identified FY21 improvements);
                                                   Cowal (key projects on track, including the Underground project); Mungari (Satellite pits on track and
                                                   studies completed for regional resources, including the heap leach study);
                                             3. Progress on Sustainability targets (scope 1 and 2 emissions, water security targets and community
                                                   plans).



        STIP Performance Measures and Outcomes


                                                                     Performance
        Measure                                         Weighting                                                                                       Award
                                                                     Outcome

        TRI Frequency (TRIF) (12mma)                                                                                                                   0.0 %
                                                                                      The overall outcome was disappointing and remains an area of focus for
                                                                                      the business. The Board notes that there were some pockets of
                                                                                      excellence with Mt Rawdon setting an Evolution record of 463 days
                                                            15%           9.6
                                                                                      without a recordable injury, Mt Carlton going over 100 days since their
                                                                                      last recordable injury as at 30 June 2021.

        Risk - Critical and Material Risk Actions                                                                                                        22.5 %
                                                                                      All bow tie analysis and extreme risks controls were implemented and
                                                                                      validated in line with the minimum standards. All actions were reviewed
                                                            15%          150%         and reported weekly. There were no overdue actions. Independent
                                                                                      audits where completed for all sites and all sites achieved a satisfactory
                                                                                      rating or better.
        Group Cash Contribution ($ million)                                                                                                            30.0 %
                                                                                      Against a target of $210.0 million, the performance of $327.3 million
                                                                                      achieved a stretch outcome. The result for the year was predominantly
                                                            20%        $327.3m        driven by a strong focus on cost management, both operating and
                                                                                      capital, and higher gold prices offset by lower than planned production,
                                                                                      and higher tax payments due to higher profits.
        Group All in Sustaining Cost ($/oz sold)                                                                                                    28.5 %
                                                                                      The continued focus on cost control resulted in a better than budget
                                                                                      performance which delivered an outcome between target and stretch.
                                                                                      This is a pleasing improvement considering the outcome for FY20 was
                                                            20%          1,215
                                                                                      below threshold.




                                                                                 28




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 159
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(e)   Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs (continued)

      STIP Performance Measures and Outcomes (continued)


                                                     Performance
Measure                                Weighting                                                                                              Award
                                                     Outcome

Strategic Imperatives                                                                                                                36.0 %
                                                                   1. Progress relative to the FY21 Balanced Business Plan (BBP)
                                                                      The BBP is designed to be a balanced scorecard which has 5 key
                                                                      business pillars: Zero Harm and Sustainability, People, Operations,
                                                                      Growth and Financial Outcomes. Against these business pillars most of
                                                                      the measures were achieved and all supporting projects achieved the
                                                                      desired outcomes.
                                                                   2. Delivery on key projects - including the Red Lake turnaround, (as part of
                                                                      the 3 year transformation program); Cowal (key projects such as the
                                                                      Cowal Underground;Integrated Waste Landform (IWL); and Open Pit
                                                                      extension studies on track); Mungari (Satellite pits on track and studies
                                                                      completed for regional resources and province optimisation)
                                                                      At Red Lake, the integration and start of turning Red Lake into a
                                                                      cornerstone asset for Evolution has gone very well despite an inability for
                                                                      management to visit the site since March 2020. Key improvements
                                                                      included the significant upgrade in resources (to 11moz) and reserves
                                                                      (3moz), the restructure to align the workforce with the production profile
                                                                      and a number of transformation projects including decommissioning the
                                                                      Campbell shaft, replacement of mining equipment to drive greater
                                                                      efficiencies, establishment of additional mining fronts and increasing
                                                                      development metres.
                                                                      At Cowal, Stage H is nearing completion with access to ore planned in first
                                                                      half of FY22; the IWL successfully deposited material in stage 1 early with
                                                                      additional savings on the existing tails management facility achieved;
                                            30%         120%          Satellite open pit studies continued on plan and the Underground FS was
                                                                      completed on time and approved by the Board.
                                                                      For Mungari, the future growth project progressed to plan.
                                                                   3. Progress on Sustainability targets (scope 1 and 2 emissions, water
                                                                      security targets and community plans).
                                                                      Community plans including first nation people's plans have been delivered.
                                                                      The independent materiality assessment also supported strong community
                                                                      sentiment.
                                                                      There were no material environmental incidents in FY21.
                                                                      In terms of scope 1 and 2 emissions, the FY21 target was to track and
                                                                      drive a reduction in CO2-e emissions per tonnes of material mined (ore
                                                                      and waste). This was assessed against the baseline of FY20 @ 0.012t
                                                                      CO2-e/t material mined. The performance over the year was varied with
                                                                      the first half of the year better than the latter half, both tracking around the
                                                                      baseline.
                                                                      Evolution is in a very strong position for water security as a result of
                                                                      increased planning and execution of the water strategy. The target was to
                                                                      track and reduce raw water drawn per dry tonne milled (DTM) off a
                                                                      baseline 0.54kL raw water drawn per DTM (12mma). The reduction in raw
                                                                      water has been significant due to factors such record return volumes for
                                                                      the Tailings IWL Cell at CGO and successful reuse and harvesting
                                                                      strategies across all sites. The reduction in the baseline was
                                                                      approximately a 35% improvement with an average - over the 12 months
                                                                      being around 0.35kL/DTM.

Overall Outcome                             100%                                                                                            116.96 %




                                                                    29




160 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(e)   Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs (continued)

The outcomes for the KMP are set out in the table below. They also reflect the strong performance of individual KMP members against their KPIs agreed
with the Executive Chairman.

       Component             Performance measure

                                                              Total STIP Granted             % of Maximum               % of Maximum
                                                      2021                    ($)      Entitlement Granted       Entitlement Forfeited
                            Directors
                             Jacob Klein                                   583,000                      80.6 %                    19.4 %
                             Lawrie Conway                                 460,000                      81.7 %                    18.3 %
                             Key Management Personnel
                             Paul Eagle                                    300,000                      79.3 %                    20.7 %
                             Evan Elstein                                  300,000                      79.3 %                    20.7 %
                             Bob Fulker                                    385,000                      79.2 %                    20.8 %
                             Glen Masterman                                340,000                      83.9 %                    16.1 %
                             Fiona Murfitt*                                300,000                      85.5 %                    14.5 %
 *Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the KMP as VP - Sustainability effective 1
July 2020.


(iii) LTIP
      LTIP Overview

            Component          Performance measure
            Participation      The Group LTIP applies to employees at the level of Manager, Superintendent / Senior Specialist, Functional Lead and
                               above across the Group.
            Performance        Up to 3 years.
            period
            Composition        The Group has one long term incentive plan currently in operation, the Employee Share Option and Performance Rights Plan
                               (“ESOP”).
                               The ESOP (approved by shareholders on 23 November 2010, 26 November 2014 and 23 November 2017) provides for the
                               issuance of Performance Rights to Executive Directors and eligible employees. This LTIP was first introduced for employees
                               at the level of Manager and above and provides equity based “at risk” remuneration, up to maximum percentages, based on,
                               and in addition to, each eligible employee’s TFR. Effective from 1 July 2018, the LTIP was extended to the superintendent
                               and senior technical level in the Company. These incentives are aimed at retaining and incentivising those eligible
                               employees on a basis that is aligned with shareholder interests and are provided via Performance Rights

            Performance        The Performance Rights are issued for a specified period and each Performance Right is convertible into one ordinary share.
            conditions         All Performance Rights expire on the earlier of their expiry date or termination of the employee’s employment subject to
                               Board discretion. Performance Rights do not vest until a specified period after granting and their vesting is conditional on the
                               achievement of certain performance hurdles that are aligned with shareholder interests. There are no voting or dividend
                               rights attached to the Performance Rights. Voting and dividend rights attach to the ordinary shares when the Performance
                               Rights vest and shares are allocated to the participating employee. Unvested Performance Rights cannot be transferred and
                               will not be quoted on the ASX.




                                                                            30




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 161
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(e)   Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs (continued)

LTIP Performance Measures

The following table outlines the performance measures for the LTIPs issued in FY21 and to be issued in FY22.

              KPI's                Weighting                  Measure                                    Criteria
                                                Performance Rights will be tested
                                                against the Group’s TSR              Threshold    8th ranking = 33% (Below 8th = 0%)
                                                performance relative to a peer
                                                group of comparator gold
                                                companies. The Group’s and the
                                                peer group’s TSR will be based on    Target       7th ranking = 50%
              Relative TSR
                                       25%      the percentage by which its 30-day
              Performance
                                                volume weighted average share                     Above 4th ranking and below 7th
                                                price quoted on the ASX (“VWAP”)                  ranking = Straight line pro-rata
                                                (plus the value of any dividends                  between 50% and 100%
                                                paid during the performance
                                                period) has increased over a three   Exceptional Top 3 ranking = 100%
                                                year period
                                                Performance rights will be tested                 10% return per annum = 33%
                                                against the Group’s Absolute TSR     Threshold
                                                performance relative to the 30                    >10% to <15% = pro-rata between
                                                days VWAP (Absolute TSR                           33% and 66%
                                                Performance) as at 30 June each
                                                year, measured as the cumulative
              Absolute TSR
                                       25%      annual TSR over the three year                    15% return per annum= 66%
              Performance
                                                performance period.                  Target
                                                                                                  >15% to <20% = pro-rata between
                                                                                                  66% and 100%


                                                                                     Exceptional >20% return per annum = 100%
                                                Performance Rights will be tested Threshold       8th ranking = 33% (Below 8th = 0%)
                                                against Evolution's relative ranking
                                                of its AISC performance for the 12
                                                month period compared to the
                                                AISC performance ranking of the      Target       7th ranking = 50%
              Relative AISC            25%      Peer Group Companies for the
                                                same period.                                      Above 4th ranking and below 7th
                                                                                                  ranking = pro-rata between 50% and
                                                                                                  100%

                                                                                    Exceptional Top 3 ranking = 100%
                                                Performance Rights will be tested               90% of Baseline Ore Reserves =
                                                against the Group’s ability to grow             33%
                                                its Ore Reserves, calculated by     Threshold
                                                measuring the growth over the                   >90% but below 100% of Baseline
                                                three year performance period by                Ore Reserves = pro-rata between
                                                comparing the baseline measure                  33% and 66%
                                                of the Ore Reserves as at 31
                                                December (“Baseline Ore
                                                Reserves”) to the Ore Reserves as
                                                at 31 December three years later                100% of Baseline Ore Reserves =
              Increase in ore
                                                on a per share basis, with testing  Target      66%
              reserves per             25%
              share                             to be performed at 30 June each
                                                year.                                           >100% of Baseline Ore Reserves
                                                                                                and below 120% of Baseline Ore
                                                                                                Reserves =
                                                                                                pro-rata between 66% and 100%


                                                                                                 >120% and above of Baseline Ore
                                                                                     Exceptional Reserves = 100%

              Total LTI               100%


                                                                         31




162 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                     Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(e)         Executive Remuneration Performance Measures and Outcomes – STIs and LTIs (continued)

LTIP Outcomes

Component                                 Performance measure
Award outcome for the year -              Outcomes for the FY18 award which were approved by the Board and vested in August 2020 are set out as
ESOP Performance Rights                   follows:

       Performance Target                               Measure                                         FY18        % of Maximum
                                                                                         Weighting     Outcome         Vested              % Vested

       (i)       Relative TSR Performance               Percentile                             25 %          20th             77.3 %               19.3 %
       (ii)      Absolute TSR performance               Compound annual return                 25 %       38.3 %            100.0 %                25.0 %
       (iii)     Growth in Earnings per share           Compound annual return                 25 %       18.1 %            100.0 %                25.0 %
       (iv)      Increase in ore reserves per share     Percentage increase                    25 %      118.6 %              97.6 %               24.4 %
                                                        Total                               100.0 %                                                93.7 %


                             Outcomes for the FY19 award approved by the Board for vesting in August 2021 are set out as follows:

      Performance Target                               Measure                                         FY19         % of Maximum
                                                                                        Weighting     Outcome          Vested               % Vested

      (i)       Relative TSR Performance               Percentile                             25 %          30th               59.4 %               14.9 %
      (ii)      Absolute TSR performance               Compound annual return                 25 %       16.4 %                75.6 %               18.9 %
      (iii)     Growth in Earnings per share           Compound annual return                 25 %       11.8 %                72.8 %               18.2 %
      (iv)      Increase in ore reserves per share     Percentage increase                    25 %      125.1 %              100.0 %                25.0 %
                                                       Total                               100.0 %                                                  77.0 %

(f)     Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes

The Board policy is to remunerate Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) at market rates for comparable companies for time, commitment and responsibilities.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee determines Non-Executive Directors fees and reviews this annually, based on market practice, their
duties and areas of responsibility. Independent external advice is sought when required. The maximum aggregate amount of fees that can be paid to
Non-Executive Directors is subject to approval by shareholders (currently $1,200,000 per annum). Fees for Non-Executive Directors are not linked to the
performance of the Group and they currently do not participate in the Group’s STIP or LTIP.

Under the NED Equity Plan, NEDs will be granted Share Rights as part of their remuneration. The number of Share Rights granted will be calculated in
accordance with the following formula:
“Equity Amount” ($) for the financial year/Value per Share Right
      Where:

        •      “Equity Amount” is an amount determined by the Board, having regard to level of board and committee fees paid in cash and independent
               advice received. For 2021, the Equity Amount is $65,000 for each NED, other than the Lead Independent Director (LID), who received an
               Equity Amount of $80,000. For 2022, the Equity Amount will be $65,000 for each NED, and $80,000 for the LID.
        •      The Value per Share Right equals the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Evolution’s ordinary shares traded on the ASX over the 10
               trading day period commencing the day after the release of the full year financial results. For 2021, the 10 trading day period to calculate the
               VWAP used to determine the number of share rights granted to each NED commences on 19 August 2021.


Providing the NED remains a director of the Group, Share Rights will vest and automatically exercise 12 months after the grant date. The Share Rights
granted to NEDs under the NED Equity Plan are not subject to performance conditions or any other service requirements which could result in potential
forfeiture. Vested Share Rights will convert into ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. Vested Share Rights will be satisfied by either issuing shares or
arranging for shares to be acquired on-market, subject to the the Group's Securities Trading Policy and the inside information provisions of the
Corporations Act.
Upon the transfer to the relevant NED, the shares will be subject to disposal restrictions (Disposal Conditions) under the earlier of:
        •      the NED ceasing to be a director of the Group; or
        •      three years from the date of grant of the share rights or such longer period nominated by the NED at the time of the offer (up to a maximum 15
          years from the date of grant).
Generally, Share Rights will lapse if a Participant ceases to be a Director of the Group.



                                                                                32




                                                                                                    Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 163
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(f)   Non-Executive Director Remuneration Outcomes (continued)

Outlined in the table below is a summary of the fee structure by individual as at 30 June 2021. For remuneration outcomes please refer to table in
section d (iv).

                                                          Cash Component ($)                                               Equity ($)

                                     Base Fees            Lead         Sub-Commitee    Sub-Commitee Total Cash Fees       NED Equity     Total per annum
                                                      Independent          Chairman         Member                        Plan Shares                 ($)
Directors
James Askew                               120,000                 —          35,000           20,000          175,000           65,000          240,000
Andrea Hall                               120,000                 —          40,000           20,000          180,000           65,000          245,000
Thomas McKeith                            120,000             15,000         35,000               —           170,000           80,000          250,000
Peter Smith                               120,000                 —               —           20,000          140,000           65,000          205,000
Vicky Binns                               120,000                 —               —           20,000          140,000           65,000          205,000
Jason Attew                               120,000                 —              —            40,000          160,000           65,000          225,000
                                          720,000             15,000        110,000          120,000          965,000          405,000        1,370,000


(g) Other remuneration information

  (i) Remuneration Summary Table

                              Fixed                                   Post-                  STI                   LTI
                           Remuneration             Leave**         Employment
                                                                     Benefits
                          Base Salary and        Movement         Superannuation           Bonus           Amortised Value *        Total       Total
                               Fees
                            2021      2020 2021    2020    2021   2020      2021      2020       2021     2020       2021        2020
Directors
Jacob Klein          1,083,980 1,082,797 30,574 19,546 21,694 21,003 583,000 510,000 1,177,278 2,109,599 2,896,526 3,742,945
Lawrie Conway         740,179 738,997 51,645 16,525 21,694 21,003 460,000 412,000 646,785 727,543 1,920,303 1,916,068
James Askew           175,000 163,750         —      —       —       —         —         —     52,638   42,363    227,638    206,113
Andrea Hall           164,384 156,773         —      — 15,616 14,893           —         —     52,638   42,363    232,638    214,029
Thomas McKeith        155,251 162,862         —      — 14,749 15,472           —         —     64,786   48,906    234,786    227,240
Jason Attew           160,000    93,333       —      —       —       —         —         —     52,638   28,352    212,638    121,685
Vicky Binns           127,854    31,963       —      — 12,146    3,037         —         —     32,501        —    172,501      35,000
Peter Smith           127,854    31,963       —      — 12,146    3,037         —         —     32,501        —    172,501      35,000
Graham Freestone****        —    60,883       —      —       —   5,784         —         —         —    34,216          —    100,883
Colin Johnstone*****        —    87,500       —      —       —       —         —         —         —    50,378               137,878
Key Management Personnel
Paul Eagle            400,179 398,997 12,148 13,274 21,694 21,003 300,000 271,000 474,594 464,035 1,208,615 1,168,309
Evan Elstein          400,179 398,997     8,423 11,063 21,694 21,003 300,000 277,000 482,847 486,283 1,213,143 1,194,346
Bob Fulker            520,180 518,997 25,450 13,512 21,694 21,003 385,000 343,000 618,275 656,990 1,570,599 1,553,502
Glen Masterman        430,180 428,997     5,345 11,337 21,694 21,003 340,000 302,000 516,408 513,936 1,313,627 1,277,273
Fiona Murfitt***      383,306        — 20,840        — 21,694        — 300,000           — 177,230           —    903,070          —
                     4,868,526 4,356,809 154,425 85,257 206,515 168,241 2,668,000 2,115,000 4,381,119 5,204,964 12,278,585 11,930,271

*Amortised value of share based rights comprises the fair value of options and performance rights expensed during the year for KMP, and
retention rights for NEDs.

**Leave comprises of annual and long service leave movement for a financial year.

***Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the KMP as VP - Sustainability effective 1
  July 2020.

****Graham Freestone retired as Non-Executive Director effective 28 November 2019.

*****Colin Johnstone retired as Non-Executive Director effective 11 March 2020.




                                                                           33




164 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                     Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)
Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(g) Other remuneration information (continued)

(ii) Performance Rights granted, vested or lapsed in each financial year:


                                                    FY17          FY18                FY19        FY20       FY21 Running Balance
               Granted                         6,797,540      6,586,571           5,699,933 6,038,033  5,166,893      38,430,338
                Granted - TIP                  3,375,000            —                     —             —                              3,375,000
               Vested                        (4,051,551)     (4,019,532)                  —             —               —           (12,094,027)
                Vested - TIP                 (2,892,476)            —                     —             —               —            (2,892,476)
               Forfeited                     (3,228,513)     (2,567,039)          (2,035,401)   (1,562,211)         (536,774)       (14,548,260)
                Subject to vesting                   —              —              3,664,532      4,475,822         4,630,119         12,770,473
                Testing date                   30/6/2019      30/6/2020           30/6/2021         30/6/2022      30/6/2023                 —
               Testing date - TIP**           16/12/2019           —                     —               —              —                    —
                Vesting (%) -                      88.2 %           93.7 %            77.0%*            —%              —%                   —%
                excluding TIP

           *The FY19 Tranche 1 performance rights are re-tested as at 30 June 2021 and adjusted to reflect the outcome for the full three year
           performance period.
           ** The Transition Incentive Plan (TIP) was entered into by Evolution with the Executive Chairman Mr. Jake Klein.

(iii) Movement in Performance Rights in FY20 and FY21:


                                                                                                    2021 Number        2020 Number
                       Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                               13,776,882         18,643,061
                       Performance rights granted during the period                                     5,166,893          6,038,033
                       Vested during the period                                                        (4,019,532)        (7,025,612)
                       Forfeited during the period                                                     (2,153,770)          (3,878,600)
                       Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                     12,770,473          13,776,882

(iv) Performance Rights and Shares

                                                                                                                        At end of the year
                                  Balance at the    Granted as                                        Balance at
                                     start of the compensation                                        the end of     Vested and        To be
                                           year*                          Vested       Forfeited       the year      exercisable      Forfeited     Unvested
Directors
 Jacob Klein                          1,738,939          475,404       (648,904)        (43,261)        1,522,178        381,621          114,314   1,026,243
 Lawrie Conway                          943,815          264,038       (345,985)        (23,065)         838,803         206,865           61,966     569,972
 James Askew (i)                         12,727            10,984         (12,727)              —         10,984                —              —       10,984
 Andrea Hall (i)                         12,727            10,984         (12,727)              —         10,984                —              —       10,984
  Thomas McKeith (i)                     15,664            13,519         (15,664)              —         13,519                —              —       13,519
 Jason Attew***                          12,727            10,984         (12,727)              —         10,984                —              —       10,984
 Vicky Binns**** (i)                         —             10,984              —                —         10,984                —              —       10,984
 Peter Smith**** (i)                         —             10,984              —                —         10,984                —              —       10,984
 Key Management Personnel
 Paul Eagle                             613,399          177,434       (219,124)        (14,608)         557,101         133,954           40,125     383,022
 Evan Elstein                           636,487          177,434       (233,540)        (15,569)         564,812         139,888           41,903     383,021
 Bob Fulker                             818,618          228,129       (302,737)        (20,183)         723,827         178,040           53,331     492,456
 Glen Masterman                         675,594          190,108       (245,072)        (16,338)         604,292         149,214           44,697     410,381
 Fiona Murfitt**                         91,628          164,760             —               —            256,388             —                —      256,388
                                      5,572,325        1,745,746     (2,049,207)       (133,024)        5,135,840      1,189,582          356,336   3,589,922
*Opening balance does not match the performance period ended 30 June 2020 as the performance plan was not tested until August 2020 so the
forfeitures were included in closing balance.

**Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the VP - Sustainability effective 1 July
2020.



                                                                             34




                                                                                                    Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 165
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(g) Other remuneration information (continued)

**The performance rights issued have a zero exercise price. The performance rights may be exercised on or after the vesting date. Once vested the
performance rights have 15 years until expiry.

*** Grant date for Key Management Personnel performance rights was 17 September 2020. Jake Klein and Lawrie Conway's performance rights was
granted on 26 November 2020 following shareholder approval at the Annual General meeting. Non-Executive Directors had share rights granted on 26
November 2020.

(i) Non-Executive Director Share Rights granted under the NED Equity Plan are not subject to performance conditions or any other service requirements
which could result in potential forfeiture.

The fair value at grant date for the Key Management Personnel FY21 performance rights are stated below:

                                                                         Relative TSR         Absolute TSR      Relative AISC      Growth in Ore
                                                                                                                                       Reserves
September 2020 Performance Rights issue
Fair value at grant date ($)                                                       2.99               2.42                 5.52              5.52


The fair value at grant date for the Non-Executive Directors FY21 share rights were $5.0 and are based on one year service condition.


The fair value at grant date for the Jake Klein and Lawrie Conway's FY21 performance rights are stated below:

                                                                            Relative TSR      Absolute TSR       Relative AISC Growth in Ore
                                                                                                                                   Reserves
November 2020 Performance Rights issue
Fair value at grant date ($)                                                        2.09               1.52                 4.62            4.62

(v)    Directors and key management personnel equity holdings

                                                     Balance at the start        Received during          Other changes       Balance at the end
                                                             of the year             the year on                                     of the year
                                                                                   conversion of
                                                                                    performance
                                                                                           rights
  Directors
  Jacob Klein                                                 14,745,960                   648,904                    —                 15,394,864
  Lawrie Conway                                                  955,612                   345,985              (185,000)                1,116,597
  James Askew                                                    801,731                    12,727                     —                  814,458
  Andrea Hall                                                     28,144                    12,727                     —                   40,871
  Thomas McKeith                                                 201,364                    15,664                     —                  217,028
  Jason Attew                                                          —                    12,727                14,000                   26,727
  Vicky Binns                                                          —                        —                     —                        —
  Peter Smith                                                          —                        —                 26,126                   26,126
  Key Management Personnel
      Paul Eagle                                                 167,000                   803,355              (182,326)                 788,029
      Evan Elstein                                               555,251                   233,540              (103,540)                 685,251
      Bob Fulker                                                      —                    302,737              (282,737)                  20,000
      Glen Masterman                                                  —                     245,072             (240,000)                    5,072
      Fiona Murfitt*                                                  —                          —                    —                         —
                                                              17,455,062                  2,633,438             (953,477)               19,135,023
*Fiona Murfitt joined the Group in January 2020 as the General Manager Sustainability and was promoted to the VP - Sustainability effective 1 July 2020.




                                                                            35




166 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)

(h)   Transactions with KMP

           (a) Loans:
               There are no loans provided to Key Management Personnel as at 30 June 2021.


           (b) Related Party Transactions:
                Directors fees in the amount of $175,000 were paid to International Mining and Finance Corp, a company of which Mr James Askew is a
                 Director for services provided during the period (30 June 2020: $163,750).

(i)   Changes are planned for remuneration in FY22

           The planned change for the FY22 KPIs is:

 Element        Changes for FY22                              Reason for Change

                Change in the comparator group.               To maintain a good balance of similar sized companies by market capitalization and
                                                              representation across the Australian and Canadian markets and to reflect changes
                                                              where companies have merged or been acquired.




                                                                         36




                                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 167
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Remuneration Report (Audited) (continued)


(j)   Summary of Key Terms

Below is a list of key terms with definitions used within the Director’s Report:


 Key Term                     Definition
 The Board of Directors       The Board of Directors, the list of persons under the relevant section above.
 (“the Board” or “the
 Directors”)
 Key Management               Senior executives have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group and
 Personnel ("KMP")            are members of the senior leadership team. KMP for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 are listed above.
 Total Fixed                  Total Fixed Remuneration comprises a base salary plus superannuation. This is currently positioned at the median (50th
 Remuneration ("TFR")         percentile) of the industry benchmarking report.
 Short Term Incentive         STI is the short-term incentive component of Total Remuneration. The STI usually comprises a cash payment that is only
 ("STI") and Short Term       received by the employee if specified annual goals are achieved. STIP refers to the plan under which the incentives are
 Incentive Plan (“STIP”)      granted and paid.
 Long Term Incentive          LTI is the long-term incentive component of Total Remuneration. The LTI comprises of Performance Rights, usually with a
 ("LTI") and Long term        three year vesting period that are subject to specified vesting conditions established by the Board. Further details of the
 Incentive Plan (“LTIP”)      vesting conditions associated with the performance rights are detailed in the Vesting Conditions of Performance Rights
                              section. Performance Rights cannot be exercised unless the vesting conditions have been satisfied. LTIP refers to the plan
                              under which LTIs are granted and is aimed at retaining and incentivising KMP and senior managers to achieve business
                              objectives that are aligned with shareholder interests, and are currently provided via Performance Rights.
 Total Annual                 Total Fixed Remuneration plus STI.
 Remuneration
 Total Remuneration           Total Fixed Remuneration plus STI and LTI.
 Superannuation               This is the employer contribution to an employee nominated superannuation fund required by law. The percentage
 Guarantee Charge             contribution was set at 9.5% in the reporting period and is capped in line with the SGC maximum quarterly payment.
 ("SGC")
 Employees and           The plan permits the Group, at the discretion of the Directors, to grant Options over unissued ordinary shares of the Group
 Contractors Option Plan to eligible Directors, members of staff and contractors as specified in the plan rules. The plan is currently dormant and no
 ("ECOP")                further Options will be issued under this plan.
 Employee Share Option The plan permits the Group, at the discretion of the Directors, to grant both Options and Performance Rights over unissued
 and Performance Rights ordinary shares of the Group to eligible Directors and members of staff as specified in the plan rules.
 Plan ("ESOP")
 NED Equity Plan              The plan permits the Group, at the discretion of the Board and Remuneration. Committee to issue remuneration to Non-
                              Executive Directors through Share Rights.
 Total Shareholder            TSR is the total return on an ordinary share to an investor arising from growth in the share price plus any dividends
 Return ("TSR")               received.
 Key Performance              A form of performance measurement for individual performance against a pre-defined set of goals.
 Indicators ("KPIs")
 Volume Weighted              A volume weighted average share price quote on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) measured over a specified number
 Average Share Price          of trading days. The VWAP is to be used when assessing Company performance for TSR.
 (“VWAP”)
 Fees                         Fees paid to Executive and Non-Executive Directors for services as a Director, including sub-committee fees as applicable.
 Forfeiture                   Performance rights forfeited upon cessation of employment or vesting conditions not met.




                                                                               37




168 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 Directors' Report (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Directors' Report (continued)
Evolution Mining Limited
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)

Indemnification of officers and auditors

During the financial year the Group paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors of the Group, the Group secretaries and all executive
officers of the Group and of any related body corporate against a liability incurred as such a Director, secretary or executive officer to the extent
permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.

The Group has entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access with each Director. In Summary the Deed provides for:

◦         Access to corporate records for each Director for a period after ceasing to hold office in the Group;
◦         The provision of Directors and Officers Liability Insurance; and
◦         Indemnity for legal costs incurred by Directors in carrying out the business affairs of the Group.

Except for the above the Group has not otherwise, during or since the financial year, except to the amount permitted by law, indemnified or agreed to
indemnify an officer or auditor of the Group or of any related body corporate against a liability incurred as such an officer or auditor.

Proceedings on behalf of the Group

No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the Group, or to intervene
in any proceedings to which the Group is a party, for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Group for all or part of those proceedings.

No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Group with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
Corporations Act 2001.

Non-audit services

The Group may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor's expertise and experience with
the Group and/or the Group are important.

Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for non-audit services provided during the year are set out below.
Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit services provided during the year are set out in note 29(a).

The Board of Directors has considered the position and, in accordance with advice received from the audit committee, is satisfied that the provision of
the non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The Directors are
satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor, as set out below, did not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the
Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
     ◦    all non-audit services have been reviewed by the audit committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor.
     ◦    none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for
          Professional Accountants.

During the year the following fees were paid or payable for non-audit services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited, its
related practices and non-related audit firms. Also included are fees paid or payable for non-audit services by non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms,
although these firms do not provide audit services to Evolution Mining Limited.




                                                                            38




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 169
FY21 Annual Report Directors' Report (continued)


Evolution Mining Limited

Directors' Report (continued)
Directors' Report
30 June 2021
(continued)


Non-audit services (continued)


                                                                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                                                                               $                   $


Other assurance services
PricewaterhouseCoopers firm:
    Due diligence services                                                                                                     —                  —
    Other                                                                                                                  6,560               6,891
Non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms
    Internal audit services                                                                                              217,541             149,651
    Other assurance services                                                                                              41,348                  —
Total remuneration for other assurance services                                                                          265,449             156,542


Taxation services
PricewaterhouseCoopers firm:
    Tax compliance services                                                                                               77,380             103,060
Non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms
    Tax compliance services                                                                                               67,557              44,183
    Tax advisory services                                                                                                555,348             393,762
Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                                 700,285             541,005


Total remuneration for non-audit services
Total remuneration paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                         83,940             109,951
Total remuneration paid to Non PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                    881,794             587,596
                                                                                                                         965,734             697,547


Auditor's independence declaration

                                                                                                                           page 40.
A copy of the auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on page 171

Rounding of amounts

The Group is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission relating to the 'rounding off' of amounts in the Directors' off Report have been rounded in accordance with that
ASIC Corporations Instrument to the nearest dollar.

This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors




Jacob (Jake) Klein                                                         Andrea Hall
Executive Chairman                                                         Chair of the Audit Committee

Sydney




                                                                         39




170 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                     Auditor’s Independence Declaration FY21 Annual Report




Auditor’s Independence Declaration




   Auditor’s Independence Declaration
   As lead auditor for the audit of Evolution Mining Limited for the year ended 30 June 2021, I declare
   that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

   (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
       relation to the audit; and
   (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
   This declaration is in respect of Evolution Mining Limited and the entities it controlled during the
   period.




    Marc Upcroft                                                                                               Sydney
    Partner                                                                                             19 August 2021
    PricewaterhouseCoopers




    PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
    One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
    T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
    Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
    T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 171
                                                       40
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Evolution Mining Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 30 June 2021

Statements
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                               Notes            30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                       $'000             $'000

Sales revenue                                                                                    2                 1,864,058          1,941,863
Cost of sales                                                                                    2                 (1,285,131)       (1,285,350)
Gross Profit                                                                                                          578,927           656,513


Interest income                                                                                                        1,847              3,540
Other income                                                                                     2                    12,950              4,949
Share based payments expense                                                                    28                    (11,371)          (10,691)
Corporate and other administration costs                                                         2                    (37,107)          (32,859)
Transaction and integration costs                                                                2                    (15,058)          (35,053)
Gain on sale of subsidiary                                                                                                 —             11,517
Exploration and evaluation costs expensed                                                        9                    (12,877)          (23,719)
Impairment loss on assets - Mt Carlton                                                                                    —            (144,346)
Finance costs                                                                                    2                   (21,140)           (21,261)
Profit before income tax expense                                                                                     496,172            408,590


Income tax expense                                                                               3                  (150,910)          (107,038)
Profit after income tax expense attributable to Owners of Evolution Mining Limited                                   345,262            301,552

Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
income (FVOCI) net of tax (will not be reclassified to profit or loss)                         12(b)                  (25,861)           19,958
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (may be reclassified to profit or    12(b)
loss)                                                                                                                 17,713            (47,261)
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                                 (8,148)           (27,303)
Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                            337,114            274,249


Total comprehensive income for the period is attributable to:
Owners of Evolution Mining Limited                                                                                   337,114            274,249
                                                                                                                     337,114            274,249

                                                                                                                        Cents              Cents
Earnings per share for profit attributable to Owners of Evolution Mining Limited:
Basic earnings per share                                                                         4                     20.21              17.71
Diluted earnings per share                                                                       4                     20.14              17.62




The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                            41




172 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) FY21 Annual Report




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Statements (continued)
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 30 June 2021
Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                                                             Restated1
                                                                                                    Notes             30 June 2021
                                                                                                                                          30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000               $'000
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             10                    160,062             372,592
Trade and other receivables                                                                           13                    115,742             149,040
Inventories                                                                                           15                    188,558             202,157
Total current assets                                                                                                        464,362             723,789


Non-current assets
Inventories                                                                                           15                    113,634              86,517
Equity investments at fair value                                                                     16(a)                   62,904              96,195
Property, plant and equipment                                                                          7                    989,894             683,010
Mine development and exploration                                                                       9                  2,159,989           2,073,848
Right-of-use assets                                                                                    8                     22,886              34,364
Deferred tax assets                                                                                   20                     94,917              14,114
Other non-current assets                                                                              17                     48,449              66,113
Total non-current assets                                                                                                  3,492,673           3,054,161

Total assets                                                                                                              3,957,035           3,777,950

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                              14                    190,977             190,810
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                          11                    102,843              93,453
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                       2,712               8,881
Provisions                                                                                            19                     38,448              41,947
Lease liabilities                                                                                      8                     14,418              22,000
Other Current Liabilities                                                                                                        —                6,392
Total current liabilities                                                                                                   349,398             363,482

Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                          11                    508,389             468,609
Provisions                                                                                            19                    319,396             263,998
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              20                    166,004             124,702
Lease liabilities                                                                                      8                     10,684              21,132
Other non-current liabilities                                                                         18                     68,274              72,717
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                             1,072,747             951,158
Total liabilities                                                                                                         1,422,145           1,314,640
Net assets                                                                                                                2,534,890           2,463,310

EQUITY
Issued capital                                                                                       12(a)                2,183,727           2,183,727
Reserves                                                                                             12(b)                   49,406              49,723
Retained earnings                                                                                    12(c)                  301,757             229,860
Capital and reserves attributable to owners of Evolution Mining Limited                                                   2,534,890           2,463,310
Total equity                                                                                                              2,534,890           2,463,310



1. Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
   further details.

The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                           42




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 173
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                   1
                                                                                      Fair value    Foreign
                                                            Issued       Share-based revaluation currency       Retained
                                                      Notes capital      payments     reserve      translation  earnings      Total equity
                                                            $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000        $'000         $'000
Balance at 1 July 2019                                         2,183,727       53,870       18,509            —      150,372     2,406,478
Adjustment on adoption of AASB 16 (net of tax)                        —            —             —            —         (688)         (688)
Restated total equity at the beginning of the                  2,183,727       53,870       18,509            —      149,684     2,405,790
financial year



Profit after income tax expense                                           —              —              —               —        301,552         301,552
 Changes in fair value of Equity investments at
 FVOCI net of tax                                                         —              —          19,958              —              —          19,958
 Exchange differences on translation of foreign
 operations                                                               —              —              —         (47,746)            —          (47,746)
Total comprehensive income                                                —              —          19,958        (47,746)       301,552         273,764

Transactions with owners in their capacity as
Dividends provided for or paid                           5                —              —              —               —        (221,376)      (221,376)
Recognition of share-based payments                     28                —           5,132             —               —                          5,132
                                                                          —           5,132             —               —        (221,376)      (216,244)


Balance at 30 June 2020                                           2,183,727         59,002          38,467        (47,746)       229,860       2,463,310




 Balance at 1 July 2020                                           2,183,727         59,002          38,467        (47,746)       229,860       2,463,310
Profit after income tax expense                                                         —               —              —         345,262         345,262
Changes in fair value of Equity investments at                            —             —          (25,861)                           —
FVOCI net of tax                                                                                                                                 (25,861)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign                            —              —              —          17,713              —
operations                                                                                                                                        17,713
Total comprehensive expense                                               —              —         (25,861)        17,713        345,262         337,114


Transactions with owners in their capacity as
owners:
Dividends provided for or paid                           5                —              —              —               —        (273,365)      (273,365)
Recognition of share-based payments                     28               —           7,831              —              —               —           7,831
                                                                         —           7,831              —              —         (273,365)      (265,534)
Balance at 30 June 2021                                           2,183,727         66,833          12,606        (30,033)        301,757      2,534,890




1. Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
   further details.



The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                            43




174 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited

Statements (continued)
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 30 June 2021

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                             Notes           30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                    $'000             $'000
Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                                          1,870,293        1,967,563
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                               (988,237)        (846,182)
Payments for transaction and integration costs                                                                     (15,058)         (35,052)
Other income                                                                                                         3,427            2,428
Interest received                                                                                                    1,847            4,440
Interest paid                                                                                                      (18,524)         (11,568)
Income taxes paid                                                                                                 (96,740)          (76,305)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                         6(a)            757,008         1,005,324


Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                                        (160,260)        (124,386)
Payments for mine development and exploration                                                                     (272,561)        (342,814)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                     —               317
Proceeds from contingent consideration                                                                               6,976            1,237
Proceeds from sale of subsidiary                                                                                    57,022               —
Payments for equity investments                                                                                     (1,123)          (1,500)
Payments for exploration asset acquisitions                                                                         (4,500)          (2,000)
Payments for acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                       25             (349,669)        (534,831)
Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                                        (724,115)      (1,003,977)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility                                              11              145,000          570,000
Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                                                          11              (95,000)        (300,000)
Lease liability principal payments                                                                  8              (21,422)         (12,718)
Dividends paid                                                                                      5             (273,365)        (221,376)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                                                               (244,787)          35,906

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                              (211,894)          37,253
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                             10              372,592          335,164
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                         (636)             175
Cash and cash equivalents increase at end of year                                                  10             160,062           372,592




The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                       44




                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 175
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
       Business Performance                                         177

1      Performance by Mine                                          177

2      Revenue and Expenses                                         178

3      Income tax expense                                            181

4      Earnings per share                                            181

5      Dividends                                                    182

6      Other cash flow information                                  182

       Resource Assets and Liabilities                              184

7      Property, plant and equipment                                184

8      Leases                                                       186

9      Mine development and exploration                             187

       Capital Structure, Financing and Working Capital              191

10     Cash and cash equivalents                                     191

11     Interest bearing liabilities                                  191

12     Equity and reserves                                          192

13     Trade and other receivables                                  193

14     Trade and other payables                                     194

15     Inventories                                                  195

16     Financial assets and financial liabilities                   195

17     Other non-current assets                                     196

18     Other non-current liabilities                                196

19     Provisions                                                   197

20     Deferred tax balances                                        199

       Risk and unrecognised items                                  201

21     Financial risk management                                    201

22     Contingent liabilities and contingent assets                 204

23     Commitments                                                  204

24     Events occurring after the reporting period                  205

       Other Disclosures                                            206

25     Business Combinations                                        206

26     Ernest Henry Operation                                       208

27     Related party transactions                                   209

28     Share-based payments                                         209

29     Remuneration of auditors                                     212

30     Deed of cross guarantee                                      212

31     Interests in other entities                                  213

32     Parent entity financial information                          214

33     Summary of significant accounting policies                   215

34     New accounting standards                                     215



176 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

Business Performance
This section highlights the key indicators on how the Group performed during the year.

1 Performance by Mine
(a)   Description of segments

The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Executive Chairman and the Senior
Leadership Team (the chief business decision makers) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources.

The Group’s operational mine sites and exploration are each treated as individual operating segments. Management monitors the operating results of
its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

Corporate includes share-based payment expenses and other corporate expenditures supporting the business during the year.

Segment performance is evaluated based on earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA). EBITDA also excludes financial
items not considered to be contributing to underlying profit such as fair value amortisation expenses and transaction and integration costs.

The Group’s operations are conducted in the mining industry in Australia and Canada. Red Lake and Battle North Gold are in Canada, and the
revenue generated by Red Lake is outside of Australia.
(b)   Segment information

The segment information for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:


                                                                    Mt       Ernest
                          Cowal      Mungari Mt Carlton        Rawdon         Henry      Red Lake    Cracow Exploration Corporate             Total
                           $'000       $'000      $'000          $'000         $'000        $'000      $'000      $'000     $'000             $'000
Revenue                  495,792     278,162   168,597         187,717      439,513       294,277         —          —                    1,864,058
EBITDA                   288,173     138,602    33,620          83,250      318,606        97,079         —     (12,877)  (32,218)          914,235
Sustaining Capital        12,876      20,526        965          9,307       14,221        46,773         —          —      1,016           105,684
Major Capital            157,546      52,481     5,136          12,713            —        46,265         —          —         —            274,141
Total Capital            170,422      73,007     6,102          22,021       14,221        93,037         —          —      1,016           379,826




The segment information for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2020 is as follows:


                                                                   Mt        Ernest                            Explorati
                          Cowal    Mungari     Mt Carlton     Rawdon         Henry       Red Lake    Cracow          on     Corporate         Total
                           $'000     $'000          $'000       $'000         $'000         $'000      $'000      $'000         $'000         $'000
Revenue                 618,630     297,401       167,383      195,156     391,017         76,389    195,887          —             —     1,941,863
EBITDA                  369,637     154,092        75,584       79,210     270,999         28,004    111,398     (23,719)      (35,773)   1,029,432
Sustaining Capital       11,920      12,480        16,100        9,960      11,200          6,600     13,310          —          1,810       83,380
Major Capital           169,310      14,190        65,380       12,090          —          14,270     12,350          —             —       287,590
Total Capital           181,230      26,670        81,480       22,050      11,200         20,870     25,660          —          1,810      370,970




                                                                          46




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 177
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Statements (continued)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)
1 Performance by Mine (continued)
(c) Segment reconciliation
                                                                                                                     30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                            $'000             $'000
Reconciliation of profit before income tax expense
EBITDA                                                                                                                     914,235        1,029,432
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                             (383,712)        (435,239)
Impairment loss on assets - Mt Carlton                                                                                          —          (144,346)
Interest income                                                                                                              1,847            3,540
Transaction and integration costs                                                                                          (15,058)          (35,053)
Finance costs                                                                                                              (21,140)          (21,261)
Gain on sale of subsidiary                                                                                                      —             11,517
Profit before income tax expense                                                                                           496,172          408,590


Recognition and measurement

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief business decision maker.

The Board of Evolution Mining Limited has appointed a strategic steering committee which assesses the financial performance and position of the
Group, and makes strategic decisions. The steering committee, which has been identified as being the chief business decision maker, consists of the
Executive Chairman and the Senior Leadership Team (KMP).

(d) Segment non-current assets

Segment non-current assets disclosed below are amounts expected to be recovered more than 12 months after the reporting period, excluding
financial instruments, deferred tax assets and post-employment benefit assets. Segment non-current assets are aggregated on a geographical basis.


                                                                                                   Australia              Canada               Total
                                                                                                      $'000                 $'000              $'000
As at 30 June 2021
Inventory                                                                                           113,634                   —             113,634
Property, Plant & Equipment                                                                         574,135              415,759            989,894
Mine Development & Properties                                                                     1,582,712              577,277          2,159,989
Right of use asset                                                                                   17,280                5,606             22,886
Other                                                                                                47,995                  454             48,449
Total segment non-current assets                                                                  2,335,756              999,096          3,334,852




2 Revenue and Expenses
                                                                                                                     30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                              $'000            $'000
Revenue from contracts with customers
Gold sales                                                                                                               1,604,997        1,738,131
Silver sales                                                                                                                22,127           15,833
Copper sales                                                                                                               236,934          187,899
Total Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                              1,864,058        1,941,863




                                                                          47




178 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

2 Revenue and Expenses (continued)

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                          Ernest
                                                 Cowal       Mungari     Mt Carlton Mt Rawdon             Henry       Red Lake        Cracow            Total
                                                  $'000        $'000          $'000      $'000             $'000         $'000          $'000           $'000
30 June 2021
Gold sales                                     490,993       277,791        135,470       184,477        222,400        293,865             —      1,604,997
Silver sales                                     4,800            371        10,575          3,239         2,731            413             —         22,127
Copper sales                                        —              —         22,553             —        214,382             —              —        236,934
Total Revenue from contracts with
customers                                      495,792       278,162        168,597       187,717        439,513        294,277             —      1,864,058



                                                                                                         Ernest
                                              Cowal       Mungari       Mt Carlton    Mt Rawdon          Henry       Red Lake         Cracow            Total
                                               $'000        $'000            $'000         $'000          $'000         $'000           $'000           $'000
30 June 2020
Gold sales                                  614,199        297,091        146,657        192,865        215,998         76,333        194,988      1,738,131
Silver sales                                  4,431            310          6,592          2,291          1,254             56            899         15,833
Copper sales                                     —              —          14,134             —         173,765                            —         187,899
Total Revenue from contracts
with customers                              618,630        297,401        167,383        195,156        391,017         76,389        195,887      1,941,863

Revenues of $217.1 million (30 June 2020: $175.0 million) which relate to copper and silver sales are derived from a single external customer. The other
major customers include refineries and financial institutions.


Recognition and measurement - revenue from contracts with customers

The Group generates sales revenue primarily from the performance obligation to deliver goods such as gold and concentrate to the buyer. Revenue
from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods are transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

For gold doré sales, revenue is recognised at the point where the doré leaves the gold room at the Group's mine site to the buyer or where gold
metal credits are transferred to the customer's account. In relation to the Group's economic interest in Ernest Henry (note 26) gold sales are
recognised when the metal is received from Glencore and sold by the Group.

For concentrate sales, revenue is recognised generally upon receipt of the bill of lading when the commodity is delivered for shipment. Copper and
silver in concentrates sales in relation to the Group's economic interest in Ernest Henry (note 26) are recognised as accrued revenue in the same
month as their production is reported as the production is in the control of the customer. The transaction price for each contract is allocated entirely to
this performance obligation.

The terms of metal in concentrate sales contracts with third parties, contain provisional pricing arrangements whereby the final selling price for metal
in concentrate is based on prevailing average monthly prices on a specified future period after shipment to the customer (quotation period).
Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in quoted market prices up to the final settlement price specified in the sales contracts.
The period between provisional invoicing and final settlement is typically one to three months. Revenue on provisionally priced sales is recognised
based on the estimated fair value of the total consideration receivable.

Accounting estimates and judgements

Timing of Revenue Recognition - Ernest Henry Operation

The Group applied significant judgement as to when gold, silver and copper revenue should be recognised from the Ernest Henry Mine. Gold sales
are recognised by the Group when the bullion is delivered to the Group’s gold account and sold in the third month after the month of production.
Copper and silver sales are recognised as accrued revenue by the Group in the same month as their production is reported by the operator
Glencore. Copper and silver is sold in accordance with the Offtake Agreement with Glencore where the metal is sold immediately following treatment
and refining and is paid for in cash.




                                                                              48




                                                                                                   Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 179
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes       to
Evolution Miningthe
                 LimitedConsolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June
(continued)
                           2021


2 Revenue and Expenses (continued)

                                                                                                                      30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                             $'000               $'000
Other Income
Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                                    11,031                2,631
Other                                                                                                                         1,919                2,318
Total Other Income                                                                                                           12,950                4,949



                                                                                                                      30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                             $'000               $'000
Cost of sales
Mine operating costs                                                                                                        841,170             777,584
Royalty and other selling costs                                                                                              63,558              75,353
Depreciation and amortisation expense (i)                                                                                   380,403             432,413
                                                                                                                          1,285,131           1,285,350

Corporate and other administration costs
Corporate overheads                                                                                                          33,798              30,033
Depreciation and amortisation expense (i)                                                                                     3,309               2,826
                                                                                                                             37,107              32,859


Transaction and integration costs
Contractor, consultants and advisory expense                                                                                  9,736              15,161
Corporate and administration expense                                                                                          5,322              19,892
                                                                                                                             15,058              35,053


Finance costs
Amortisation of debt establishment costs                                                                                      2,204                6,734
Unwinding of discount on provisions                                                                                             413                1,812
Interest expense unwinding - lease liability                                                                                  1,150                1,147
Interest expense                                                                                                             17,374              11,568
                                                                                                                             21,140              21,261


Depreciation and amortisation
Cost of sales (excluding Ernest Henry) (i)                                                                                  250,554             306,357
Cost of sales (Ernest Henry)                                                                                                129,849             126,056
Corporate and other administration costs (i)                                                                                  3,309                2,826
                                                                                                                            383,712             435,239


 (i) The fair value amortisation or unwind associated with the Cowal and Mungari non-current assets on historical acquisition is now reported under
      depreciation and amortisation. This has also been reflected in the comparative figures. The Group similarly uses the units of production basis when
      amortising these assets. Depreciation arising from Right-of-use assets (AASB 16) has also been classified here.




                                                                           49




180 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


3 Income tax expense
(a) Income tax expense

                                                                                                                          30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                 $'000           $'000
 Current tax on profits for the period                                                                                         94,003           89,548
 Deferred tax                                                                                                                  57,315           18,358
 Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                                                    (408)            (868)
 Total                                                                                                                        150,910          107,038


(b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                                                                                                                          30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                 $'000           $'000
 Profit before income tax                                                                                                     496,172          408,590
 Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30%                                                                                        148,852          122,577


 Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
    Derecognise deferred tax liability on sale of subsidiary                                                                       —             (5,347)
    Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                                                 (408)             (868)
    Share-based payments                                                                                                        3,411             3,207
    Gain on sale of subsidiary                                                                                                     —             (3,455)
      Previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                                        (1,461)          (6,769)
      Other                                                                                                                     (1,039)         (2,307)
    Adjustment for difference between Australian and overseas tax rates                                                         1,555               —
 Income tax expense                                                                                                           150,910          107,038



4 Earnings per share
(a) Earnings per share

                                                                                                                      30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                             Cents               Cents

 Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                               20.21             17.71
 Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                                             20.14             17.62

(b) Earnings used in calculating earnings per share

                                                                                                                          30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                 $'000            $'000
 Earnings per share used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:
 Profit after income tax attributable to the owners of the parent                                                             345,262          301,552

(c) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator

                                                                                                                      2021 Number         2020 Number


 Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating the basic earnings per share                          1,708,094,924       1,702,328,240
 Effect of dilutive securities (i)                                                                                           6,248,654       8,718,718
 Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating the diluted earnings per share               1,714,343,578       1,711,046,958

(i)          Performance rights and share rights have been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share.




                                                                            50




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 181
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
(continued)

Statements (continued)
5 Dividends
(a)       Ordinary shares


                                                                                                                    30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                           $'000               $'000
Interim dividend - 2021 Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of 7.0 cents per share fully franked
(30 June 2020: 7.0 cents per share fully franked) per fully paid share paid on 26 March 2021                              119,606             119,552
Final dividend - 2020
Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2020 of 9.0 cents per share fully franked (30 June 2019: 6.0 cents
per share fully franked) paid on 22 September 2020                                                                        153,759             101,824
Total dividend paid                                                                                                       273,365             221,376

(b)       Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period


                                                                                                                    30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                           $'000               $'000
In addition to the above dividends, since period end the Directors have recommended the payment of a fully
franked final dividend of 5.0 cents per fully paid ordinary share (30 June 2020: 9.0 cents fully franked). The
aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid on 28 September 2021 out of retained
earnings at 30 June 2021, but not recognised as a liability at period end, is                                              91,300             153,404

(c)       Franked dividends

The final dividend recommended after 30 June 2021 will be fully franked out of the franking credits balance at the end of the financial year and the
franking credits expected to arise from the payment of income tax during the year ending 30 June 2022. The franking account balance at the end of the
financial year is $1.3 million (30 June 2020: $20.7 million).


6 Other cash flow information
(a) Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities
                                                                                                                    30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                             $'000               $'000

Profit after income tax                                                                                                   345,262             301,552
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                             383,712             435,239
Loss on disposal of assets                                                                                                  1,508                  —
Unwind of discount on provisions                                                                                               —                2,959
Amortisation of debt establishment costs                                                                                       —                6,734
Share-based payments expense                                                                                               10,085               6,933
Gain on sale of subsidiary                                                                                                     —              (11,517)
Exploration and evaluation costs expensed                                                                                  12,877              23,719
Impairment loss on assets                                                                                                      —              144,346
Timing difference on settlement of Ernest Henry sales/costs                                                                    —               (1,011)
Income tax expense                                                                                                        150,910             107,038
Tax Payments                                                                                                              (96,740)            (76,305)
Change in operating assets and liabilities:
    (Increase) in operating receivables                                                                                     (8,112)            (2,343)
    (Increase)/Decrease in inventories                                                                                     (12,044)            27,529
      (Decrease)/Increase in operating payables                                                                            (29,393)            14,314
      (Decrease) in borrowing costs                                                                                           (829)            (8,106)
     (Decrease)/Increase in other provisions                                                                                 (226)             34,243
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                 757,008           1,005,324




                                                                           51




182 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


6 Other cash flow information (continued)

(b) Net (debt)/cash reconciliation

This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net (debt)/cash for each of the periods presented.


                                                                                                                        30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000           $'000
Net debt
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    160,062        372,592
Bank loans                                                                                                                  (620,000)       (570,000)
Net (debt)/cash                                                                                                             (459,938)       (197,408)


                                                                                                                        30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000           $'000
Net (debt)/cash at the beginning of the year                                                                                (197,408)        35,164
     Cash (outflow) inflow                                                                                                  (211,894)        37,253
     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                              (636)           175
     Bank loan drawdown                                                                                                     (145,000)       (570,000)
     Bank loan repayment                                                                                                      95,000         300,000
Net (debt) as at end of the year                                                                                            (459,938)       (197,408)




                                                                           52




                                                                                              Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 183
 FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

Resource Assets and Liabilities
This section provides information that is relevant to understanding the composition and management of the Group's assets and liabilities.



7 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                            Plant and
                                                                                                   Freehold land           equipment                 Total
                                                                                                           $'000                $'000                $'000


 At 1 July 2020
 Cost                                                                                                      19,220           2,377,804           2,397,024
 Accumulated depreciation                                                                                      —           (1,714,014)          (1,714,014)
 Net carrying amount                                                                                       19,220             663,790              683,010


 Year ended 30 June 2021
 Carrying amount at the beginning of the year (i)                                                          19,220             663,790             683,010
 Additions                                                                                                     —              160,260             160,260
 Amounts acquired in a business combination                                                                    —              235,914             235,914
 Reclassifications                                                                                             —                  626                 626
 Disposals                                                                                                     —               (1,508)             (1,508)
 Depreciation (ii)                                                                                             —              (98,632)            (98,632)
 Exchange differences taken to reserve                                                                         18              10,205              10,223
 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                    19,238             970,656             989,894


 At 30 June 2021
 Cost                                                                                                      19,238           2,319,065           2,338,303
 Accumulated depreciation                                                                                      —           (1,348,409)          (1,348,409)
 Net carrying amount                                                                                       19,238             970,656              989,894

 Included in above
 Assets in the course of construction                                                                           —             202,856             202,856




(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
      further details.

(ii) The fair value amortisation or unwind associated with the Cowal and Mungari non-current assets on historical acquisition is now reported under
       depreciation and amortisation. This has also been reflected in the comparative figures. The Group similarly uses the units of production basis when
       amortising these assets.




                                                                            53




 184 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report


Evolution Mining Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021

Statements (continued)
(continued)



7 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

                                                                                                                                Plant and
                                                                                                      Freehold land            equipment                  Total
                                                                                                              $'000                 $'000                 $'000
At 1 July 2019
Cost                                                                                                          17,529            1,682,343            1,699,872
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                          —            (1,122,819)          (1,122,819)
Net carrying amount                                                                                           17,529              559,524              577,053


Year ended 30 June 2020
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                  17,529              559,524              577,053
Additions                                                                                                         —               124,386              124,386
Amounts acquired in a business combination (i)                                                                  4,757             151,230              155,987
Disposals                                                                                                         (59)               (258)                (317)
Depreciation                                                                                                      —               (87,921)             (87,921)
Impairment                                                                                                        —               (40,531)             (40,531)
Exchange differences taken to reserve                                                                           (314)              (9,989)             (10,302)
Divestment of Cracow                                                                                          (2,693)             (32,652)             (35,345)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                        19,220              663,790              683,010


At 30 June 2020
Cost                                                                                                          19,220            2,377,804            2,397,024
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                          —            (1,714,014)          (1,714,014)
Net carrying amount                                                                                           19,220              663,790              683,010


Included in above
Assets in the course of construction                                                                               —              116,338              116,338

(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
      further details.

Recognition and measurement

Cost
Plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Cost equals the the amount of cash or cash equivalents paid or
the fair value of the other consideration given at acquisition date and includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items and
an estimate of future restoration costs specific to the asset.. Freehold land is carried at cost.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for
as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the Statement of Profit or Loss during the
reporting period in which they are incurred.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or otherwise disposed of, or when its use is expected to bring no future
economic benefits. Any gain or loss from derecognising the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss in the period the item is derecognised.

Depreciation
Depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated using either the straight line or units of production method to allocate their cost, net of their residual
values, over their estimated useful lives. The rates range from 20% to 33% per annum for straight line or on a units of production basis in line with the
economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which the item is located. Freehold land is not depreciated.

Accounting estimates and judgements

Estimation of remaining useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods involve significant judgement and are reviewed annually for all major
items of plant and equipment. Any changes are accounted for prospectively from the date of reassessment to the end of the revised useful life.




                                                                               54




                                                                                                   Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 185
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


8 Leases
This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                           30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $'000               $'000
Right-of-use assets
Plant and Machinery                                                                                                               19,202             29,116
Property                                                                                                                           3,673              5,223
Office Equipment                                                                                                                      11                 25
Total Right-of-use assets                                                                                                         22,886             34,364


                                                                                                                           30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $'000               $'000
Lease Liabilities
Current                                                                                                                            14,418            22,000
Non-current                                                                                                                        10,684            21,132
Total Lease Liabilities                                                                                                            25,102            43,132



The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                                           30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $'000               $'000
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
Plant and Machinery                                                                                                               14,284            10,171
Property                                                                                                                           1,353             1,550
Office Equipment                                                                                                                      14                36
Total depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                                                  15,651            11,757


                                                                                                                           30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $'000               $'000
Other Items
Interest expense                                                                                                                   1,150             1,147
Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                                              1,897             4,236
Total Other Items                                                                                                                  3,047             5,383
The total cash outflow in the current year was $24.5 million including interest and short-term lease payments.

The tables below analyse the Group's lease liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities.


                                                       Less than         Between 1        Between 2               Over 5               Total       Carrying
                                                         1 year          and 2 years      and 5 years              years         contractual        amount
                                                         $'000              $'000            $'000                 $'000         cash flows           $'000
                                                                                                                                      $'000
 At 30 June 2021
Lease liabilities                                            14,973               3,620          3,439             5,460             27,492         25,102




                                                                             55




186 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
(continued)

Statements (continued)
9 Mine development and exploration

                                                                                        Producing mines        Exploration and               Total
                                                                                                                    evaluation
                                                                                                     $'000                 $'000             $'000
 At 1 July 2020
 Cost                                                                                           4,518,777               347,126         4,865,903
 Accumulated depreciation                                                                      (2,792,055)                   —         (2,792,055)
 Net carrying amount                                                                            1,726,722               347,126         2,073,848

 Year ended 30 June 2021
 Carrying amount at the beginning of the year (i)                                               1,726,722               347,126         2,073,848
 Additions                                                                                        259,909                60,732           320,641
 Amounts acquired in a business combination                                                         8,266                33,661            41,927
 Transfers to Mine Development and Exploration                                                      1,285                (1,285)               —
 Amortisation (ii)                                                                               (274,619)                    —          (274,619)
 Amortisation recognised in inventory                                                               4,055                     —             4,055
 Reclassifications                                                                                    936                     —               936
 Write-off                                                                                             —                 (12,874)         (12,874)
 Exchange differences taken to reserve                                                              3,781                  2,294            6,075
 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                         1,730,335               429,654         2,159,989

 At 30 June 2021
 Cost                                                                                           3,870,426               429,654         4,300,080
 Accumulated amortisation                                                                      (2,140,091)                   —         (2,140,091)
 Net carrying amount                                                                            1,730,335               429,654         2,159,989



(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
      further details.
(ii) The fair value amortisation or unwind associated with the Cowal and Mungari non-current assets on historical acquisition is now reported under
       depreciation and amortisation. This has also been reflected in the comparative figures. The Group similarly uses the units of production basis when
       amortising these assets.




                                                                             56




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 187
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

 Evolution Mining Limited
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 For the year ended 30 June 2021
 (continued)
Statements (continued)
 9 Mine development and exploration (continued)

                                                                                       Producing mines Exploration and evaluation                    Total
                                                                                                 $'000                      $'000                    $'000
At 1 July 2019
Cost                                                                                            3,253,088                        212,410         3,465,498
Accumulated depreciation                                                                       (1,793,430)                            —         (1,793,430)
Net carrying amount                                                                             1,459,658                        212,410         1,672,068

Year ended 30 June 2020
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                    1,459,658                        212,410        1,672,068
Additions                                                                                         262,006                         82,808          344,814
Amounts acquired in business combination (i)                                                     482,176                          97,200          579,376
Transfers to Mine Development and Exploration                                                      8,172                          (8,172)              —
Reclassifications                                                                                      —                          (2,900)           (2,900)
Write-off                                                                                            (985)                       (23,719)          (24,704)
Amortisation                                                                                     (297,724)                             —          (297,724)
Impairment                                                                                        (95,500)                             —           (95,500)
Exchange differences taken to reserve                                                             (41,596)                         (2,618)         (44,214)
Amortisation recognised in inventory                                                               (1,150)                            —            (1,150)
Divestment of Cracow                                                                              (48,335)                        (7,883)         (56,218)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                          1,726,722                        347,126        2,073,848


At 30 June 2020
Cost                                                                                            4,518,777                        347,126         4,865,903
Accumulated depreciation                                                                       (2,792,055)                            —         (2,792,055)
Net carrying amount                                                                             1,726,722                        347,126         2,073,848


(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
       further details.

Recognition and measurement

 Mines under construction
 This expenditure includes net direct costs of construction, borrowing costs capitalised during construction and an appropriate allocation of attributable
 overheads. Expenditure is net of proceeds from the sale of ore extracted during the construction phase to the extent that this ore extracted is considered
 material to the development of the mine.

 After production commences, all aggregated costs of construction are transferred to producing mines or plant and equipment as appropriate.

 Producing mines - deferred stripping
 Stripping (waste removal) costs are incurred both during the development phase and production phase of operations. Stripping costs incurred during the
 development phase are capitalised as mines under construction. Stripping costs incurred during the production phase are generally considered to create
 two benefits:

 ◦         the production of ore inventory in the period - accounted for as a part of the cost of producing those ore inventories; or
 ◦         improved access to the ore to be mined in the future - recognised under producing mines if the following criteria are met:
 ◦         Future economic benefits (being improved access to the ore body) associated with the stripping activity are probable;
 ◦         The component of the ore body for which access has been improved can be accurately identified; and
 ◦         The costs associated with the stripping activity associated with that component can be reliably measured.

 The amount of stripping costs deferred is based on the life of component ratio which is obtained by dividing the amount of waste tonnes mined by the
 quantity of gold ounces contained in the ore for each component of the mine. Stripping costs incurred in the period are deferred to the extent that the
 actual current period waste to contained gold ounce ratio exceeds the life of component expected 'life of component' ratio.

 A component is defined as a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping activity and is determined based on mine
 plans. An identified component of the ore body is typically a subset of the total ore body of the mine. Each mine may have several components, which
 are identified based on the mine plan.


                                                                              57




188 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


9 Mine development and exploration (continued)

Recognition and measurement (continued)

The deferred stripping asset is initially measured at cost, which is the accumulation of costs directly incurred to perform the stripping activity that
improves access to the ore within an identified component, plus an allocation of directly attributable overhead costs.

The deferred stripping asset is depreciated over the expected useful life of the identified component of the ore body that is made more accessible by the
activity, on a units of production basis. Economically recoverable reserves are used to determine the expected useful life of the identified component of
the ore body.

Exploration and evaluation
Exploration and evaluation expenditure related to areas of interest is capitalised and carried forward to the extent that rights to tenure of the area of
interest are current and either:

◦         Costs are expected to be recouped through the successful development and exploitation of the area of interest or alternatively by sale; or
◦          Where activities in the area of interest have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of
          economically recoverable reserves, and active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.

Such expenditure consists of an accumulation of acquisition costs and direct exploration and evaluation costs incurred, together with an appropriate
portion of directly related overhead expenditure.

The carrying value of capitalised exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying
value may exceed its recoverable amount. Any amounts in excess of the recoverable amount are derecognised in the financial year it is determined.

Depreciation and amortisation
The Group uses the units of production basis when amortising mine development assets which results in an amortisation charge proportional to the
depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life has due regard to both its physical life limitations and to present
assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which it is located. The changes in ore reserves and mineral resources
driving the remaining life of mine production are accounted for prospectively when amortising existing mine development assets.

Impairment of non-financial assets
(i)       Testing for impairment
At each reporting date, the Group tests its assets for impairment where there is an indication that:

•         the asset may be impaired; or
•         previously recognised impairment (on assets other than goodwill) may have changed.

Where the asset does not generate cash inflows independent from other assets and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value, the
asset is tested for impairment as part of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which it belongs. The Group considers each of its mine sites to be a separate
CGU.

If the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount and an
impairment loss recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is determined as the higher of its fair value
less costs of disposal or value in use.

(ii)      Impairment calculations
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, a discounted cash
flow model is used based on a methodology consistent with that applied by the Group in determining the value of potential acquisition targets,
maximising the use of market observed inputs. These calculations, classified as Level 3 on the fair value hierarchy, are compared to valuation multiples,
or other fair value indicators where available, to ensure reasonableness.

Accounting estimates and judgements

Deferred stripping
The life of component ratio is a function of the mine design and therefore changes to that design will generally result in changes to the ratio. Changes in
other technical or economic parameters that impact reserves will also have an impact on the life of component ratio even if they do not affect the mine
design. Changes to production stripping resulting from a change in life of component ratios are accounted for prospectively.

Exploration and evaluation
Judgement is required to determine whether future economic benefits are likely, from either exploitation or sale, or whether activities have not reached a
stage that permits a reasonable assessment of the existence of reserves. In addition to these judgements, the Group has to make certain estimates and
assumptions such as the determination of a JORC resource which is itself an estimation process that involves varying degrees of uncertainty depending
on how the resources are classified (i.e. measured, indicated or inferred). These estimates directly impact when the Group capitalises exploration and
evaluation expenditure. The capitalisation policy requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and
circumstances, in particular, the assessment of whether economic quantities of reserves will be found. Any such estimates and assumptions may change
as new information becomes available.


                                                                              58




                                                                                                  Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 189
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


9 Mine development and exploration (continued)

Accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

Exploration and evaluation (continued)

The recoverable amount of capitalised expenditure relating to undeveloped mining projects (projects for which the decision to mine has not yet been
approved at the required authorisation level within the Group) can be particularly sensitive to variations in key estimates and assumptions. If a variation
in key estimates or assumptions has a negative impact on recoverable amount it could result in a requirement for impairment.

Units of production method of amortisation
The Group uses the units of production basis when amortising mine development assets which results in an amortisation charge proportional to the
depletion of the anticipated remaining life of mine production. Each item's economic life, which is assessed annually, has due regard to both its physical
life limitations and to present assessments of economically recoverable reserves of the mine property at which it is located. These calculations require
the use of estimates and assumptions. The changes in ore reserves and mineral resources driving the remaining life of mine production are accounted
for prospectively when amortising existing mine development assets.

Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The Group estimates its Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources annually at 31 December each year and reports in the following February, based on
information compiled by Competent Persons as defined in accordance with the Australasian code for reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
and Ore Resources (JORC Code 2012). The estimated quantities of economically recoverable reserves are based upon interpretations of geological
models and require assumptions to be made regarding factors such as estimates of short and long-term exchange rates, estimates of short and long-
term commodity prices, future capital requirements and future operating performance. Changes in reported reserves estimates can impact the carrying
amount of mine development (including exploration and evaluation assets), the provision for rehabilitation obligations, the recognition of deferred tax
assets, as well as the amount of amortisation charged to the statement of profit or loss.

Impairment
Significant judgements, estimates and assumptions are required in determining value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. This is particularly so in
the assessment of long life assets. It should be noted that the CGU recoverable amounts are subject to variability in key assumptions including, but not
limited to, gold and copper prices, currency exchange rates, discount rates, production profiles and operating and capital costs. A change in one or more
of the assumptions used to determine value in use or fair value less costs of disposal could result in a change in a CGU's recoverable amount.

The Group has considered whether past impairment losses should be reversed given the expectation of continued improved earnings in relation to those
CGUs.




                                                                             59




190 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes
Notes to theto  the Consolidated
Evolution Mining Limited
             Consolidated Financial Statements Financial

Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

Capital Structure and Financing
This section provides information on the Group's capital and financial management activities.


10 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                            30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                   $'000               $'000
Current assets
Cash at bank                                                                                                                      160,062             372,592
Total Current assets                                                                                                              160,062             372,592
Recognition and measurement

Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and short term deposits with an original maturity of three months
or less and are classified as financial assets held at amortised cost.

Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of between one day
and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.


11 Interest bearing liabilities

                                                                                                                            30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                   $'000               $'000
Current liabilities
Bank loans                                                                                                                        105,000                  95,000
Less: Borrowing costs                                                                                                              (2,157)                 (1,547)
Total Current liabilities                                                                                                         102,843                  93,453


Non-current liabilities
Bank loans                                                                                                                        515,000             475,000
Less: Borrowing costs                                                                                                              (6,611)             (6,391)
Total Non-current liabilities                                                                                                     508,389             468,609


During the year, the Group drew down $145.0 million on the Revolving Facility (“Facility A”) to partly fund the Battle North Gold acquisition. The Group
also entered into a new Guarantee Facility of $50.0 million during the half-year and was increased to $55.0 million at 30 June 2021. A total of $95.0
million was repaid on the Term Loan Facility (”Facility B”) during the year. No changes were made to the existing Performance Bond Facility (“Facility C”)
and Performance Bond Facility (“Facility D”).

The Group also entered into a new Term Loan Facility ("Facility E") of $440.0 million which remains undrawn as at 30 June 2021.

The repayment periods, facility size and amounts drawn at 30 June 2021 on each facility are set out below:


Facility Name                                                             Term Date       Facility Size        Amount Drawn        Available Amount
                                                                                                    $m                   $m                     $m
Revolving Credit Facility – Facility A - $m                             31 Mar 2023             $360.0                   $145.0                 $215.0
Term Loan – Facility B - $m                                             15 Jan 2025             $570.0                   $570.0                   $0.0
Term Loan – Facility E - $m                                             15 Apr 2026             $440.0                     $0.0                 $440.0
Performance Bond – Facility C $m                                        31 Mar 2023             $175.0                   $151.8                  $23.2
Performance Bond – Facility D C$m                                       31 Mar 2023             $125.0                    $66.2                  $58.8
Guarantee Facility - $m                                                  30 Oct 2021             $55.0                    $55.0                   $0.0

(a) Secured liabilities and assets pledged as security

Lease liabilities are effectively secured as the rights to the leased assets recognised in the financial statements revert to the lessor in the event of
default.




                                                                              60




                                                                                                   Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 191
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes       to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

11 Interest bearing liabilities (continued)
Recognition and measurement

Interest bearing liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs incurred and subsequently measured at
amortised cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised.


12 Equity and reserves
(a)   Contributed equity

Movements in ordinary share capital
Ordinary shares are fully-paid and have no par value. They carry one vote per share and the rights to dividends. They bear no special terms or
conditions affecting income or capital entitlements of the shareholders and are classified as equity.
                                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                                 shares                    $'000


 Balance at 1 July 2019                                                                                                    1,697,069,720             2,183,727
 Shares issued on vesting of performance rights                                                                                6,944,027                    —
 Shares issued under Employee Share Scheme (i)                                                                                   337,690                    —
 Shares issued under NED Equity Plan                                                                                              62,538                    —
 Balance as at 30 June 2020                                                                                                1,704,413,975             2,183,727

 Shares issued on vesting of performance rights                                                                                 4,019,532                     —
 Shares issued under Employee Share Scheme (i)                                                                                   179,733                    —
 Shares issued under NED Equity Plan                                                                                              53,845                    —
 Balance as at 30 June 2021                                                                                                1,708,667,085             2,183,727

(i)         Information relating to the employee share scheme, including details of shares issued under the scheme, is set out in note 28.

Recognition and measurement

Ordinary share capital is classified as equity and is recognised at the fair value of the consideration received by the Group. Incremental costs directly
attributable to the issue of new shares, options or performance rights are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

(b)   Other reserves
                                                                                                                            30 June 2021         30 June 2020
                                                                                                         Notes                     $'000                $'000

 Fair value revaluation reserve                                                                                                    12,606                38,467
 Share-based payments                                                                                                               66,833                59,002
 Foreign currency translation                                                                                                      (30,033)              (47,261)
                                                                                                                                    49,406                50,208
 Movements:
 Fair value revaluation reserve
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                            38,467               18,509
    Change in fair value of equity investments                                                            16(a)                    (25,861)              19,958
 Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                     12,606               38,467

 Share-based payments
    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                           59,002                53,870
    Share based payments recognised                                                                                                 7,831                 5,132
 Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                    66,833                59,002




                                                                               61




192 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes       to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

12 Equity and reserves (continued)
(b)   Other reserves (continued)
                                                                                                                                                Restated1
                                                                                                                       30 June 2021          30 June 2020
                                                                                                           Notes              $'000                     $'000
Foreign currency translation
   Balance at the beginning of the year (i)                                                                                  (47,746)                      —
   Currency translation differences arising during the year                                                                   17,713                  (47,746)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                               (30,033)                 (47,746)

(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
further details.
Nature and purpose of other reserves
Fair value revaluation reserve
The fair value revaluation reserve records fair value changes on equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Share-based payments
The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees, including Non-
Executive Directors, Executive Directors, key management personnel and other Group employees as part of their remuneration. Refer to note 25 for
further information.

Foreign currency translation
The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign
subsidiaries.

(c) Retained earnings

Movements in retained earnings were as follows:


                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000               $'000


Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                           229,860             150,372
Adjustment on adoption of AASB 16 (net of tax)                                                                                      —                 (688)
Dividends provided for or paid                                                                                                (273,365)           (221,376)
Net profit for the period                                                                                                     345,262                 301,552
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                301,757                 229,860




13 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000               $'000
Current assets
Accrued Revenue                                                                                                                 58,088                 49,478
Trade receivables                                                                                                               21,207                 14,614
GST refundable                                                                                                                   6,172                 12,326
Prepayments                                                                                                                     10,752                  8,510
Other receivables                                                                                                              19,523                  64,112
Total Current assets                                                                                                          115,742                 149,040




                                                                            62




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 193
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


13 Trade and other receivables (continued)

Recognition and measurement

Accrued Revenue
Accrued revenue of $58.1 million (30 June 2020: $49.5 million) is measured at fair value through profit or loss, and relates to silver and copper sales
from April to June 2021 production for Ernest Henry. Fair value is determined using observable market data for estimated metal prices (level 2 valuation
methodology). These amounts are to be settled in July to September 2021. Refer to note 2 for further information on the transaction and the financial
results for the year ended 30 June 2021.

Trade receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are
recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. Trade
receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current.

A portion of the trade receivable balance relates to concentrate sales at Mt Carlton, which are provisionally priced based on fair value during the
quotation period until the final settlement price is determined. Fair value is determined using observable market data for estimated metal prices (level 2
valuation methodology). Trade receivables post final settlement are carried at final settlement price less provision for impairment.


Other receivables
These amounts are measured at amortised cost and generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. They do not
contain impaired assets and are not past due.

In FY21, net proceeds of $57.0 million was received from Cracow divestment. $14.2 million deferred consideration receivable was reclassified from other
non-current assets to other receivables as it is due to be received in June 2022.



14 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000               $'000
Current liabilities
Trade creditors and accruals                                                                                                   142,376             151,631
Other payables (i)                                                                                                              48,601              39,179
Total Current liabilities                                                                                                      190,977             190,810


(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
further details.

Recognition and measurement

Trade creditors and accruals
Trade creditors and accruals represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year which are unpaid. The
amounts are unsecured and are paid on normal commercial terms. The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are considered to be the same as
their fair values, due to their short-term nature.

Trade creditors and accruals include accrued costs of $30.5 million (30 June 2020: $34.6 million) relating to the Group's share of production costs for
April 2021 to June 2021 for Ernest Henry. These amounts are to be settled in July 2021 to September 2021.




                                                                             63




194 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


15 Inventories

                                                                                                                        30 June 2021         30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000                $'000
Current
Stores                                                                                                                          82,239              76,098
Ore                                                                                                                             33,555              53,704
Doré and concentrate                                                                                                            10,211              12,557
Metal in circuit                                                                                                                39,257              27,426
Metal in transit                                                                                                               23,296               32,372
Total current inventories                                                                                                     188,558              202,157
Non-current
Ore                                                                                                                           113,634               86,517
Total non-current inventories                                                                                                 113,634               86,517


Recognition and measurement

Ore stockpiles, metal in circuit, gold doré, metal in transit, refined gold bullion and concentrate are physically measured or estimated and valued at the
lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost represents the weighted average cost and includes direct costs and an appropriate portion of fixed and
variable production overhead expenditure, including depreciation and amortisation, incurred in converting materials into finished goods. If the stockpile is
not expected to be processed within 12 months after reporting date, it is included in non-current assets.

Materials and supplies are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Any provision for obsolescence is determined by reference to stock items
identified. A regular and ongoing review is undertaken to establish the extent of surplus items and a provision is made for any potential loss on their
disposal.

Accounting estimates and judgements

Net realisable value
Net realisable value involves significant judgements and estimates in relation to the selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimates costs
of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

The total expense relating to inventory write downs to net realisable value for the year ended 30 June 2021 was $3.2 million (30 June 2020: $25.3
million).




16 Financial assets and financial liabilities
(a) Equity Investments at fair value
                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000               $'000
Listed securities - Non-current
Tribune Resources Ltd                                                                                                           51,117              80,828
Musgrave Minerals Ltd (i)                                                                                                        8,031               8,643
Emmerson Resources Ltd                                                                                                           3,194               5,160
Riversgold Ltd                                                                                                                     550               1,558
Other                                                                                                                                12                  6
Total Listed securities - Non-current                                                                                           62,904              96,195


(i) On 18 December 2020, the Group acquired 3.1 million shares in Musgrave Minerals Limited (“Musgrave”) for a cash consideration of $1.1 million.




                                                                             64




                                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 195
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


16 Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

Recognition and measurement

Equity Investments at fair value

Changes in the fair value of equity investments are presented and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity and not through profit or loss. Fair
value has been determined based on quoted market prices at balance date (level 1 valuation methodology). On disposal of these equity investments,
any related balance within the FVOCI reserve is reclassified to retained earnings. These equity instruments are not held for trading but rather intended to
be held over the long-term as strategic investments and the group considers this classification to be more relevant.




17 Other non-current assets

                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000               $'000
Non-current assets -Other
Contingent consideration attributable to the Pajingo Operation                                                                      —                1,163
Contingent consideration attributable to the Edna May Operation                                                                 28,629              34,441
Contingent consideration attributable to Tennant Creek                                                                           2,790               2,790
Contingent consideration attributable to the Cracow Operation                                                                   16,500              16,500
Cash consideration attributable to the Cracow Operation                                                                             —               10,628
Other                                                                                                                              530                 591
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                  48,449              66,113

Recognition and measurement

Contingent consideration amounts classified as a financial asset are remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. The
fair values for contingent consideration assets are determined using significant unobservable inputs (level 3 valuation methodology) such as expected
future production, revenues and costs of the disposed operations. The expected cash flows are discounted using a risk-adjusted market rate which takes
into account counterparty credit risk. No fair value gains or losses have been recognised in profit or loss during the year.



18 Other non-current liabilities

                                                                                                                         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                  $'000                  $'000
Non-current liabilities -Other
Contingent consideration liability to Newmont Corporation                                                                       52,176              56,243
Other                                                                                                                           16,098              16,474
Total Non-current liabilities - Other                                                                                           68,274              72,717

Recognition and measurement

In accordance with AASB 3 Business Combinations, the Group is required to recognise a contingent consideration liability assumed in a business
combination at the acquisition date even if it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation. The contingent consideration liability is subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes recognised in profit or loss.

The Red Lake purchase consideration includes an additional payment of up to a maximum of US$100 million payable upon the discovery of new
resources outside of the agreed base line, which represents a contingent consideration liability. The Group would be required to make an additional
payment of US$20.0 million per each one million ounces of new Mineral Resources up to a maximum of five million ounces, discovered outside of the
agreed base line and added to the agreed Red Lake resource base, over a 15-year period.

At initial recognition, the contingent consideration liability was recorded at AUD $62.3 million (see note 25) on 1 April 2020 and is now carried at AUD
$52.2 million at 30 June 2021. The movement in the liability from initial recognition is mainly due to the USD/AUD foreign exchange movement and
associated accretion. A fair value assessment of the contingent consideration liability including adjustments for foreign exchange movement will be
assessed at each reporting date. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability is determined using significant unobservable inputs (level 3
valuation methodology), being the estimated discovery of additional gold resources.


                                                                             65




196 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


19 Provisions
                                                                                                                                    30 June 2021          30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                           $'000                 $'000

Current
Employee entitlements (i)                                                                                                                   38,448                41,947
Total Current provisions                                                                                                                    38,448                41,947

Non-current
Employee entitlements                                                                                                                       6,743                 3,945
Rehabilitation provision (i)                                                                                                              312,230               259,630
Other long term provision (i)                                                                                                                 423                   423
Total Non-current provisions                                                                                                              319,396               263,998
Total provisions                                                                                                                          357,844               305,945


(a) Movements in provisions
Movements in each class of provision during the financial year are set out below:
                                                                                            Employee
                                                                                             benefits        Rehabilitation                  Other                 Total
                                                                                               $'000                  $'000                  $'000                 $'000
30 June 2021
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year (i)                                                45,892              259,630                    423              305,945
Charged to profit or loss
   provision recognised                                                                            (701)                  —                      —                  (701)
Re-measurement of provision                                                                          —                43,580                     —                43,580
Amounts recognised in business combinations                                                          —                 8,266                     —                 8,266
Exchange differences taken to reserve                                                                —                   754                     —                   754
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                          45,191              312,230                    423              357,844

30 June 2020
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                    35,153              147,970                    210              183,333
Charged to profit or loss
   unwinding of discount                                                                            —                  1,673                    —                  1,673
   provision recognised                                                                          7,914                                         211                30,240
Re-measurement of provision                                                                         —                 21,833                     2                  (280)
Amounts recognised in business combinations (i)                                                   4,013             105,052                      —              109,065
Exchange differences taken to reserve (i)                                                        (1,188)             (6,936)                     —               (8,124)
Divestment of Cracow                                                                                —                (9,962)                    —                (9,962)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                          45,892              259,630                    423              305,945


    (i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for further
    details.


Employee benefits

The provision for employee benefits represent wages and salaries, annual leave and long service leave entitlements.

Rehabilitation

The nature of site restoration costs include the dismantling and removal of mining plant, equipment and building structures, waste removal and
restoration, reclamation and revegetation of affected areas of the site in accordance with the requirements of the mining permits.




                                                                                   66




                                                                                                         Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 197
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


19 Provisions (continued)
Recognition and measurement

Employee benefits

Annual leave liabilities are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Long service leave liabilities are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows for the services provided by employees up to the
reporting date.

Liabilities not expected to be settled within twelve months are discounted using market yields at the reporting date on high quality corporate bonds with
terms to maturity that match, as closely as possible to the related liability.

Rehabilitation

Site restoration costs are recorded at the present value of the estimated future costs of the legal and constructive obligation to rehabilitate locations.

When the liability is initially recorded, the present value of the estimated cost is capitalised as part of the carrying value of the related mining assets.
Over time, the discounted liability is increased for the change in the present value based on a discount rate that reflects current market assessments.
Additional disturbances or changes in rehabilitation costs will be recognised as additions or changes to the corresponding asset and rehabilitation liability
when incurred.

The unwinding of the effect of discounting the provision is recorded as a finance cost in the statement of profit or loss. The carrying amount is capitalised
as part of mine development and amortised on a units of production basis.

The increase in rehabilitation provisions in FY21 is largely driven by initial recognition at Ernest Henry and Battle North Gold.

Accounting estimates and judgements

Employee benefits

Management judgement is required in determining the future probability of employee departures and period of service used in the calculation of long
service leave.

Rehabilitation

Significant estimates and assumptions are required in determining the provision for mine rehabilitation as there are many transactions and other factors
that will affect the ultimate liability payable to rehabilitate the mine sites. Factors that will affect this liability include changes in technology, changes in
regulations, price increases, changes in timing of cash flows which are based on life of mine plan and changes in discount rates. When these factors
change or become known in the future, such differences will impact the mine rehabilitation provision in the period in which they change or become
known.




                                                                                67




198 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


20 Deferred tax balances
(a) Recognised deferred tax balances
                                                                                                                                             1
                                                                                                                                              Restated 30
                                                                                                                        30 June 2021           June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000                $'000
Inventories                                                                                                                    31,983              31,836
Equity investments at fair value                                                                                                   —               (8,553)
Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                                                        (49,100)            (87,624)
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                (129,870)           (124,306)
Mine development                                                                                                              (68,543)            (45,978)
Employee benefits                                                                                                              10,189               9,624
Lease liabilities                                                                                                               2,030               3,165
Provisions                                                                                                                     75,392              62,031
Share issue costs                                                                                                                  —                  379
Other                                                                                                                           3,865              28,754
Deferred tax balances from temporary differences                                                                             (124,054)           (130,672)

Tax losses carried forward                                                                                                     52,967              20,084
Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets                                                                                             (71,087)           (110,588)


Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets - Australian entities                                                                      (111,793)            (81,705)
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) - Canadian entity                                                                            40,706             (28,883)
Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets                                                                                             (71,087)           (110,588)

1.    Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25
      for further details.

(b)        Movement in deferred tax balances during the year

                                           1
                                            Restated                                        Utilised to   Recognised
                                         Balance at 1 Recognised in Recognised in           reduce tax    on business                        Balance at 30
                                           July 2020   profit or loss      equity              liability combinations FX translation            June 2021
                                                $'000           $'000         —                   $'000          $'000         $'000                 $'000
Inventories                                   31,836             147          —                      —              —             —                31,983
Equity investments at fair value              (8,553)              —       8,553                     —              —             —                     —
Exploration and evaluation                   (70,861)       (15,087)          —                      —         35,713         1,135               (49,100)
Property, plant and equipment                (124,306)       (34,067)               —                —           27,766               737        (129,870)
Mine development                              (45,978)       (49,818)               —                —           28,513            (1,260)        (68,543)
Employee benefits                               9,624            589                —                —               —                (24)         10,189
Lease liabilities                               3,165         (1,153)               —                —                —               18            2,030
Provisions                                     62,031         13,259                —                —                —              102           75,392
Share issue costs                                 379           (379)               —               —                —                —                —
Tax losses carried forward                     20,084         27,762                —           (2,518)           6,595            1,044           52,967
Other                                          11,991          1,432                —               —            (9,346)            (212)           3,865
Deferred tax assets/ (liabilities)           (110,588)       (57,315)            8,553          (2,518)          89,241            1,540          (71,087)

1.    Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25
      for further details.
(c)    Unrecognised deferred tax assets

The Group has unrecognised available tax losses of $307.5 million as at 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: $10.3 million). Tax losses and temporary
differences unrecognised from the Battle North Gold acquisition amounted to $260.8 million with $65.2 million as a deferred tax asset. For Red Lake,
$41.3 million are unrecognised temporary differences with $10.3 million as a deferred tax asset. For Australia, $5.4 million tax losses and a deferred tax
asset of $1.6 million have not been recognised.




                                                                            68




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 199
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


20 Deferred tax balances (continued)
Accounting estimates and judgements

Judgement is required to determine whether deferred tax assets are recognised in the Balance Sheet. Management assesses the likelihood that the
Group will generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to recognise and utilise those deferred tax assets. Estimates of future taxable
income are based on forecast cash flows from operations and existing tax laws. These assessments require the use of estimates such as commodity
prices and operating performance over the life of the assets. To the extent that cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the
Group's ability to realise the deferred tax assets reporting could be impacted.

Accounting policy

Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Temporary differences are differences between the tax base of an asset or liability
and its carrying amount in the statement of financial position. The tax base of an asset or liability is the amount attributed to that asset or liability for tax
purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, carry-
forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences giving rise to them:
    •     Arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the
          transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
    •     Are associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or interests in joint ventures, and the timing of the reversal of the temporary
          difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at
each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset
to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the expected manner of recovery of the carrying value of an asset or liability. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised, or the liability is settled, based on
tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred taxes attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised directly in equity.




                                                                               69




200 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes       to the
Evolution Mining       Consolidated Financial
                 Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June
(continued)
                           2021



Risk and Unrecognised Items
This section of the notes discusses the Group’s exposure to various risks and shows how these could affect the Group’s financial position and
performance as well as providing information on items that are not recognised in the financial statements as they do not (yet) satisfy the recognition
criteria.



21 Financial risk management
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks such as market risk (including interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
the financial performance of the Group.

Risk management is carried out at a corporate level under policies approved by the Board of Directors. Management identifies, evaluates and hedges
financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board of Directors approves written principles for overall risk management, as
well as policies covering specific areas, such as interest rate risk, credit risk, gold price risk and use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative
financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.

The Group holds the following financial instruments:


                                                                                                                               30 June 2021          30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                      $'000                 $'000
Financial Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             160,062               372,592
Trade and other receivables at amortized cost                                                                                          43,411                95,570
Trade and other receivables at FVTPL                                                                                                   72,331                53,470
Equity investments at FVOCI                                                                                                            62,904                96,195
Contingent consideration assets                                                                                                        48,449                66,113
                                                                                                                                      387,157               683,940


Financial Liabilities
Trade and other payables (i)                                                                                                          190,977               190,810
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                                          611,232               562,062
Contingent consideration liabilities                                                                                                   52,176                56,243
                                                                                                                                      854,385               809,115

(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
further details.

(a) Derivatives

Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. The Group has no derivative financial instruments at
30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: nil).

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the
end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging
instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group currently only designates derivatives as cash flow hedges (hedges of a particular
risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and liabilities and highly probable forecast transactions). There are no fair value hedges or net
investment hedges, nor are there any derivatives that do not classify for hedge accounting.

At inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items including
whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instruments are expected to offset changes in the cash flows of hedged items. The Group documents
its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.

The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is more than 12
months; it is classified as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12 months. Trading derivatives are
classified as a current asset or liability.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
income through the cash flow hedge reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit or
Loss and Other Comprehensive Income within other income or other expense.




                                                                                 70




                                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 201
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


21 Financial risk management (continued)
(a)       Derivatives (continued)

Amounts accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve are reclassified to the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income in the periods
when the hedged item affects profit or loss for instance when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place.

When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or
loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a
forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, fixed assets) the gains and losses
previously deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of the cost of the asset. The deferred amounts are
ultimately recognised in profit or loss as depreciation in the case of fixed assets.


(b)       Market risk

(i)       Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Group's
functional currency. Management has set up a policy to manage their foreign exchange risk against their functional currency and is measured using
sensitivity analysis and cash flow forecasting. The Group generally does not hedge foreign exchange risks other than those relating to significant
transactions, such as those relating to the 2020 and 2021 acquisitions of Red Lake and Battle North Gold. The Group typically utilises forward exchange
contracts to hedge foreign exchange risks for significant transactions.

As at 30 June 2021, the Group held US$2.5 million (30 June 2020: US$0.7 million) in US dollar currency bank accounts, C$21.8 million in Canadian
dollar currency bank account, outstanding receivables of US$8.3 million (30 June 2020: US$4.9 million) relating to the Mt Carlton operation and US$43.7
million (30 June 2020: US$34.0 million) relating to Ernest Henry.

The Group also recognised a USD denominated contingent consideration liability being US$38.44 million as part of the Red Lake purchase consideration
(note 18). An increase/decrease in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of 5% will result in $2.6 million impact to net assets and pre-tax profit.

The Group is exposed to translation-related risks arising from the Red Lake and Battle North Gold operations having a functional currency (CAD)
different from the group’s presentation currency (AUD). An increase/decrease in AUD:CAD foreign exchange rates of 5% will result in $45.8 million
impact to net assets and equity reserves.


(ii)      Price risk
The Group is currently exposed to the risk of fluctuations in prevailing market commodity prices on the gold, silver and copper currently produced from its
gold mines and market share prices on the available-for-sale assets. The Group has in place physical gold delivery contracts as at 30 June 2021
covering sales of 200,000 oz (30 June 2020: 300,000 oz) of gold at an average forward price of $1,892 per ounce (30 June 2020: $1,871 per ounce) and
80,000 oz of gold at an average forward price of C$2,272 (30 June 2020: C$2,273).

The Group is also exposed to market share price movements on its equity investments at fair value. Refer to note 16 for further details.

(c)       Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and
arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and investment securities. The Group has a small but long standing customer base with
an exemplary track record of meeting their contractual obligations. In addition the Group only deals with financial institutions that have investment grade
or higher credit ratings. For these reason at the balance sheet date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. The total trade and other
receivables outstanding at 30 June 2021 was $115.7 million (30 June 2020: $149.0 million). Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June 2021 were $160.1
million (30 June 2020: $372.6 million).

(d)       Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its long term borrowings comprising $145.0 million on the Revolving Facility (“Facility A”) and $475.0
million on the Term Loan Facility ("Facility B"). As the borrowings are periodically contractually repriced, the Group is exposed to the risk of future
changes in market interest rates.

Holding all other variables constant, the impact on current year post-tax profit of a 0.5 percent increase/decrease in the rate of interest on the long term
borrowings of the Group would be a decrease/increase of $2.0 million.

(e)       Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. Prudent liquidity risk management
implies maintaining sufficient cash and term deposits, the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability
to close out market positions. The Group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity
profiles of financial assets and liabilities.


                                                                             71




202 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


21 Financial risk management (continued)
(e)        Liquidity risk (continued)

(i)        Financing arrangements
The Group had access to the following borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:



                                                                                                                          30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                 $'000               $'000
 Existing debt facilities - Undrawn
 Expiring beyond one year                                                                                                       655,000             360,000
                                                                                                                                655,000             360,000


(ii)       Maturities of financial liabilities
The tables below analyses the Group's financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:

•          all non-derivative financial liabilities, and

•         net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the
cash flows.


The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the
impact of discounting is not significant.


                                                                                                                                          Carrying amount
                                                           Between 1 and 2    Between 2and 5                      Total contractual               (assets)/
                                      Less than 1 year               years             years         Over 5 years       cash flows               liabilities
                                                 $'000               $'000             $'000                $'000             $'000                  $'000

 At 30 June 2021
 Non-derivatives
 Trade and other payables                        190,977               —                   —                    —               190,977             190,977
 Bank loans                                      105,000          265,000             250,000                   —               620,000             620,000
 Lease liabilities                                14,973            3,620               3,439                5,460               27,492              25,102
                                                 310,950          268,620             253,439                5,460              838,469             836,079


 At 30 June 2020
 Non-derivatives
 Trade and other payables (i)                    190,810               —                    —                    —              190,810             190,810
 Bank loans                                       95,000          105,000             370,000                   —               570,000             570,000
 Lease liabilities                                22,000           11,023               4,935                5,174               43,132              43,132
                                                 307,810          116,023             374,935                5,174              803,942             803,942

(i) Upon revising the provisional fair values of Red Lake (acquired 1 April 2020), prior year comparative figures have been restated. Refer to note 25 for
further details.
(f)        Risk management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so as to maintain a strong capital
base sufficient to maintain future exploration and development of its projects. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return
capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. The Group’s focus has been to raise sufficient funds through equity and debt
capital markets to fund capital investment in working capital and exploration and evaluation activities.

The Group monitors its liquidity through analysis of regular cash flow forecasts.

(i)    Loan covenants
The lenders have placed covenants over the Group's Senior Secured Revolving and Term Loan Facility based on the leverage ratio and interest
coverage ratio and the tangible net worth ratio. The Group has complied with these covenants during the year.


                                                                              72




                                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 203
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


22 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
(a) Contingent assets

(i)      Contingent consideration receivable
The Group recognised contingent consideration assets that arose from the past business divestments. Refer to note 17 for further details.

(b) Contingent liabilities

The Group had contingent liabilities at 30 June 2021 in respect of:

(i)       Claims
At the date of this report the Group was unaware of any material claims, actual or contemplated.

(ii)      Guarantees
The Group has provided bank guarantees in favour of various government authorities and service providers with respect to site restoration, contractual
obligations and premises at 30 June 2021. The total of these guarantees at 30 June 2021 was $278.0 million with various financial institutions (30 June
2020: $198.1 million).

(iii)     Red Lake
The Group recognised a contingent consideration liability on the purchase consideration of Red Lake. Refer to note 18 for further details.


23 Commitments
(a) Capital and lease commitments

(i)       Exploration expenditure commitments
In order to maintain current rights of tenure to exploration tenements the Group is required to perform minimum exploration work to meet minimum
expenditure requirements specified by various government authorities. These obligations are subject to renegotiation when application for a mining lease
is made and at various other times. These obligations are not provided for in the financial report and are payable:


                                                                                                                        30 June 2021         30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000                $'000

 Within one year                                                                                                               13,787             10,881
 Later than one year but not later than five years                                                                             28,173             29,986
 Later than five years                                                                                                         36,556             33,979
                                                                                                                               78,516             74,846

(ii)      Capital commitments
The Group has the following capital commitments in relation to capital projects and joint venture requirements at each of the sites.


                                                                                                                        30 June 2021         30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                $'000              $'000
 Within one year                                                                                                              124,575             24,244
                                                                                                                              124,575             24,244

In relation to the Group's contingent consideration liability with Newmont (note 18), Evolution has agreed to an investment of US$100.0 million on
existing operations and US$50.0 million in exploration at Red Lake over the first 3 years of ownership. As of the 30 June 2021 Evolution has invested
capital of US$88.2 million on existing operations and US$15.8 million on exploration.




                                                                            73




204 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




Notes       to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

23 Commitments (continued)

(b) Gold delivery commitments

                                                                                                         Gold for         Average         Value of
                                                                                                physical delivery contracted sales committed sales
                                                                                                               oz       price $/oz           $'000
At 30 June 2021
Within one year                                                                                           100,000               1,868             186,800
Later than one year but not greater than five years                                                       100,000               1,916             191,600
                                                                                                          200,000               1,892             378,400


At 30 June 2020
Within one year                                                                                           100,000               1,829             182,909
Later than one year but not greater than five years                                                       200,000               1,892             378,454
                                                                                                          300,000               1,871             561,363


                                                                                                         Gold for         Average         Value of
                                                                                                physical delivery contracted sales committed sales
                                                                                                               oz      price C$/oz         C$'000
At 30 June 2021
Within one year                                                                                            40,000               2,272              90,880
Later than one year but not greater than five years                                                        40,000               2,271              90,840
                                                                                                           80,000               2,272             181,720
At 30 June 2020
Within one year                                                                                            40,000               2,272              90,885
Later than one year but not greater than five years                                                        80,000               2,271             181,705
                                                                                                          120,000               2,271             272,590

The counterparties to the physical gold delivery contracts are Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited ("ANZ"), National Australia Bank
Limited ("NAB"), Westpac Banking Corporation (“WBC”), Commonwealth Bank of Australia ("CBA") and Citibank N.A ("Citibank"). Contracts are settled
on a quarterly basis by the physical delivery of gold per the banks instructions. The contracts are accounted for as sale contracts with revenue
recognised once the gold has been delivered to ANZ, NAB, WBC, CBA, Citibank or one of their agents. The physical gold delivery contracts are
considered a contract to sell a non-financial item and is therefore out of the scope of AASB 9 Financial Instruments. As a result no derivatives are
required to be recognised. The Company has no other gold sale commitments with respect to its current operations.



24 Events occurring after the reporting period
Subsequent to the end of the period on 22 July 2021, the Group announced that it has entered into an agreement with Northern Star Resources
Limited to acquire:
 •    100% interest in the Kundana Operations
 •    51% interest in the East Kundana Joint Venture (EKJV)
 •    100% interest in the certain tenements comprising the Carbine Project
 •    75% interest in the West Kundana Joint Venture (WKJV)

The transaction completed on 18 August, 2021 with the acquired assets all sitting within 8km of the Group's Mungari Operations, which
represent an important strategic opportunity for the Group to consolidate the region, optimise the value of its existing infrastructure and capture
significant operational synergies. The Group has paid Northern Star $400.0 million in cash to acquire the assets, which was funded by a $400.0
million fully underwritten institutional placement and is accompanied by a non-underwritten share purchase plan.

On 13 August 2021, the Group announced that it has successfully priced a maiden debt private placement in the United States on 12 August 2021
totalling US$550 million. The Transaction is subject to standard closing conditions with proceeds expected to be drawn in November 2021.
The placement consists of US$200 million maturing November 2028 with a fixed rate coupon of 2.83% and US$350 million maturing November 2031
with a fixed rate coupon of 3.17%. The Group has entered into cross currency swaps to hedge the US dollar exposure.

Proceeds will be used to repay the existing Term Loan facility associated with the acquisition of Red Lake and for general corporate purposes. The
placement will extend the Group's debt maturity profile from an average of 2.7 years to 7.1 years. The Group's balance sheet is well positioned to fund
the recently announced pipeline of growth projects and this placement will more closely align debt maturity with the group's average mine life.

                                                                            74




                                                                                               Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 205
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes       to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements            (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

Other Disclosures
This section covers additional financial information and mandatory disclosures.


25 Business Combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the
fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

The consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration arrangement. Contingent consideration classified as a financial
asset or liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
as incurred.

a) Red Lake Acquisition

(i)           Summary of acquisition

On 1 April 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of the Red Lake gold mine in Ontario, Canada. The operation comprises of the Red Lake and
Campbell complexes, each consisting of an underground mine, associated processing facilities and the Cochenour mine.

Details of the purchase consideration and the net assets acquired are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    AUD $'000
 Purchase consideration
  Cash paid (a)                                                                                                                                        583,556
  Contingent consideration (b)                                                                                                                          62,255
                                                                                                                                                       645,811
(a) Cash paid is comprised of US$375.0 million for the initial purchase, US$14.8 million working capital adjustment payment, C$5.3 million interim
operating plan funding and C$1.2 million Ontario Mining Tax payment.

(b) Contingent consideration includes an additional payment up to a maximum of US$100 million payable upon the discovery of new resources outside of
the agreed baseline. The Group would be required to make an additional payment of US$20.0 million per each one million ounces of new Mineral
Resources up to a maximum of five million ounces, discovered outside of the agreed base line and added to the agreed Red Lake resource base, over a
15-year period.

The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:


                                                                                                                                 Final Fair      Preliminary
                                                                                                                                    Value         Fair Value
                                                                                                                                     $'000             $'000
      Net assets acquired
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      47,501            47,501
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                      670               671
      Inventories                                                                                                                   47,744            47,744
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                155,987           207,426
      Mine development and exploration                                                                                             579,376           419,333
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                         587               587
      Right-of-use-assets                                                                                                             5,818             2,765
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                            15,221            16,463
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                      (24,142)          (27,077)
      Other current liabilities                                                                                                      (6,844)               —
      Employee entitlements                                                                                                          (4,013)           (1,078)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                             (3,895)            (3,895)
      Other non-current provisions                                                                                                 (17,110)                —
      Rehabilitation Provisions                                                                                                   (105,052)           (65,853)
      Deferred tax liability                                                                                                       (46,037)               —
      Total                                                                                                                        645,811           644,587

The initial accounting for the acquisition has been revised and finalised for the current period as shown above. These adjustments have determined the
net identifiable assets/(liabilities) as being $1.2 million higher than previously reported. The comparative information shown in the financial statements
has been restated to include the adjusted fair values. There has been no material impact to the comparative profit or loss so as to require restatement.



                                                                               75




206 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


25 Business Combinations (continued)
(ii)          Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary
                                                                                                                                                          AUD
                                                                                                                                                          $'000
 Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary
 Cash paid during year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                              582,332
 Cash paid during year ended 30 June 2021                                                                                                                1,223
 Less: balance acquired                                                                                                                                (47,501)
 Total outflow of cash - investing activities                                                                                                          536,054


(iii)         Acquisition and integration costs

Acquisition and integration costs of $5.5 million that were not directly attributable to the cash paid are included in acquisition and integration cost in the
profit or loss and in operating cash flows in the statement of cash flows. A total of $30.1 million was paid for the year ended 30 June 2020.

b) Battle North Gold Acquisition

(i)           Summary of acquisition

On 19 May 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of Battle North Gold Corporation. Battle North Gold's assets include the Bateman Gold Project,
contiguous to Evolution’s Red Lake Operations in Ontario, Canada, and a large gold exploration land package on the Long Canyon gold trend near the
Nevada-Utah border in the United States.

Details of the purchase consideration and the net assets acquired are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    AUD $'000
 Purchase consideration
  Cash paid                                                                                                                                            355,790
                                                                                                                                                       355,790
The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:


                                                                                                                                             Preliminary Fair
                                                                                                                                                       Value
                                                                                                                                                        $'000
      Net assets acquired
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          7,345
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                        3,671
      Inventories                                                                                                                                          337
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                    235,914
      Mine development and exploration                                                                                                                  41,927
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                              29
      Right-of-use-assets                                                                                                                                3,352
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                               89,241
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                                         (16,471)
      Employee entitlements                                                                                                                                (280)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                  (1,009)
      Rehabilitation Provisions                                                                                                                          (8,266)
      Total                                                                                                                                            355,790


Please note the initial accounting for the acquisition is determined only on a provisional basis as at 30 June 2021. The Group will recognise any
adjustments to those provisional values as a result of completing the initial accounting within 12 months of the acquisition date.




                                                                               76




                                                                                                  Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 207
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


25 Business Combinations (continued)

(ii)       Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary


                                                                                                                                                           AUD
                                                                                                                                                           $'000
 Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary
 Cash paid                                                                                                                                              355,790
 Less: balance acquired                                                                                                                                  (7,345)
 Total outflow of cash - investing activities                                                                                                           348,445

(iii)      Acquisition and Integration costs

Integration costs of $3.9 million that were not directly attributable to the cash paid are included in acquisition and integration cost in the profit or loss and
in operating cash flows in the statement of cash flows during the year.


26 Ernest Henry Operation
(a)       Description

On 24 August 2016, the Group announced that through a wholly owned subsidiary, it had entered into a transaction with Glencore plc to acquire an
economic interest in the Ernest Henry Copper-Gold Operation for an up-front payment of $880 million. This $880 million up-front payment is recognised
as a mine development asset. The Group also announced the entry into a strategic alliance with Glencore plc in respect of potential future regional
acquisitions and the commitment the parties made to cooperate on exploration activities in the region surrounding Ernest Henry. The transaction was
completed on 1 November 2016.

Under the agreement, the Group has a right to the production output when produced in relation to 100% of future gold and 30% of future copper and
silver from the defined life of mine area at the time of the acquisition. Copper and silver sales revenue are recognised in the same month as their
production is reported as the production is in control of the customer (Glencore). Gold sales and gold revenues are recognised when the metal is
received and sold by the Group. In addition to the up-front payment, the Group must also contribute 30% of future production costs in respect of the life
of mine area.

(b)       Financial performance and position

The below information presents the financial performance and balance sheet information of the Ernest Henry operation included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements.


                                                                                                                         30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                    $'000             $'000
 Revenue (note 2)                                                                                                                 439,513           391,017
 Cost of sales (excluding amortisation)                                                                                          (120,907)         (120,017)
 Amortisation                                                                                                                     (129,849)            (126,056)
 Profit before income tax                                                                                                          188,757              144,944

The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as at the period end were:




                                                                               77




208 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


26 Ernest Henry Operation (continued)
Financial performance and position (continued)


                                                                                                                 30 June 2021     30 June 2020
                                                                                                                            $'000            $'000


Assets
Accrued Revenue                                                                                                             58,088              49,478
Inventories                                                                                                                 23,296              32,372
Mine Development                                                                                                           402,623             458,254
Total assets                                                                                                               484,007             540,104


Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                                    30,485              34,641
Provision                                                                                                                   54,976                  —
Total liabilities                                                                                                           85,462              34,641

Net assets                                                                                                                 398,545             505,463



27 Related party transactions
(a) Parent entities

The ultimate parent entity within the Group is Evolution Mining Limited.

(b)       Subsidiaries

Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 32.

(c)       Key management personnel compensation

                                                                                                                      30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                                                             $'000              $'000


Short-term employee benefits                                                                                             7,536,526           6,471,811
Long Service Leave                                                                                                         154,425              85,257
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                   206,515            168,237
Share-based payments                                                                                                     4,381,119          5,204,963
                                                                                                                        12,278,585         11,930,268
Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages
                                                                             pages 22
                                                                                   153to
                                                                                       to37.
                                                                                         168


(d)       Transactions with other related parties

Directors fees in the amount of $175,000 were paid to International Mining and Finance Corp, a company of which Mr James Askew is a Director for
services provided during the period (30 June 2020:$163,750).
28 Share-based payments
(a)       Types of share based payment plans

The Group has two Option and Performance Rights plans in existence:

(1)       Employee Share Option and Performance Rights Plan (ESOP)
The ESOP was established and approved at the Annual General Meeting on 23 November 2010, and amended on 19 October 2011. Shareholder
approval was refreshed at the Annual General Meeting on 26 November 2014 and again on 23 November 2017 and permits the Group, at the discretion
of the Directors, to grant both Options and Performance Rights over unissued ordinary shares of the Group to eligible Directors and members of staff as
specified in the plan rules.


                                                                             78




                                                                                            Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 209
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


28 Share-based payments (continued)
(a)       Types of share based payment plans (continued)

(2)       Non-Executive Director Equity Plan (NEDEP)

The NEDEP was established and approved at the Annual General Meeting on 24 November 2016. The plan permits the Group, at the discretion of the
Directors, to grant NED Share Rights as part of their remuneration.

(b)       Recognised share based payment expenses

                                                                                                                     30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                            $'000               $'000


 Expense arising from equity settled share based payment transactions recognised in profit and loss                         11,371              10,691

Summary and movement of share based payment plans


The following table illustrates the number and movements in, performance rights issued during the year.

                                                                                                                    2021 Number        2020 Number
                Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                                                      13,776,882         18,643,061
                Performance rights granted during the period                                                            5,166,893          6,038,033
                Vested during the period                                                                               (4,019,532)        (7,025,612)
                Forfeited during the period                                                                            (2,153,770)        (3,878,600)
                Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                                            12,770,473          13,776,882

The following table illustrates the number and movements in, Share Rights issued during the year.

                                                                                                                     2021 Number         2020 Number
 Outstanding balance at the beginning of the year                                                                          53,845              57,235
 Share Rights granted                                                                                                      68,439              71,875
 Vested                                                                                                                   (53,845)            (72,083)
 Lapsed                                                                                                                         —              (3,182)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                      —                  —
 Outstanding balance at the end of the year                                                                                 68,439             53,845

There were 68,439 Share Rights granted during the 2021 financial year. Provided the NEDs remain directors of the Group, Share Rights will vest and
automatically exercise 12 months after the grant date of 23 November 2020 with disposal restrictions attached to these shares.

(c)       Fair value determination

During the year, the Group issued two allotments of performance rights that will vest on 30 June 2023. They have four performance components being a
Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) condition, an absolute TSR condition, a Relative AISC condition and a Growth in Ore Reserves condition.

(i)       TSR Performance Right Valuation
The fair value of the TSR Performance Rights (market-based condition) was estimated at the date of grant using Monte Carlo simulation, taking into
account the terms and conditions upon which the awards were granted.

(ii)      Absolute TSR Performance Right Valuation
The Absolute TSR Performance Right Valuation (market-based condition) will be measured as the cumulative annual TSR over the three year period
ending 30 June 2023.

(iii)     Relative AISC
Relative AISC (non-market-based condition) will be tested against Evolution’s relative ranking of its AISC performance for the 12 month period ending 30
June 2023 (Evolution AISC) compared to the AISC performance ranking of the Peer Group Companies for the same period (Peer Group AISC).

(iv)      Growth in Ore Reserves per Share
The growth in Ore Reserves per share (non-market-based condition) is measured by comparing the Baseline measure of the Ore Reserves as at 31
December 2019, to the Ore Reserves as at 31 December 2022 on a per share basis, with testing to be performed at 30 June 2023.


                                                                          79




210 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report


Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


28 Share-based payments (continued)
(c)       Fair value determination (continued)

The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the Performance Rights granted for the period:

                                                                                 Relative TSR      Absolute TSR         Relative AISC Growth in Ore
                                                                                                                                      Reserves
September 2020 Performance Rights issue
Number of rights issued                                                             1,068,550           1,068,550           1,068,550           1,068,550
Spot price ($)                                                                           5.90                5.90                5.90                5.90
Risk-free rate (%)                                                                      0.23%               0.23%               0.23%               0.23%
Term (years)                                                                        2.79 years          2.79 years          2.79 years          2.79 years
Volatility (%)                                                                            40%                 40%                 40%                 40%
Fair value at grant date ($)                                                              2.99                2.42                5.52                5.52
February 2021 Performance Rights issue
Number of rights issued                                                                37,836              37,836              37,836              37,836
Spot price ($)                                                                            4.68                4.68                4.68                4.68
Risk-free rate (%)                                                                      0.10%               0.10%               0.10%               0.10%
Term (years)                                                                        2.37 years          2.37 years          2.37 years          2.37 years
Volatility (%)                                                                            40%                 40%                 40%                 40%
Fair value at grant date ($)                                                              2.58                1.20                4.39                4.39

The volatility above was determined with reference to historical volatility but also incorporates factors that management believes will impact the actual
volatility of the Group’s shares in future periods.


Recognition and measurement

The Group provides benefits to its employees (including Key Management Personnel) in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render
services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions).

Vesting conditions that are linked to the price of shares of the Group (market conditions) are taken into account when determining the fair value of equity
settled transactions. Other vesting conditions such as service conditions are excluded from the measurement of fair value but are considered in
estimating the number of investments that may ultimately vest.

The cost of these equity-settled transactions is measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted.

The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or
service conditions are fulfilled (“the vesting period”).

The charge to the Statement of Profit or Loss for the period is the cumulative amount as calculated above less the amounts already recognised in
previous periods. There is a corresponding entry to equity.

Accounting estimates and judgements

The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of equity instruments at the date at which they
are granted. The fair value is determined by an external specialist using an option pricing model, based off the assumptions detailed above.




                                                                            80




                                                                                                 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 211
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021
(continued)

29 Remuneration of auditors
During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited, its related
network firms and non-related audit firms. Also included are fees paid or payable for non-audit services by non PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms,
although these firms do not provide audit services to Evolution Mining Limited.

(a)       PricewaterhouseCoopers


                                                                                                                            2021 $              2020 $
Audit and other assurance services
Audit and review of financial statements                                                                                   640,757            603,473
Canadian related audit services                                                                                             79,830             52,083
Other                                                                                                                        6,560              6,891
Total remuneration for audit and other services                                                                            727,147            662,447


Taxation services
Tax compliance services                                                                                                     77,380            103,060
 Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                                   77,380            103,060

Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                               804,527            765,507

(b)       Non-PricewaterhouseCoopers related audit firms

                                                                                                                            2021 $              2020 $
Audit and other assurance services
Other assurance services
   Internal audit services                                                                                                 217,541            149,651
   Other assurance services                                                                                                 41,348                 —
Total remuneration for audit and other assurance services                                                                  258,889            149,651


Taxation services
Tax compliance services                                                                                                     67,557             44,183
Tax advisory services                                                                                                      555,348            393,762
Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                                   622,905            437,945


Total remuneration of non-PricewaterhouseCoopers audit firms                                                               881,794            587,596

It is the Group's policy to employ PricewaterhouseCoopers on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where PricewaterhouseCoopers's
expertise and experience with the Group are important. These assignments are principally tax advice and due diligence on acquisitions, or where
PricewaterhouseCoopers is awarded assignments on a competitive basis. It is the Group's policy to seek competitive tenders for all major consulting
projects.


30 Deed of cross guarantee
Evolution Mining Limited and those entities identified in note 32 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each company guarantees the
debts of the others. By entering into the deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare a financial report and
Directors' Report under Class Order 98/1418 (as amended) issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

The companies identified above represent a 'closed group' for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to the deed of cross
guarantee that are controlled by Evolution Mining Limited, they also represent the 'extended closed group'.

The Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, and summary of movements in
consolidated retained earnings for the year ended 30 June 2021 of the closed group is equal to the Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity of the Group.




                                                                          81




212 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report




 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Evolution
 Evolution Mining
Notes
 Notes to
             Mining Limited
        to the
                    Limited
            the Consolidated
                Consolidated Financial
                             Financial Statements
                                       Statements
 Statements (continued)
For
 For the
      the year
          year ended
(continued)
 (continued)
                ended 30
                      30 June
                         June 2021
                              2021


31
31 Interests
    Interests in
               in other
                  other entities
                        entities
(a)
 (a) Significant
     Significantinvestments
                 investmentsin
                             insubsidiaries
                                subsidiaries

The
 Theconsolidated
     consolidatedfinancial
                  financialstatements
                            statementsincorporate
                                       incorporatethe
                                                   theassets,
                                                       assets,liabilities
                                                               liabilitiesand
                                                                           andresults
                                                                               resultsof
                                                                                       ofthe
                                                                                          thefollowing
                                                                                              followingprincipal
                                                                                                        principalsubsidiaries
                                                                                                                  subsidiariesin
                                                                                                                               inaccordance
                                                                                                                                  accordancewith
                                                                                                                                            withthe
                                                                                                                                                 the
accounting
 accountingpolicy
            policydescribed
                   describedbelow:
                              below:

                                                                                                                                       Equity
                                                                                                                                        Equityholding
                                                                                                                                              holding
 Name
 Nameof
      ofentity
        entity                                                                                Country
                                                                                               Countryof
                                                                                                       of        Class
                                                                                                                 Classof
                                                                                                                       of          2021
                                                                                                                                   2021% %        2020
                                                                                                                                                   2020%
                                                                                                                                                       %
                                                                                            Incorporation
                                                                                             Incorporation       shares
                                                                                                                  shares


  Evolution
  EvolutionMining
            MiningManagement
                   ManagementServices ServicesPty
                                              PtyLtd
                                                  Ltd                                          Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Conquest
 ConquestMining
            MiningPty
                   PtyLtd
                       Ltd(i)
                           (i)(ii)
                               (ii)                                                            Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Mt
 MtRawdon
    RawdonOperations
              OperationsPty
                         PtyLtdLtd(i)(i)(ii)
                                         (ii)                                                  Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
            MiningNZ
                  NZPty
                      PtyLtd
                          Ltd(ii)
                                (ii)                                                           Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                   0%
                                                                                                                                             0%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
  EvolutionMining
           Mining(Cowal)
                   (Cowal)Pty
                          PtyLtd
                               Ltd(i)
                                    (i)(ii)
                                        (ii)                                                   Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
  EvolutionMining
           MiningMungari
                   MungariPty
                           PtyLtd
                               Ltd(i)
                                    (i)(ii)
                                        (ii)                                                   Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Toledo
  ToledoHolding
         Holding(Ausco)
                 (Ausco)Pty
                         PtyLtd
                             Ltd(i)
                                 (i)                                                           Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Mungari
                   (MungariEast)
                             East)Pty
                                    PtyLtd
                                         Ltd(i)(i)(ii)
                                                    (ii)                                       Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Mungari)
                   (Mungari)Pty
                              PtyLtd
                                  Ltd(i)
                                      (i)(ii)
                                          (ii)                                                 Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Phoenix)
                   (Phoenix)Pty
                              PtyLimited
                                  Limited(i) (i)(ii)
                                                  (ii)                                         Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Hayes
 HayesMining
         MiningPty
               PtyLtd
                    Ltd(i)
                        (i)                                                                    Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Aurum
                   (Aurum2) 2)Pty
                               PtyLtd
                                   Ltd(i)
                                       (i)(ii)
                                           (ii)                                                Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Connors
                   (ConnorsArc)
                              Arc)Pty
                                  PtyLtd
                                       Ltd(i)(i)(ii)
                                                  (ii)                                         Australia
                                                                                               Australia         Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           Mining(Canada
                   (CanadaHoldings)
                             Holdings)LtdLtd(ii)
                                               (ii)                                            Canada
                                                                                                Canada           Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
            MiningManagement
                   ManagementServices
                                 Services(Canada)
                                              (Canada)Ltd
                                                       Ltd(ii)
                                                           (ii)                                Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionMining
            MiningGold
                   GoldOperations
                        OperationsLtd Ltd(ii)
                                          (ii)                                                 Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Evolution
 EvolutionRed
            RedLake
                 LakeNominee
                     NomineeLtdLtd(ii)
                                     (ii)                                                      Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%             100%
                                                                                                                                                             100%
 Battle
 BattleNorth
        NorthGold
              GoldCorporation
                    Corporation(ii)
                                (ii)(iv)
                                     (iv)                                                      Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%                0%
                                                                                                                                                                0%
 Rubicon
 RubiconMinerals
           MineralsNevada
                    NevadaInc
                            Inc(iv)
                                (iv)                                                           Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%                0%
                                                                                                                                                                0%
 Rubicon
 RubiconAlaska
         AlaskaHoldings
               Holdings(Inc)
                        (Inc)(Ontario)
                              (Ontario)(iv)
                                        (iv)                                                   Canada
                                                                                               Canada            Ordinary
                                                                                                                 Ordinary                 100%
                                                                                                                                           100%                0%
                                                                                                                                                                0%

(i)
 (i)       These
           Thesesubsidiaries
                  subsidiarieshave
                               havebeen
                                    beengranted
                                         grantedrelief
                                                 relieffrom
                                                        fromthe
                                                              thenecessity  toprepare
                                                                  necessityto  preparefinancial
                                                                                        financialreports
                                                                                                  reportsin
                                                                                                          inaccordance
                                                                                                             accordancewith
                                                                                                                       withClass
                                                                                                                            ClassOrder
                                                                                                                                 Order98/1418
                                                                                                                                       98/1418issued
                                                                                                                                               issuedby
                                                                                                                                                      by
the
 theAustralian
     AustralianSecurities
               Securitiesand
                          andInvestments
                              InvestmentsCommission.
                                          Commission.For Forfurther
                                                             furtherinformation
                                                                     informationrefer
                                                                                 referto
                                                                                       tonote
                                                                                          note31.
                                                                                               31.

(ii)
 (ii)     These
           Theseentities
                  entitiesare
                           areconsidered
                               consideredto
                                          tobe
                                             bethe
                                                thematerial
                                                   materialcontrolled
                                                            controlledentities
                                                                       entitiesof
                                                                                ofthe
                                                                                   theGroup.
                                                                                      Group.Their
                                                                                             Theirprincipal
                                                                                                   principalactivities
                                                                                                             activitiesare
                                                                                                                        areidentifying,
                                                                                                                            identifying,developing
                                                                                                                                         developingand
                                                                                                                                                    and
operating
 operatinggold
           goldrelated
                relatedprojects.
                        projects.

(iii)
 (iii)      These
            Theseentities
                  entitieswere
                          weredivested
                               divestedduring
                                        duringthis
                                               thisfinancial
                                                    financialyear.
                                                              year.

(iv)
 (iv)       These
            Theseentities
                  entitieshave
                           havebeen
                                beenacquired
                                     acquiredas
                                              aspart
                                                 partof
                                                      ofthe
                                                         theBattle
                                                            BattleNorth
                                                                   NorthGold
                                                                        Goldacquisition.
                                                                             acquisition.

Unless
 Unlessotherwise
         otherwisestated,
                   stated,they
                           theyhave
                                haveshare
                                      sharecapital
                                             capitalconsisting
                                                     consistingsolely
                                                                solelyof
                                                                       ofordinary   sharesthat
                                                                          ordinaryshares   thatare
                                                                                                areheld
                                                                                                    helddirectly
                                                                                                          directlybybythe
                                                                                                                       theGroup,
                                                                                                                            Group,and
                                                                                                                                    andthe
                                                                                                                                         theproportion
                                                                                                                                             proportionof
                                                                                                                                                        ofownership
                                                                                                                                                           ownership
interests
 interestsheld
           heldequals
                equalsthe
                       thevoting
                           votingrights
                                  rightsheld
                                         heldby
                                              bythe
                                                 theGroup.
                                                     Group.The
                                                             Thecountry
                                                                 countryof ofincorporation
                                                                              incorporationor
                                                                                            orregistration
                                                                                               registrationisisalso
                                                                                                                alsotheir
                                                                                                                     theirprincipal
                                                                                                                           principalplace
                                                                                                                                     placeof
                                                                                                                                           ofbusiness.
                                                                                                                                              business.




                                                                                82
                                                                                 82




                                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 213
FY21 Annual Report Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


32 Parent entity financial information
The financial information for the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial statements.


(a) Summary financial information

The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:
                                                                                                                        30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                                                               $'000              $'000

Balance sheet
Assets
Current assets                                                                                                                161,289            399,574
Non-current assets                                                                                                          2,904,584          2,515,538
Total assets                                                                                                                3,065,873          2,915,112

Liabilities
Current liabilities                                                                                                          128,728             122,452
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                      696,404             632,047
Total liabilities                                                                                                            825,132             754,499


Net assets
Shareholders' equity                                                                                                        2,240,741          2,160,613


Issued capital                                                                                                              2,183,727          2,183,727
Fair Value revaluation reserve                                                                                                 14,094             39,961
Share based payment reserve                                                                                                    66,759             58,928
Accumulated losses                                                                                                            (23,839)          (122,003)
Total equity                                                                                                                2,240,741          2,160,613
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Profit for the year                                                                                                          371,529             272,706
Other comprehensive expense                                                                                                       —                   —
Total comprehensive expense                                                                                                  371,529             272,706

(b) Guarantees entered into by the parent entity
The parent entity has provided bank guarantees, as detailed in note 23.

(c) Contingent liabilities of the parent entity


The parent entity did not have any contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2021. For information about guarantees given by the parent entity, please see
above.




                                                                            83




214 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements FY21 Annual Report



Evolution Mining Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021
Statements (continued)
(continued)


33 Summary of significant accounting policies
(a)       Basis of preparation

This financial report is a general purpose financial report, prepared by a for-profit entity, in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act
2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).

The financial report also complies with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) including interpretations as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

The financial report has been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments and available-for-sale assets which have
been measured at fair value.

The financial report has been presented in Australian (AU) dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest AU$1,000 (AU$'000) unless otherwise
stated.

The accounting policies have been consistently applied by all entities included in the Group and are consistent with those applied in the prior year except
for changes arising from adoption of new accounting standards which have been separately disclosed.

(b)       Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the parent entity, Evolution Mining Limited, and its controlled entities (referred
to as 'the Consolidated Entity' or 'the Group' in these financial statements). A list of significant controlled entities (subsidiaries) is presented in note 32.

Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
those returns through its power over the investee. The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
there are changes to one of more of the three elements of control. Specifically the Group controls an investee if, and only if, the Group has all of the
following:

•         Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);

•         Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

•         The ability to use its control over the investee to affect its returns.

Non- controlling interests in the results and equity of the entities that are controlled by the Group is shown separately in the Statement of Profit or Loss or
Other Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet and Statement of Changes in Equity respectively.

(c)       Foreign currency translation

(i)       Functional and presentation currency
The presentation currency of the Group is Australian dollars. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. The functional currency for Red Lake is Canadian dollars.

(ii)      Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the date of the transaction. The
subsequent payment or receipt of funds related to a transaction is translated at the rate applicable on the date of payment or receipt. Monetary assets
and liabilities which are denominated in foreign currencies are re-translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. Non-monetary items that
are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial transaction.

All exchange differences in the consolidated financial statements are taken to the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income and accumulated in a
reserve.

(iii)     Translation
The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with functional currency other than Australian dollars (being the presentation currency of the Group) are
translated into Australian dollars at the exchange rate at the reporting date and the Statement of Profit or Loss is translated at the average exchange rate
for the period. On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of these subsidiaries are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.


34 New accounting standards
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 30 June 2021 reporting periods and have not
been early adopted by the Group. These standards are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and
on foreseeable future transactions.




                                                                                84




                                                                                                     Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 215
FY21 Annual Report Directors’ Declaration




Directors’ Declaration
Evolution
 EvolutionMining
           MiningLimited
                   Limited
Directors'
 Directors'Declaration
           Declaration3030
June
 June2021
      2021

InInthe
     theDirectors'
         Directors'opinion:
                    opinion:

(a)
 (a)         the
               thefinancial
                    financialstatements
                                statementsand  andnotes
                                                   notessetsetout
                                                                outononpages
                                                                       pages
                                                                         pages 41
                                                                              17241toto84
                                                                                        84are
                                                                                       215  areininaccordance
                                                                                                     accordancewith  withthe
                                                                                                                          theCorporations
                                                                                                                               CorporationsAct Act2001,
                                                                                                                                                    2001,including:
                                                                                                                                                             including:
         (i)(i)            complying
                             complyingwith withAccounting
                                                AccountingStandard,
                                                              Standard,the theCorporations
                                                                                CorporationsRegulations
                                                                                                  Regulations2001  2001and
                                                                                                                         andother
                                                                                                                              othermandatory
                                                                                                                                    mandatoryprofessional
                                                                                                                                                   professionalreporting
                                                                                                                                                                   reportingrequirements,
                                                                                                                                                                                 requirements,
                           and
                             and
        (ii)
          (ii)             giving
                             givingaatrue
                                        trueand
                                             andfair
                                                  fairview
                                                       viewofofthe
                                                                theconsolidated
                                                                     consolidatedentity's
                                                                                      entity'sfinancial
                                                                                                financialposition
                                                                                                           positionas asatat30
                                                                                                                             30June
                                                                                                                                June2021
                                                                                                                                      2021and andofofitsitsperformance
                                                                                                                                                            performancefor  forthe
                                                                                                                                                                                 theyear
                                                                                                                                                                                      yearended
                                                                                                                                                                                            ended
                           ononthat
                                 thatdate,
                                       date,and
                                             and
(b)
 (b)         there
               therearearereasonable
                            reasonablegrounds
                                           groundstotobelieve
                                                         believethat
                                                                   thathe
                                                                        theGroup
                                                                            Groupwill     beable
                                                                                     willbe   abletotopay
                                                                                                        payitsitsdebts
                                                                                                                  debtsasasand
                                                                                                                             andwhen
                                                                                                                                 whenthey
                                                                                                                                        theybecome
                                                                                                                                               becomedue    dueand
                                                                                                                                                                andpayable.
                                                                                                                                                                     payable.
(c)
 (c)         atathe
                  thedate
                       dateofofthis
                                  thisdeclaration,
                                       declaration,there
                                                      thereare
                                                             arereasonable
                                                                  reasonablegrounds
                                                                                groundstotobelieve
                                                                                               believethat
                                                                                                         thathe themembers
                                                                                                                    membersofofthetheextended
                                                                                                                                      extendedclosed
                                                                                                                                                   closedgroupgroupororliabilities
                                                                                                                                                                         liabilitiestotowhich
                                                                                                                                                                                         which
             they
               theyare,
                      are,orormay
                               maybecome,
                                      become,subject
                                                 subjectbybyvirtue
                                                              virtueidentified
                                                                      identifiedininnote
                                                                                     note3030will
                                                                                                willbe
                                                                                                     beable
                                                                                                        abletotomeet
                                                                                                                   meetany
                                                                                                                         anyobligations
                                                                                                                              obligationsofofthe
                                                                                                                                               thedeed
                                                                                                                                                   deedofofcross
                                                                                                                                                               crossguarantee
                                                                                                                                                                      guaranteedescribed
                                                                                                                                                                                      describedinin
             note
               note30.30.
Note
 Note33(a)
      33(a)confirms
            confirmsthat
                     thathe
                         thefinancial
                              financialstatements
                                        statementsalso
                                                   alsocomply
                                                        complywith
                                                               withInternational
                                                                    InternationalFinancial
                                                                                  FinancialReporting
                                                                                            ReportingStandards
                                                                                                      Standardsas
                                                                                                                asissued
                                                                                                                    issuedby
                                                                                                                           bythe
                                                                                                                              theInternational
                                                                                                                                  InternationalAccounting
                                                                                                                                                Accounting
Standards
 StandardsBoard.
            Board.

The
 TheDirectors
     Directorshave
               havebeen
                    beengiven
                         giventhe
                               thedeclarations
                                   declarationsby
                                                bythe
                                                   theChief
                                                       ChiefExecutive
                                                             ExecutiveOfficer
                                                                       Officerand
                                                                               andChief
                                                                                   ChiefFinancial
                                                                                         FinancialOfficer
                                                                                                   Officerequired
                                                                                                          requiredby
                                                                                                                   bysection
                                                                                                                      section295A
                                                                                                                              295Aofofthe
                                                                                                                                       theCorporations
                                                                                                                                           Corporations
Act
 Act2001.
     2001.

This
 Thisdeclaration
      declarationisismade
                      madeininaccordance
                               accordancewith
                                          withaaresolution
                                                 resolutionofofDirectors.
                                                                Directors.




 Jacob
  Jacob(Jake)
        (Jake)Klein
               Klein                                                                            Andrea
                                                                                                 AndreaHall
                                                                                                        Hall
 Executive
  ExecutiveChairman
            Chairman                                                                            Chair
                                                                                                 Chairofofthe
                                                                                                           theAudit
                                                                                                               AuditCommittee
                                                                                                                     Committee




 Sydney
  Sydney




                                                                                              85
                                                                                               85




216 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report FY21 Annual Report




Independent Auditor’s Report



   Independent auditor’s report
   To the members of Evolution Mining Limited

   Report on the audit of the financial report

   Our opinion
   In our opinion:
   The accompanying financial report of Evolution Mining Limited (the Company) and its controlled
   entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
       (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its
           financial performance for the year then ended
       (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

   What we have audited
   The Group financial report comprises:
   ●       the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021
   ●       the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then
           ended
   ●       the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
   ●       the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
   ●       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
           and other explanatory information
   ●       the directors’ declaration.

   Basis for opinion
   We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
   those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
   report section of our report.

   We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
   our opinion.

   Independence
   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
   Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
   Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
   Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
   fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




   PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
   One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
   T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
   Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
   T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                                                    86
                                                                                      Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 217
FY21 Annual Report Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s
Report (continued)


             Our audit approach
             An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
             material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
             individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
             users taken on the basis of the financial report.

             We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
             opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
             structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                                 Materiality                                           Audit scope

             ●   For the purpose of our audit we used overall      ●    Our audit focused on where the Group made
                 Group materiality of $22.8 million, which              subjective judgements; for example, significant
                 represents approximately 2.5% of the Group’s           accounting estimates involving assumptions and
                 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation,           inherently uncertain future events.
                 amortisation and impairment expense
                 (EBITDA).                                         ●    A Canadian component audit team performed
                                                                        specified audit procedures over the financial
             ●   We applied this threshold, together with               information of the Red Lake Mine in Canada
                 qualitative considerations, to determine the           under the review and supervision of the
                 scope of our audit and the nature, timing and          Australian engagement team.
                 extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate
                 the effect of misstatements on the financial
                 report as a whole.
             ●   We chose Group EBITDA because, in our view, it
                 is the benchmark against which the performance
                 of the Group is most commonly measured.
             ●   We utilised a 2.5% threshold based on our
                 professional judgement, noting it is within the
                 range of commonly acceptable thresholds.


             Key audit matters
             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
             our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
             context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
             not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
             particular audit procedure is made in that context. We communicated the key audit matters to the
             Audit Committee.




                                                                   87
218 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report FY21 Annual Report




Independent Auditor’s
Report (continued)


   Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                               matter


   Purchase Price Allocation for acquisition of
   Red Lake gold mine                                          Our procedures included the following, amongst
                                                               others:
   (Refer to note 25 (a)) [$645.8 million]
                                                                    ●   Evaluated the Group’s accounting by
   The Group acquired 100% of the Red Lake gold mine                    considering the requirements of Australian
   (Red Lake) from Newmont Corporation on 1 April                       Accounting Standards, key transaction
   2020. As a result of the size and complexity of the                  agreements, our understanding obtained of
   transaction, the purchase price accounting allocation                the business acquired and its industry and
   was provisional as at 30 June 2020. The purchase                     selected minutes of the board of directors
   price allocation was finalised during the year ended                 meetings.
   30 June 2021.
                                                                    ●   Evaluated the valuation methodologies and
   As part of the finalised purchase price allocation, the              assessed the appropriateness of the valuation
   fair values of the assets and liabilities were                       assumptions used by the Group on which the
   determined using updated valuations of the assets                    final fair values of the identifiable assets and
   acquired and liabilities assumed. Fair value was                     liabilities acquired were based. Evaluated the
   determined by the Group using various valuation                      completeness and accuracy of the underlying
   methods, which were applied according to the assets                  data supporting the significant judgements
   and liabilities being measured. The Group was                        and estimates used by the Group.
   assisted by an expert in the process to determine the
   fair value of the rehabilitation provision at acquisition        ●   Evaluated the objectivity, competence and
   date.                                                                capabilities of the management expert
                                                                        utilised to assist the Group in determining
   The purchase price allocation for the Red Lake                       the fair value of the rehabilitation provision.
   acquisition was a key audit matter given the                         We further obtained an understanding of the
   judgements and subjectivity required by the Group in                 work performed by the expert and evaluated
   the valuation methodologies and key assumptions.                     the appropriateness of the conclusions
                                                                        reached.

                                                                    ●   Assessed the adequacy of the business
                                                                        combination disclosures in Note 25 (a) in
                                                                        light of the requirements of Australian
                                                                        Accounting Standards.




                                                               88          Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 219
FY21 Annual Report Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s
Report (continued)


             Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                       matter


             Acquisition of Battle North Gold Corporation
                                                                       Our procedures included the following, amongst
             (Refer to note 25 (b)) [$355.8 million]                   others:

             During the year, the Group acquired 100% of Battle            ●   Evaluated the Group’s accounting against the
             North Gold (Battle North). The acquisition was                    requirements of Australian Accounting
             completed on 19 May 2021.                                         Standards, key transaction agreements, our
                                                                               understanding obtained of the business
             The purchase consideration was $356 million (C$343                acquired and minutes of the board of
             million) in cash.                                                 directors’ meetings

             The acquisition of Battle North has been accounted            ●   Agreed the amount of the purchase
             for as a business combination in accordance with                  consideration paid to the transaction
             AASB 3 Business Combinations and involved                         agreements and bank statements
             consideration as to the acquisition date and the
             recognition and measurement of identifiable assets            ●   Assessed the appropriateness of the
             acquired and liabilities assumed as at that date.                 valuation methodologies and key
                                                                               assumptions used by the Group on which the
             The accounting for the business combination has been              provisional fair values of the identifiable
             recorded on a provisional basis in the consolidated               assets and liabilities acquired were based,
             financial statements.                                             and

             The accounting for the acquisition was a key audit            ●   Assessed the adequacy of the business
             matter because it was a significant transaction for the           combination disclosures in Note 25 (b) in
             year given the financial impact on the Group.                     light of the requirements of Australian
                                                                               Accounting Standards.




             Other information
             The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
             information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2021, but does not include the
             financial report and our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other
             information we obtained included the Directors' report. We expect the remaining other information to
             be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report.




220 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report FY21 Annual Report




Independent Auditor’s
Report (continued)


   Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
   express an opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

   In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
   and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
   report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

   If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
   this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
   are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

   When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
   misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our
   professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.

   Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
   The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
   true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
   and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
   financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
   fraud or error.

   In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
   continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
   going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
   operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

   Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
   Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
   from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
   includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
   audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
   misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
   if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
   decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

   A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
   Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
   https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of
   our auditor's report.




                                                       90           Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 221
FY21 Annual Report Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s
Report (continued)


             Report
              Reportononthe
                          theremuneration
                               remunerationreport
                                             report

             Our
              Ouropinion
                  opiniononon
                            the
                              the
                                remuneration
                                  remuneration
                                             report
                                               report
             WeWehave
                   have
                      audited
                        audited
                              thethe
                                   remuneration report
                                     remuneration        included
                                                       included
                                                  report           pages
                                                                in in    15120
                                                                      pages
                                                                         20      168
                                                                              toto
                                                                             to 37 37
                                                                                    of of
                                                                                       thethe
                                                                                            directors’
                                                                                              directors’
                                                                                                       report
                                                                                                         report
                                                                                                              forfor
                                                                                                                  thethe
             year
               year
                  ended
                    ended
                        3030
                           June
                              June2021.
                                    2021.

             InIn
                our
                  our
                    opinion,
                      opinion,
                             thethe
                                  remuneration
                                    remuneration report
                                                   report
                                                        of of
                                                           Evolution
                                                              Evolution  Mining
                                                                      Mining  Limited
                                                                                Limited
                                                                                      forfor
                                                                                          thethe
                                                                                               year
                                                                                                 year
                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                      ended
                                                                                                          3030
                                                                                                             June
                                                                                                               June
                                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                                                    2021
             complies
               complies
                      with
                         with
                            section
                              section300A
                                       300A
                                          of of   Corporations
                                             thethe Corporations ActAct
                                                                     2001.
                                                                        2001.

             Responsibilities
              Responsibilities
             TheThedirectors
                      directors
                             of of
                                thethe
                                     Company
                                       Company   areare
                                                      responsible
                                                        responsibleforfor
                                                                       thethe
                                                                            preparation
                                                                              preparation and
                                                                                            and
                                                                                              presentation
                                                                                                 presentation
                                                                                                            of of
                                                                                                                thethe
             remuneration
                remuneration  report
                                 report
                                      in in
                                          accordance
                                            accordance  with   section
                                                             section
                                                          with          300A
                                                                      300A      thethe
                                                                             of of     Corporations
                                                                                     Corporations         2001.
                                                                                                       2001.
                                                                                                   ActAct     OurOurresponsibility
                                                                                                                       responsibility
             is is
                to to
                   express
                      express
                            ananopinion
                                   opiniononon
                                             thethe
                                                  remuneration
                                                     remuneration report,  based
                                                                     report,  basedononour
                                                                                         our
                                                                                           audit
                                                                                             audit
                                                                                                 conducted
                                                                                                   conductedin in
                                                                                                                accordance
                                                                                                                  accordancewith
                                                                                                                               with
             Australian
                AustralianAuditing
                             AuditingStandards.
                                       Standards.




             PricewaterhouseCoopers
               PricewaterhouseCoopers




             Marc
               Marc
                  Upcroft
                     Upcroft                                                                                        Sydney
                                                                                                                       Sydney
             Partner
               Partner                                                                                       1919
                                                                                                                August
                                                                                                                  August
                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                                         2021




222 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                      9191
                                                                                     Shareholder information FY21 Annual Report




Shareholder information

Capital (as at 20 September 2021)
Share Capital                                                                                                           1,832,939,244

Ordinary shareholders                                                                                                          34,255

Shareholdings with less than a marketable parcel of $500 worth of ordinary shares                                                    1,712

Market price (closing price on the Australian Securities Exchange as at 29 September 2021)                                     A$3.48


Distribution of Fully Paid Shares (as at 29 September 2021)

Range                                    Securities                        %               No. of Holders                              %
100,001 and Over                     1,642,837,000                      89.63                          270                           0.79

10,001 to 100,000                       115,645,401                      6.31                         4,731                          13.81

5,001 to 10,000                          33,531,722                      1.83                        4,543                       13.26

1,001 to 5,000                           35,587,775                      1.94                       13,553                       39.57

1 to 1,000                                5,337,346                      0.29                         11,158                     32.57

Total                                1,832,939,244                    100.00                       34,255                      100.00

Unmarketable Parcels                         118,103                     0.01                         1,712                          5.00


Substantial Shareholders (as at 20 August 2021)
                                                                                                          Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                               Number                  %
Van Eck Global                                                                                           177,129,071                 9.66

Australian Super                                                                                        124,218,972                  6.78

Total                                                                                                 301,348,043                16.35

The disclosed number of ordinary shares held by substantial shareholders may not be equal to the actual number of ordinary
shares held as at 21 September 2021 as only movements of at least 1% are required to be notified to the Australian Securities
Exchange.




                                                                                Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 223
FY21 Annual Report Shareholder information




Twenty Largest Shareholders (as at 21 September 2021)
                                                                                                       Fully Paid Ordinary Shares
                                                                                      Current                            Issued
Name
                                                                                      balance                          capital %
HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                         805,545,558                              43.95
J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                          377,275,235                             20.58
CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                      163,266,571                               8.91
NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                           70,385,173                              3.84
BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                           49,788,988                                2.72
BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD SIX SIS LTD                                            17,544,204                              0.96
BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                         12,852,901                             0.70
HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                           12,829,395                              0.70
BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM                                         12,180,793                             0.66
ROXI PTY LIMITED                                                                     8,800,218                              0.48
BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                         7,767,953                              0.42
CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                         7,224,519                             0.39
SMARTEQUITY EIS PTY LTD                                                              5,432,067                              0.30
LUJETA PTY LTD                                                                       4,507,692                              0.25
PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                      3,999,994                               0.22
MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                       3,024,231                               0.16
NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                        2,447,436                               0.13
AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                     2,259,865                               0.12
NEWECONOMY COM AU NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                               2,209,495                               0.12
NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                        2,045,585                               0.11


Total                                                                            1,571,387,873                             85.73


TOTAL                                                                            1,571,387,873                             85.73
Balance of Register                                                                261,551,371                             14.27
Grand TOTAL                                                                     1,832,939,244                            100.00



1.5 Share Buy-Backs
There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.


2.       Other Information
Evolution Mining Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by Shares.




224 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Corporate Information FY21 Annual Report




Corporate Information
ABN 74 084 669 036


Board of Directors
Jake Klein 		                 Executive Chairman
Lawrie Conway 		              Finance Director and CFO
Tommy McKeith 		              Lead Independent Director
Jim Askew 		                  Non-executive Director
Jason Attew 		                Non-executive Director
Andrea Hall 		                Non-executive Director
Vicky Binns 		                Non-executive Director
Peter Smith 		                Non-executive Director


Company Secretary
Evan Elstein


Registered and principal office
Level 24, 175 Liverpool Street
Sydney NSW 2000
T: +61 (0)2 9696 2900
F: +61 (0)2 9696 2901


Share Register
Link Market Services
Level 12, 680 George Street
SYDNEY NSW 2000
T: +61 1300 554 474
F: +61 2 9287 0303


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers
One International Towers Sydney Watermans Quay
BARANGAROO NSW 2000
T: +61 2 8266 0000
F: +61 2 8266 9999


Website
www.evolutionmining.com.au
Stock Exchange Listing
Evolution Mining Limited (EVN) shares are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange




                                                                             Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 225
FY21 Annual Report




                                               This page is intentionally left blank.




226 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
                                                                 FY21 Annual Report




This page is intentionally left blank.




                                   Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021 227
FY21 Annual Report




                                               This page is intentionally left blank.




228 Evolution Mining Limited // Annual Report 2021
McFinley operation, Red Lake, Ontario
   Level 24, 175 Liverpool Street SYDNEY NSW 2000

 +61 2 9696 2900
 +61 2 9696 2901

 www.evolutionmining.com.au
