                     Annual Report
                     2020




ioneer Ltd
ABN 76 098 564 606
Contents
Highlights .................................................... 1   Directors’ report ........................................ 17
Chairman’s letter . ........................................ 2      Auditor’s independence declaration............ 24
Who we are .....................................................4   Remuneration report . ................................ 25
Operational report . ..................................... 6        Financial statements .................................. 45
Environmental and social                                            Directors’ declaration. ................................ 70
responsibility report . ................................. 11
                                                                    Independent auditors report. ..................... 71
Board of Directors ..................................... 14
                                                                    Other information ...................................... 76
Senior Executives . ..................................... 15
                                                                    Shareholder and ASX information .............. 79
Financial report . ........................................ 16
                                                                    Corporate directory ..................................IBC




AGM
The ioneer Annual General Meeting will be held at 10am on Friday, 6 November 2020.

In response to government restrictions and the potential health risks associated with
COVID-19, this year the Company’s AGM will be held virtually. There will not be a
physical meeting where shareholders can attend but shareholders can participate in the
meeting online via https://web.lumiagm.com/379453410.




ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                      100%-OWNED


IONEER
                                                      RHYOLITE RIDGE
                                                      Lithium-Boron Project in
                                                      Nevada, USA


Providing the materials for a                         26-YEAR PLUS
sustainable and thriving planet.                      MINE LIFE
                                                         20,600 tonnes lithium carbonate
                                                         forecast annually in years 1-3
  Demonstrated potential to become a world-class
  lithium-boron project                                  22,000 tonnes lithium hydroxide
                                                         forecast annual production
  DFS confirms plans for a large, long life,             from year 4
  low cost operation                                     174,400 tonnes boric acid
                                                         forecast annual production
  Co-production of lithium and boron on-site
  secures ioneer’s position as the lowest cost
  lithium producer in the world
                                                      WORLD-SCALE
  Strategically advantageous location in a tier-one
  mining jurisdiction with easy access to key US
                                                      RESOURCE
  and Asian markets                                      Large Mineral Resource of
                                                         146.5 million tonnes
  Set to produce two materials essential in a
                                                         Large Ore Reserve of 60.0 million
  modern world and well-positioned to capitalise
                                                         tonnes
  on forecast electric vehicle demand boom in 2023
                                                         Ore Mined over 26 years of
  Substantially completed offtake for boron              63.8 million tonnes
  production, while advancing discussions with a
                                                         Significant expansion potential
  range of potential strategic and funding partners

  Highly experienced board and management with
  necessary skills to develop, build and operate a    LOWEST COST
  world-class lithium-boron mine
                                                      LITHIUM PRODUCER
  Engaged top-tier mining, engineering, processing    GLOBALLY
  and environmental partners in Fluor, Golder,
                                                      benefitting from co-production
  Veolia, and SNC Lavalin
                                                      of boron, unique mineralogy and
                                                      physical properties of asset



                                                      A STRATEGIC ASSET
                                                      as the US looks to diversify and
                                                      secure its supply of battery metals



                                                                                             1
Chairman’s letter



It’s been a milestone period for the Company.
In particular, the delivery of the DFS confirmed our
long-held view that Rhyolite Ridge is a world-class
asset with robust economics for a low cost, large-
scale and long-life Project.
                                                                                           James D. Calaway
                                                                                         Executive Chairman



Dear Shareholders,
It is with great pride and enthusiasm that ioneer presents the         whose interests and capabilities support and advance our
Company’s 2020 Annual Report.                                          business plans. We have been engaged in discussions with a
                                                                       range of strategic players over the past year; however, we realised
It has been a year of significant progress for ioneer. The extensive
                                                                       that the results of the work related to the Pilot Plant and the
work delivered in FY 2020 allows the Company to start the new
                                                                       delivery of our comprehensive DFS were key to advancing those
year with momentum to complete the Project engineering,
                                                                       discussions to conclusion. Now, as the 2020 fiscal year closes, we
obtain environmental approvals, fund the project, and commence
                                                                       are pleased to have important potential partners continuing their
construction of our flagship Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron project
                                                                       detailed due diligence.
in Nevada, USA.
                                                                       Once the strategic partnering process is completed, ioneer
Central to this momentum was the delivery of the Definitive
                                                                       will assess remaining capital requirements to support our ‘Final
Feasibility Study (DFS) in April 2020. The DFS was delivered
                                                                       Investment Decision’ (FID) with the support of Goldman Sachs,
almost four years to the day that ioneer’s CEO first set foot on
                                                                       who are assisting and advising the Company in completing our
the Rhyolite Ridge deposit. The DFS results confirmed our belief
                                                                       funding solution.
that the project was a world-class asset with a large reserve and
resource, long life, and an all-in sustaining cash cost at the very    We were also very pleased to have appointed experienced
bottom of the global lithium cost curve.                               finance and investment manager, Julian Babarczy, to the ioneer
                                                                       Board in June 2020.
The conclusion of the DFS was the culmination of four years
of hard work by ioneer and its committed team of contractors.          Our achievements this year have been delivered in spite of a
The achievement of this key milestone, informed by our world           challenging overall macro environment, which had a notable
class Pilot Plant, has given the Company high confidence in the        impact on the lithium sector. Lithium prices have materially
robust economics of the Project and a discerning understanding         deteriorated, putting a number of projects under significant
of our flowsheets and construction plans. The confidence from          pressure, with those on the higher end of the cost curve taking
this extensive work led the Company to continue detailed               the brunt of the downturn.
engineering activities, even in these challenging times, in order to
                                                                       This situation has been exasperated and prolonged by the
be construction ready in Q2 2021, and achieve first production in
                                                                       COVID-19 pandemic. The complete shutdown of the global
mid-2023.
                                                                       auto sector in the first half of 2020 slashed demand, exposed
Our Project is also compelling from an environmental perspective.      growing lithium stockpiles, and greatly impacted the pre-
Our core mission is to produce the materials necessary for a           pandemic mismatch between supply and demand. As a result,
sustainable future. To honour this mission, our plans have been        the anticipated 2020 work down of lithium inventories has been
very carefully designed to deliver an environmentally sensitive        delayed into late 2020 or early 2021.
and economically feasible project that ensures the least possible
                                                                       We anticipate that the industry will continue to face headwinds
impact to local flora and fauna. We have worked for more than
                                                                       in the short-term, and are therefore controlling what is within our
two years to complete multiple environmental baseline studies,
                                                                       control during this time, remaining laser-focused on securing
which comprise the basis of our Plan of Operations – a major
                                                                       our funding and permitting, while preparing for the mid-term
undertaking this past year. We are pleased that this work has
                                                                       to ensure that we are ideally placed to capitalise on demand
been extensively reviewed and accepted by the Bureau of Land
                                                                       recovery and likely supply shortages, as governments across
Management (BLM) allowing the Environmental Impact Study
                                                                       the globe increasingly promulgate incentive systems to rapidly
(“EIS”) approval process to continue.
                                                                       reduce reliance on fossil fuels and lowering greenhouse gas
Central to Project delivery is our funding strategy, a key             emissions. The plethora of new and exciting electric vehicle
component of which is the identification of a strategic partner        offerings across a wider price point in the mid-term, coupled with



2    ioneer Annual Report 2020
these governmental policies will drive the surge in electric vehicle   I also want to thank our Board of Directors, who are as dedicated
uptake globally. ioneer believes these likely developments will        as our management team, for the past year of endless work,
shift the winds in the industry, and usher in a strong tailwind for    commitment to good governance, and wise counsel.
lithium producers at the bottom of the cost curve.
                                                                       And finally, I want to thank our shareholders for their patience,
To this end, Rhyolite Ridge is extremely well-positioned as the        understanding and support in a year where the macro conditions
only DFS level project in the United States and the most advanced      of our industry have translated into disappointing market
lithium project in North America. Even more, Rhyolite Ridge’s          performance. As we enter into the new fiscal year, we are
unique minerology enables us to generate two important revenue         optimistic about what lies ahead for our Company and look
streams, with the co-production of boron solidifying the Project’s     forward to delivering on our objectives and driving value for
position at the very bottom of the global lithium cost curve, while    our shareholders.
benefitting ioneer with critically important revenue stability.
                                                                       With appreciation,
Let me take a moment to thank our remarkable team, led by our
able and dedicated CEO, Bernard Rowe. The growing Reno-
based team, along with our terrific engineering, procurement
and construction partner, Fluor Corporation, and related
support contractors, have continued to meet the challenge of
demonstrating excellence in execution and driving our Project to       James D. Calaway
conclusion despite the difficulties of COVID-19 we have faced this     Executive Chairman
                                                                       ioneer Ltd
year. Spirits are high, and the team remains fully committed to our
core mission to make ioneer a leading, environmentally sensitive                                                         Document No.: RR30-1000-91-PM-REP-0000
                                                                                                                                                     March 2020
producer of the materials critical to a sustainable future.

                                                                                                   IONEER USA Corp.
                                                                                                   Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project

                                                                                                   Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) Report




                                                                                                                                   Rhyolite Ridge Process Plant




                                                                                               A key milestone was the delivery
                                                                                                       of the DFS in April 2020




ioneer Managing Director,
Bernard Rowe, standing on
outcrop hill leading a site visit




               Looking north toward
          outcrop hill at the Rhyolite
         Ridge Lithium-Boron Project


                                                                                                                                                                  3
Who we are




The Company’s 100%-owned Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in
Nevada, USA provides a substantial foundation for ioneer to become
a responsible and profitable producer of the materials necessary for a
sustainable future.


ioneer is an emerging lithium-boron                                 Nevada is one of the most attractive, mining-friendly jurisdictions
                                                                    globally with a large pool of skilled labour, well-established
producer that is set to become the single                           infrastructure, and proximity to the Tesla Gigafactory and
most attractive lithium project globally.                           California ports. Rhyolite Ridge is a strategically important
                                                                    deposit as the USA works to secure and diversify its supply of
Rhyolite Ridge is one of only two known large lithium-boron         battery metals and other critical metals essential to modern life
deposits globally. In 2020, ioneer delivered its DFS which          and the future.
confirmed the Project’s scale, long life and potential to become
a low-cost and globally significant producer of both lithium and    The Company has a highly experienced board and management
boron products.                                                     with the necessary skills to develop, build and operate a world-
                                                                    class lithium-boron mine in the United States. The ioneer team
Rhyolite Ridge’s unique mineralogy and physical properties of       is complemented by top-tier mining, engineering, processing
the Rhyolite Ridge ore allows for a flowsheet that combines         and environmental partners including Fluor, Golder, Veolia, and
commercially available processes and equipment to produce           SNC Lavalin.
lithium and boron end-products at the mine site without the
need for solar evaporation or high-temperature roasting.
Revenue generated from the operation is forecast to be split
between lithium (70%) and boron (30%), ensuring a diversified
and stable revenue mix.
Importantly, with the boron credit, ioneer is set to achieve an
all-in sustaining cash cost at the bottom of the cost curve for
lithium globally.
Lithium and boron are used in a diverse range of everyday
items and innovative technologies that are essential to modern
life. Lithium in particular is linked directly to emerging clean
technologies and is an irreplaceable component for batteries
essential to electric vehicles. ioneer is well-positioned to
capitalise on the lithium supply deficit forecast to rapidly
accelerate by 2023.
Lithium carbonate (years 1-3), lithium hydroxide (year 4 onwards)
and boric acid end products will be produced at site,
differentiating Rhyolite Ridge from other projects.




          Satellite image of the basin outline with drill
           holes highlights expansion opportunities to
                              the north, south and east


4    ioneer Annual Report 2020
Low-risk, mining friendly jurisdiction proximate to the Pacific coast
for entrance into US and Asian end markets.




     Rhyolite
      Ridge




ADVANTAGES
    COMPELLING PROJECT                          LOWEST COST LITHIUM                          LARGE DEPOSIT
    ECONOMICS                                   PRODUCER GLOBALLY                            26-year mine life with verified
    Long mine life with rapid payback of        All in sustaining cash cost at the bottom    expansion potential.
    capital: 5.2 years from first production.   of the global lithium cost curve with
                                                co‑production of boron.


    WELL-DEFINED PROCESS                        LOW RISK LOCATION                            SUSTAINABLE PROJECT
    FLOWSHEET                                   US Advantage, mining friendly jurisdiction   Small footprint, low emissions,
    Open pit, low cost, proven                  proximal to Tesla Gigafactory and            low water usage.
    technology.                                 California export ports.



                                                                                                                           5
Operational report


                                                At an all-in sustaining cash cost of $2,510 per metric
                                                tonne net of boric acid revenue, Rhyolite Ridge
                                                is the single most attractive lithium resource to
                                                economically produce lithium carbonate, lithium
                                                hydroxide, and boric acid globally.
                                                Bernard Rowe
                                                CEO and Managing Director




The fiscal year ended June 2020 was a                                 Over the past year, ioneer has also achieved:

significant one for ioneer, delivering its                            • A 280% upgrade to the Ore Reserve estimate for Rhyolite
                                                                        Ridge and a 26% increase in boron grades;
Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) that
                                                                      • Significant progress in its state and federal permitting
validated Rhyolite Ridge as a world-class                               processes;
resource with significant value creation                              • Expansion of its research agreement with the University
potential. The DFS demonstrates ioneer’s                                of Nevada, Reno (UNR) for the conservation of Tiehm’s
potential to become a major, low-cost                                   buckwheat, with the study yielding early success in
and long-term US source of lithium and                                  germination rates; and,

a credible alternative to spodumene and                               • Continued discussions with a range of potential strategic and
                                                                        financing partners.
brine deposits that dominate supply in
the lithium market today.                                             • Significant boric acid offtake and sales and distribution
                                                                        agreements.
The unique mineralogy and physical properties of the lithium-
boron ore at Rhyolite Ridge, combined with the commercially           Definitive Feasibility Study
available processes and equipment, have enabled ioneer to             In April 2020, ioneer delivered its Rhyolite Ridge DFS, undertaken
secure its position at the bottom of the global lithium cost curve.   by independent and globally recognised engineering firm Fluor
At an all in sustaining cash cost to produce battery grade lithium    Enterprises (Fluor) along with a world class team of associated
hydroxide of $2,510 per metric tonne net of boric acid revenue,       engineering and equipment suppliers. The DFS validates Rhyolite
Rhyolite Ridge is the single most attractive lithium resource to      Ridge as a world-class resource with significant value creation
economically produce lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and        potential due to its very low-cost, large-scale operation and long
boric acid globally.                                                  mine life.




6    ioneer Annual Report 2020
The Project is located in Nevada, United States, a stable, low-risk   The current 26-year mine plan is made up almost entirely of
mining-friendly jurisdiction with a large pool of skilled labour      Reserve material (94%), and of that nearly 50% is Proved Ore
and well-established infrastructure. Importantly, its location        Reserve. The resource remains open in three directions allowing
places the project in close proximity to the Tesla Gigafactory and    for a potential extension to the life of the mine or expansion
California export ports, enabling it to supply key US and Asian       opportunities in the future.
end markets.
The DFS places Rhyolite Ridge as the single most attractive
                                                                      Compelling project economics confirmed by DFS
Project for the economic production of lithium carbonate, lithium
hydroxide and boric acid globally. The DFS analysis positions
ioneer, on an LCE basis, as the lowest cost lithium producer
                                                                            After-tax NPV                      Unlevered
globally with an estimated all-in sustaining cash cost to produce             (8% real)                       After-tax IRR

                                                                          US$1.27B                             ~21%
battery grade lithium hydroxide of US$2,510 per metric tonne net
of boric acid revenue.
The DFS also confirms that the Project has the most stable
overall operating cost structure for the production of lithium
carbonate and battery grade lithium hydroxide due to the scale                 Annual
                                                                                                           Annual Revenue
and reliability of its boric acid credit. The extensive bench and        After-tax Cashflow
                                                                                                          US$422M
pilot scale testwork conducted by Fluor, Kemetco Research and
Kappes Cassiday, with support from Veolia and FLSmidth, has
proven highly successful with excellent recoveries, the innovative        US$193M
use of proven processing technologies, and the production of
high purity lithium and boric acid products.
During the extensive DFS process, Project plans were further              Estimated Capex                   Rapid payback

                                                                          US$785M                          5.2 years
developed and refined, helping to ensure predictable,
sustainable and very low operating costs for the life of the
Project. This includes the addition of a steam turbine for power
generation, which will provide the entire operation with enough
energy to be fully self-sufficient.




DFS SCHEMATIC OF RHYOLITE RIDGE PROCESSING PLANT




                                                                                                                                        7
Operational report continued
Reserve & Resource upgrade                                               State and federal permitting process
In April 2020, ioneer announced a 280% upgrade to the Ore                ioneer has progressed significantly in state and federal
Reserve estimate for Rhyolite Ridge, based on a mining study             permitting processes.
completed by Golder Associates Inc. (Golder) for the Rhyolite
Ridge DFS.                                                               Plan of Operations submitted
The Ore Reserve increased by 44.2 mt and is now estimated                A formal Project Plan of Operations has been submitted to
to contain:                                                              the United States Bureau of Land Management (BLM) for the
                                                                         Rhyolite Ridge Project.
• 60.0 mt at 1,800 ppm lithium (equivalent to 1.0% lithium
  carbonate) and 15,400 ppm boron (equivalent to 8.8%                    Submission of the Plan is a significant step toward Project
  boric acid);                                                           approval. The Plan includes 14 baseline studies completed by
• 0.6 mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 5.3 mt of equivalent        the ioneer team and specialist consultants over a 2-year period
  boric acid.                                                            on areas of study including air quality, biology, cultural resources,
                                                                         groundwater, recreation, socioeconomics, soils and rangeland.
Approximately half (47%) of the Ore Reserve is now classified as         The BLM has contracted Stantec to prepare and complete an
Proved, the highest confidence category, with lithium and boron          Environmental Impact Statement for Rhyolite Ridge as part of the
grades in the Proved Reserve higher than those in the Probable           National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) process.
Reserve category. The planned Stage 1 quarry is exclusively
Proved Reserves with higher-than-average lithium grades, which           ioneer’s Plan reflects its strong commitment to creating a
will provide higher cash flow in the early years of the Project.         sustainable, environmentally friendly operation in line with its
                                                                         vision of becoming a responsible and profitable producer of the
Compared with the 2018 Ore Reserve estimate (prepared by                 materials necessary for a sustainable future. This includes a low
RPM Global), the overall lithium grade remained the same at              emissions processing plant, an extraction process designed for
1.0% lithium carbonate, while the boron grade increased by 26%           low energy consumption and substantially reduced water usage,
in the total Ore Reserve, significantly lifting boric acid production.   a small surface mine footprint, and significant investment into its
The 2020 Mineral Resource is now estimated to contain:                   Tiehm’s buckwheat protection plan.
• 146.5 mt at 1,600 ppm lithium (equivalent to 0.9% lithium
  carbonate) and 14,200 ppm boron (equivalent to 8.1%
                                                                         Air & Water Quality permits submitted
  boric acid);                                                           A formal application for a Class II Air Quality Permit has been
                                                                         submitted by ioneer for the Rhyolite Ridge Project. Produced by
• 1.2 mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 11.9 mt of
                                                                         Trinity Consultants, an international environmental consulting firm
  equivalent boric acid.
                                                                         that specialises in industrial air quality issues, projected results of
The Ore Reserve provides the foundation for a very long Project          the permit application are indicative of ioneer’s commitment to
mine life and the Mineral Resource underpins clear potential for         environmental stewardship.
expansion and extension.
                                                                         With off-grid, internally generated zero carbon dioxide power,
                                                                         low emissions and minimal hazardous air pollutants, Project
Pilot Plant                                                              source emissions are projected to be between 5% and 60% below
ioneer continued to operate its full-simulation Pilot Plant              the applicable permitting thresholds, and a “minor source” for all
located in Vancouver, Canada, under the oversight of Kemetco             permitted emissions.
Research Inc, one of Canada’s largest privately-owned contract
research and development laboratories, specialising in extractive        An application was also submitted to the Nevada Division of
metallurgy, chemical processing and specialty chemical analysis.         Environmental Protection, Bureau of Mining Regulation and
                                                                         Reclamation (BMRR) for a Water Pollution Control Permit,
Extensive testwork was undertaken to simulate and optimise               necessary for the construction of any mining facility. Water
the proposed commercial flowsheet for the DFS. This work has             pollution control permits are subject to public review and notice
continued to play a critical role in ensuring a comprehensive            requirements and must be reviewed every five years.
understanding of the process flowsheet and has resulted in
improved engineering design and operating plans.                         Economic Impact Study
Initial boric acid produced by the Pilot Plant contained very            In May 2020, ioneer released in Nevada the results of a report
low levels of impurities and was found to be a premium-grade             assessing the estimated economic impact of the Rhyolite Ridge
product. Further analysis confirmed that the lithium carbonate           Lithium-Boron Project. The Economic Impact Study was developed
produced at the Pilot Plant met or exceeded the specifications           by Applied Analysis, an independent, Nevada-based consulting
required by customers for technical grade lithium carbonate.             firm with extensive experience in preparing economic and fiscal
                                                                         impact analyses. Applied Analysis reviewed and analysed the
The Pilot Plant has continued to play an important role in
                                                                         economic, fiscal and social impacts associated with the Project
deepening discussions with potential partners and has been
                                                                         from construction through the proposed mine’s expected life.
demonstrated to 20 potential strategic and financing partners
throughout the year. Output from the Pilot Plant will continue to        The findings of the Study suggest that the Project will generate
be used to advance discussions with potential customers and              between US$15 billion to US$35 billion in total economic output,
partners.                                                                including a total labour income of US$3 billion to US$6 billion,
                                                                         based on the firm’s “median” case assumptions over the
                                                                         modelled 26 and 60‑year mine life.


8    ioneer Annual Report 2020
Tiehm’s buckwheat preservation                                        Seedlings have been planted at Rhyolite Ridge in a
                                                                      demonstration of ioneer’s commitment to proactively protect
In April 2020, ioneer announced the expansion of its research
                                                                      the Tiehm’s buckwheat population and ensuring it thrives in its
agreement with the University of Nevada, Reno (UNR), funding a
                                                                      natural environment.
five-year study that will focus on the successful propagation and
growth of Tiehm’s buckwheat at its Rhyolite Ridge Project.            ioneer has continued to engage with community and government
                                                                      stakeholders, including participation in public workshops
The expanded agreement comes following researchers
                                                                      associated with the listing process for Tiehm’s buckwheat and
reporting early success, with the UNR research team successfully
                                                                      providing information to the related government agencies.
growing over one thousand Tiehm’s buckwheat seedlings
from seeds collected at Rhyolite Ridge in supercell pots at the       Environmental stewardship is at the core of ioneer’s mission to
UNR greenhouse.                                                       develop the unique Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron operation that
                                                                      will produce large quantities of vital materials critical to reducing
                                                                      greenhouse gas emissions.




 Pilot Plant impurity removal reactors                               Kemetco Pilot Plant site visit




 Rhyolite Ridge Processing Plant


     Plant Utilities                               Evaporation/Crystallization                   Lithium Hydroxide Circuit (Expansion)
     Sulphur Supply                                Vat Leach Plant                               Reagents
     Power Plant                                   Lithium Carbonate Circuit                     Boric Acid Circuit
     Sulphuric Acid Plant                          Ore handling/Sizing and Storage




                                                                                                                                          9
Operational report continued
Strategic Partner & Offtake discussions                               Together the Agreement accounted for 100% of ioneer’s first year
                                                                      of boric acid production and over 80% of years two and three
Over the last 12 months, ioneer has made notable progress
                                                                      boric acid production, with highly respected boron sales and
on its funding solution process, with the support of its financial
                                                                      distribution companies in key Asian jurisdictions.
advisors. In December 2019 and May 2020, ioneer made
announcements related to three separate offtake and sales and         The signing of these Agreements substantially completes the
distribution agreements for its boric acid supply, securing nearly    core components of ioneer’s Asian boric acid marketing plan to
100% of its boric acid production in years one through three of       secure direct offtake or distribution and sales agreements with
operations. ioneer has continued to advance its discussions with      recognised industry participants for major Asian countries.
a wide range of strategic players who could become part of its
                                                                      ioneer has also signed a letter of intent with Shell Canada for the
funding solution.
                                                                      purchase of 60% of sulphur requirements, totalling 250,000 tonnes
In November 2019, ioneer completed a fully subscribed                 annually. This represents one of the first steps toward securing key
underwritten institutional placement to professional and              reagents for the proposed acid leaching of the Project’s lithium-
sophisticated investors, raising A$40million at A$0.20 per share,     boron Searlesite ore.
the proceeds of which are being used to advance the Project
toward a Final Investment Decision through the completion of          Strategic Partnering
the DFS, advancing its detailed engineering, completion of the        ioneer intends to fund its Project with various sources of capital
environmental approval process, and ongoing working capital.          including strategic partnering, debt and equity. ioneer views a
                                                                      strategic partner as central to this funding solution. It is currently
Ongoing Offtake Discussions                                           in advanced discussions with a wide range of strategic players
Product samples from ioneer’s Pilot Plant have been sent to over      who would become part of this funding solution.
30 potential customers for offtake negotiations. During the year,
                                                                      These discussions are progressing well, despite the economic
ioneer signed significant agreements with several key partners:
                                                                      disturbance of COVID-19, which is a strong reflection of the
• A binding offtake agreement with Dalian Jinma Boron                 significant value that ioneer is positioned to deliver over the life
  Technology Group Co. Ltd for 105,000 tonnes per annum               of the Project.
  of boric acid for five years, which included a distribution
  agreement for the territories of China and Taiwan,                  ioneer, along with its advisors, will seek to continue engaging
  commencing in Q1 2023.                                              with various interested parties as we move closer to securing the
                                                                      Project’s funding solution.
• A three-year sales and distribution agreement with Kintamani
  Resources Pte Limited for the territories of Malaysia, Indonesia,
  Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam and the Philippines.
• A three-year sales and distribution agreement with Boron
  Bazar Limited (Boron Bazar) for the territories of Bangladesh,
  India, Pakistan and Myanmar.
                                                                      Bernard Rowe
                                                                      Managing Director




 Lithium Carbonate product sample




10   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Environmental and social responsibility report




At ioneer, our mission is rooted in producing the materials necessary
for a sustainable future as we work to become a globally significant
and responsible producer and supplier of lithium and boron.



Over the course of fiscal year 2020, we                                     According to Benchmark Minerals, EVs are predicted to reach
                                                                            10% of total new car sales globally by 2025, driving demand for
continued to develop the Baseline Studies                                   lithium-ion batteries above 400 GWh that same year. A significant
and Plan of Operations for the Rhyolite                                     portion of the global demand for lithium-ion batteries comes
Ridge Project. Central to this Plan is the                                  from China, where the government is pushing for all-electric
                                                                            battery cars and plug-in hybrids to account for at least 20% of its
responsible extraction of lithium and                                       vehicle sales by 2025. Meanwhile, China already produces 55% of
boron and providing shared economic,                                        lithium-ion batteries globally, and its share is forecast to grow to
environmental and social value.                                             65%, according to Bloomberg.
                                                                            In the U.S. and Europe, there is significant growth in demand
With ESR at the core of our business, the adoption of best-in-              forecast in key auto markets yet very little domestic supply is
class practices is a future area of focus for the Company. As               in the pipeline. Rhyolite Ridge will be a secure, reliable and
we progress toward construction and into production, we are                 sustainable source of this critical raw material, ready to be sold
committed to continuing to expand our disclosure and reporting              directly into these global battery supply chains.
practices in this area.
                                                                            Boron is a rare, critical raw material and one of the most versatile
This year, we are pleased to lay the foundation for the future by           elements in the world. With more than 130 unique applications,
establishing sustainability pillars that will drive our efforts for years   from glass, to insulation, to agriculture and industrial uses. Boron
to come.                                                                    is also an important component in powerful magnets for electric
                                                                            cars and wind turbines as well as advanced glass for solar panels.
                                                                            With global demand for boric acid consistently rising at 4%
                                                                            annually, the market for boric acid is expected to start tightening
                                                                            dramatically as soon as 2021. Without Rhyolite Ridge, demand
                                                                            is expected to exceed supply by 2024, which supports the
                                                     People &               assumption that the market needs additional capacity.
 Clean energy             Environment
                                                    Community               Through the environmentally-sensitive development of the
                                                                            Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project, ioneer will unlock much
                                                                            needed western supply of lithium and boric acid to support
                                                                            global initiatives toward decarbonisation and clean energy
      CLEAN ENERGY                                                          solutions across a wide range of end uses and geographies.

Producing the materials for a greener future
ioneer is set to become a globally significant supplier of lithium               ENVIRONMENT
carbonate, lithium hydroxide and boric acid, which are vital
materials to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and creating a               Environmentally-friendly operation
globally sustainable future.                                                The unique mineralogy of Rhyolite Ridge allows both lithium
Lithium is a critical raw material to enable technologies that may          and boron to be extracted in a low-cost and environmentally
reduce contributions to climate change. It is an irreplaceable              responsible manner.
component for lithium-ion batteries, which are essential to electric        We will produce lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and boric
vehicles (EVs) and green energy storage systems that lead to                acid using off-grid, energy-efficient processes with minimal
emission reductions.                                                        carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from heat and electricity
As a result of the global push toward decarbonisation and                   generation, resulting in a processing plant with low emissions of
green energy solutions, the global lithium market has also been             greenhouse gases and minimal hazardous air pollutants. The final
expanding rapidly.                                                          processing design was derived after thousands of hours of bench


                                                                                                                                                 11
Environmental and social responsibility report
continued

and pilot plant tests with our partner Kemetco Research, and              Community engagement has been a critical component of our
extensive work by the Project’s engineering team, led by Fluor.           strategy and workstreams since day one and we continue to
                                                                          create and invest in local initiatives to further support and deepen
Water usage associated with the process is extremely low
                                                                          our relationships in the community. In 2020, we have hosted two
compared to other lithium producers that utilise brine extraction
                                                                          community meetings, bringing together a significant number of
and solar evaporation. The design is based on the recycling of
                                                                          community members and ioneer representatives to discuss the
the majority of water usage, which further reduces make-up water
                                                                          Project and the opportunities that it will afford Esmeralda County.
demand.
Low-energy consumption, substantially reduced water usage,
and a relatively small surface footprint make Rhyolite Ridge a             ioneer Sustainable World Scholarship
sustainable, environmentally friendly operation.                           In June 2020, we were proud to announce recipients of
                                                                           our inaugural ioneer Sustainable World Scholarship, which
Air quality on site will be strictly maintained with the Project’s
                                                                           was established to invest in Nevada’s future by supporting
use of the lowest emission class of mobile equipment, and
                                                                           Tonopah High School students pursuing higher education.
technology deployed in its sulphuric acid plant that guarantees
                                                                           In response to unprecedented hardships experienced by this
the lowest possible rate of emissions in large acid plants.
                                                                           year’s graduating students, we increased our commitment
ioneer has conducted in-depth analysis to quantify the emissions           to the scholarship program by selecting three recipients.
of greenhouse gases generated from the Project, the results of             The scholarships will provide financial support to the
which confirmed that the Project realises a significant benefit from       recipients throughout their 4 year college education.
the facility’s on-site power generation, thanks to its state of the art
sulphuric acid plant.
                                                                           TAAF Airmen’s Memorial
Tiehm’s buckwheat                                                          ioneer is a proud sponsor of the Tonopah Army Air Field (TAAF)
We are committed to protecting the local flora and fauna in the            Airmen’s Memorial, which honours the 121 airmen that lost their
region. A critical component of our environmental strategy is the          lives at the TAAF during World War II. The memorial includes a
preservation of Tiehm’s buckwheat, a small perennial herb that is          plaque with the names of the airmen, a B-24 Liberator engine,
native to Rhyolite Ridge. We have developed and implemented a              as well as benches and landscaping to create a public space
comprehensive Tiehm’s buckwheat protection plan, that includes             for the community on Main Street. The memorial has served
strict environmental protection measures. These measures have been         as a reminder of Tonopah’s rich military history and generated
in place since exploration commenced at Rhyolite Ridge in 2016.            significant community interest and support.

In line with this initiative, ioneer announced in April 2020 the
expansion of its research agreement with the University of                Our People
Nevada, Reno (UNR), advising that it would fund a 5-year research         Over the past year we have expanded our team with a range
and propagation program with UNR. This followed early success             of experts from the mining, finance and energy industries who
by the UNR research team growing more than a thousand                     are committed to supporting ioneer toward achieving our
Tiehm’s buckwheat seedlings in the UNR greenhouse from seeds              sustainability vision.
collected at the site, with germination rates far exceeding initial
                                                                          The high-quality additions to our Board and Management team
expectations and a high transplant survival rate.
                                                                          bring the relevant skills and experience to foster and support
ioneer has actively participated in workshops associated with             our vision for sustainability. Their leadership and governance of
state listing processes for Tiehm’s buckwheat. This included              initiatives, now and into the future, will ensure that ioneer is able
ioneer representatives delivering presentations to participants on        to become a responsible and profitable producer.
its efforts to ensure that the plant and its habitat are protected,
                                                                          The ioneer Board is continuing an overall evaluation of its Board
and that the potential impacts caused by development of
                                                                          and management team, seeking the right composition and
the Rhyolite Ridge Project are minimised. We remain in close
                                                                          structure as we enter this next phase of growth. We continue our
coordination with the Nevada Division of Forestry (Department
                                                                          commitment to building a culture that reflects our values of being
of Conservation and Natural Resources) and the U.S. Fish and
                                                                          imaginative, caring, committed and responsible.
Wildlife Service.

                                                                          Governance
        PEOPLE & COMMUNITY                                                We are committed to ensuring best practice and operate within
                                                                          the frameworks of a number of internal policies. The Disclosure,
There is significant potential for ioneer to make a positive impact
                                                                          Diversity, Shareholder Communications, Trading, Whistleblower
on the environment across the globe and that potential starts in
                                                                          and Anti-Bribery & Corruption policies, as well as the overarching
and with the support of the local communities in which we operate.
                                                                          Code of Conduct, make clear our commitment to ensuring
The Rhyolite Ridge Project could have a tremendous positive               ethical and sustainable operations for our employees, partners,
economic impact on Esmeralda County, adjacent counties, the               shareholders and other key stakeholders.
state of Nevada and the entire country over multiple decades. In
                                                                          Transparency and best practice are formally monitored through
the near term, it is expected to create 400-500 construction jobs
                                                                          management level committee charters, including the Audit
and 200-300 high-paying operating jobs.
                                                                          and Risk Committee Charter, Nomination and Remuneration
                                                                          Committee Charter and Board and Governance Charter.




12   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Planting underway of Tiehm’s buckwheat at Rhyolite Ridge                            Tiehm’s buckwheat seedlings UNR greenhouse




Dyer community meeting January 2020                               Dyer community meeting July 2020




                                            Recipients of the ioneer Sustainable World Scholarship from Tonopah High School




Transplanted Tiehm’s buckwheat              Community meeting July 2020




                                                                                                                                 13
Board of Directors




Mr James D Calaway                            Mr Bernard Rowe                               Mr Julian Babarczy
Executive Chairman                            Managing Director                             Independent Non-executive
BA (Econ), MA (PP&E)                          BAppSc (Geology) (Hons)                       Director
Former: Non-exec Chairman of Orocobre         Founding Managing Director of INR since       B.Bus, Grad Dip. (Mineral
                                              IPO in 2007                                   Exploration Geosciences), CFA
James Calaway has considerable
experience and success in building            Bernard Rowe is a geologist, manager          Former: Head of Australian Equities,
young companies into successful               and company director with more than           Regal Funds Management
commercial enterprises. He was the            25 years’ international experience            Julian Babarczy has over 20 years finance
non‑executive chairman Orocobre Ltd           in mineral exploration and mine               and investment industry experience, over
for 8 years, helping lead the company         development. His diverse mineral              two-thirds of which was as a key member
from its earliest development to becoming     industry experience includes gold,            of the investment and leadership team at
a significant producer of lithium carbonate   copper, zinc, diamond, lithium and            Sydney-based Regal Funds Management,
and a member of the ASX 300.                  boron exploration in Australia, Europe,       one of Australia’s largest actively managed
                                              Africa, North America and South America.      and arguably most successful hedge funds.
                                                                                            Julian has broad investment experience
                                                                                            across a range of sectors, with a notable
                                                                                            speciality in natural resources.




Mr Alan Davies                                Mr Patrick Elliott                            Mr John Hofmeister
Independent Non-executive                     Independent Non-executive                     Independent Non-executive
Director                                      Director                                      Director
B.Bus (Accounting), LLB, LLM                  B.Comm, MBA Mineral Economics                 BA (Political Science), MA (Political
Former: CEO Energy & Industrial               Former: Head of corporate finance for         Science), PhD (Houston), D.Lit
Minerals, Rio Tinto                           Morgan Grenfell Australia Limited             (Kansas State)
Alan Davies has 20 years of experience in     Patrick Elliott is an experienced resources   Former: President of Shell Oil
running and leading mining businesses,        and industrial sector company director.       Company (USA)
most recently as chief executive, Energy &    In a career spanning over 45 years he         John Hofmeister was the president of Shell
Minerals with Rio Tinto. He has significant   has held senior executive positions with      Oil Company (U.S.A.) from 2005 to 2008
experience in industrial minerals             Consolidated Gold Fields Australia            and director of human resources. John also
businesses including borates where he         Limited and Morgan Grenfell Australia         has held executive leadership positions in
led the Rio Tinto Borax business and the      Limited. He then became an early stage        General Electric Company, Nortel Network
Jadar lithium-boron deposit in Serbia.        venture capital investor with an emphasis     Corporation and AlliedSignal (now
                                              on resources.                                 Honeywell International Inc.).



14   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Senior Executives




Mr Ian Bucknell                                Mr Ken Coon                                  Mr Yoshio Nagai
Chief Financial Officer & Company              Vice President Human Resources               Vice President Commercial Sales
secretary                                      BS.Bus Administration (Human                 & Marketing
B.Bus (Accounting), FCPA, GAICD                Resources)                                   Former: MD Fenic International Pte Ltd,
Former: CFO & Company Secretary AWE                                                         Sales VP Rio Tinto
                                               Former: HR VP Shell Downstream
Limited and Drillsearch Energy Limited         Technologies and Entergy HR Director         Yoshio Nagai is responsible for the sales
                                               Nuclear Division                             and marketing function of the company.
Ian Bucknell is responsible for the finance,
investor relations, IT and company                                                          He has more than 20 years chemical and
                                               Ken Coon is responsible for the human
secretarial functions of the company. He                                                    mining industry sales and marketing
                                               resource function of the company. He has
has more than 20 years of international                                                     experience, most recently as Sales Vice
                                               more than 30 years of human resources
resource sector experience, most recently                                                   President at the Rio Tinto Group Company
                                               experience holding international and
as chief financial officer and company                                                      accountable for borates, salt and talc
                                               regional leadership roles with Royal Dutch
secretary of AWE Limited.                                                                   products, in Asia and the USA.
                                               Shell’s downstream refining and chemicals
                                               organization and Entergy, a large US Gulf
                                               Coast utility company.




Mr Matt Weaver
Senior Vice President of
Engineering and Operations
BS Mech Engineering, MBA
Former: Project Manager BHPB, Guinea
Alumina Corp
Matt Weaver is responsible for all
engineering and operational aspects of
the Rhyolite Ridge lithium-boron Project
in Nevada and for delivering the project
through the Definitive Feasibility Study and
project execution and into full commercial
production. He has 30 years international
mining, having worked with BHP, Rio Tinto
and Newmont, and several junior mining
companies.


                                                                                                                                      15
     Financial Report
     For the year ended 30 June 2020




     Table of contents
     Directors’ report ...................................................................... 17
     Auditor’s independence declaration ....................................... 24
     Remuneration report ............................................................... 25
     Financial statements ................................................................ 41
           Consolidated statement of profit and
           loss and other comprehensive income ............................. 41
           Consolidated statement
           of financial position ........................................................... 42
           Consolidated statement
           of cashflows . ..................................................................... 43
           Consolidated statement
           of changes in equity .......................................................... 44
     Directors’ declaration .............................................................. 70
     Independent auditor’s report .................................................. 71
     Other information .................................................................... 76
     Shareholder and ASX information ........................................... 79
     Corporate directory ............................................................... IBC




16     ioneer Annual Report 2020
Directors’    report
   Directors’ Report
   The directors of ioneer Ltd present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of ioneer Ltd
   (‘ioneer’ or the ‘Company’) and its controlled entities (collectively the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2020
   and the Auditor’s report thereon.


   Operating and financial review


                                                                                                                                               Directors’ report
   The operating and financial review forms part of the Directors’ Report and has been prepared in accordance with
   section 299A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The information provided aims to assist users better understand the
   operations and financial position of the Group. To assist users, financial information included in this review contains
   non-IFRS financial information.

   The principal activity of the Group continues to be the development of the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project
   (Project) in Nevada, United States of America.

   Highlights of the financial year ended 30 June 2020




                                                                                                                                              Remuneration report
         •    The Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for Rhyolite Ridge was delivered in April, showing compelling Project
              economics with an after-tax NPV of US$1.265 billion, and an unlevered, after tax IRR of 20.8%.
                    o   Confirmed plans for a large, long-life, low-cost operation with an all-in sustaining cash cost to
                        produce lithium carbonate equivalent at the bottom of the global lithium cost curve.
         •    Total Ore Reserve for Rhyolite Ridge increased 280% to 60.5 million metric tonnes (mt) over the 26-year mine
              life.
         •    Significant progress was made on permitting the project:
                    o   The Project Plan of Operations was submitted to the United States Bureau of Land Management.
                    o   Key air and water quality permit applications were completed and submitted to relevant US
                        regulatory bodies.
                    o   Announced funding for a five-year study under a collaboration with the University of Nevada, Reno




                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
                        following successful results from a Tiehm’s Buckwheat growing trial from seed collected at Rhyolite
                        Ridge.
         •    Key milestones were achieved in sales & marketing:
                    o   Samples of high-quality lithium and boron end-products produced at the Pilot Plant were sent to
                        thirty potential off-take partners.
                    o   Lithium carbonate confirmed to contain exceptionally low levels of impurities, meeting or exceeding
                        customer specifications, in addition to previously announced high-purity lithium hydroxide.
                    o   Binding boric acid offtake agreement signed with the Dalian Jinma Group; a large diversified private
                        Chinese company focused on boron related products.
                    o   Three-year boric acid Distribution and Sales Agreements signed with Kintamani Resources Pte




                                                                                                                                              Other information
                        Limited, and Boron Bazar Limited, covering critical additional territories in Asia.
         •    On the corporate front:
                    o   Strategic partner discussions are progressing well with a range of potential strategic funding partners
                        for Rhyolite Ridge.
                    o   Completion of $40 million fully underwritten institutional placement with cornerstone investment
                        from Centaurus Capital LP
                    o   Experienced finance and investment manager Julian Babarczy joined the board as non-executive
                        director.

   Summary of performance and financial position


                                                                                                                                           Shareholder and ASX
    Year ended 30 June                                             Unit             30-Jun-20            30-Jun-19     % Change
    Mineral Resource:        Measured and Indicated                mt                    127.0                130.5          (3%)



                                                                                                                                               information
                              Inferred                             mt                      19.5                 24.0       (19%)
    Mineral Resource: Total (1)                                    mt                    146.5                154.5          (5%)
    Total operating cash flows                                    A$'000                (6,773)             (4,923)          38%
    Investing cash flows                                          A$'000              (44,354)             (30,401)          46%
    Financing cash flows - equity                                 A$,000               38,676                   563       >100%
    Total cash used in the financial year                         A$'000              (12,451)             (34,761)        (64%)
    Net cash                                                      A$'000                38,268              48,604         (21%)
    Capitalised exploration                                       A$,000                44,362              33,627           32%




                                                                                                                                              Corporate directory
    Net assets                                                    A$,000              130,046               95,656           36%
    Net loss after tax                                            A$,000                (5,446)                (941)      >100%

   (1)   For further detail and Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves refer to Other information set out on page 76.

                                                                                                      IONEER LTD ANNUAL REPORT   17




                                                                                                                                      17
Directors’ report continued                                                                                                Directors’ report




            Business strategy

            Our Purpose - we exist to enable a sustainable world for all.
            Our Mission - we responsibly and profitably provide the materials necessary for realising a sustainable planet.
            Our Vision - we see a world in which our global population, our environment and all future generations are thriving.
            Our Values - we are imaginative, caring, committed and responsible.

            ioneer’s business strategy is focused on developing the 100%-owned Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in Nevada,
            USA. We believe in an electrified future and the strategic imperative for the USA to develop a domestic battery
            materials supply chain. We actively promote the development of this battery materials supply chain and look to be a
            thought leader in this space.


            Opportunities
            The focus of the company is developing Rhyolite Ridge. After successfully delivering this Project, ioneer will pursue
            other growth initiatives from its existing portfolio (the current estimated resource is open to the north, south and east
            and does not include the north basin tenements) as well as new opportunities where they are value accretive and where
            balance sheet capacity exists to support future development.


            Material business risks
            The following material business risks have been identified as key issues that have the potential to impact the Company’s
            performance:

                 •    Health, safety and environmental risks, are of critical importance in ensuring we safely and responsibly build
                      and operate a sustainable business.
                 •    Execution of the Project, including meeting schedule, permitting and budget, could be subject to changes in
                      industry and economic conditions.
                 •    Offtake risk, including volume and price risks associated with the sale of technical grade lithium carbonate and
                      boric acid, counterparty risk and contract terms. Pricing of lithium is likely to be largely subject to the rate of
                      uptake in electric vehicles.
                 •    Continuing access to debt and capital markets to fund the Project.
                 •    Sovereign risk relating to the expected fiscal, tax and regulatory environment in jurisdictions that ioneer does
                      business.
                 •    Maintaining the company’s social licence to operate by proactively engaging communities, regulators and
                      other key stakeholders.
                 •    COVID-19 has significantly increased uncertainty in markets.


            Impact of COVID-19
            COVID-19 delayed the completion and delivery of the Definitive Feasibility Study (‘DFS’) by a month. In response to
            COVID-19, the Company revised its forward plans and confirmed it had adequate capital to progress the Project until
            the end of 2021. The revised capital plan ensured funding to complete the DFS, the Bureau of Land Management
            Environmental Impact Study permitting process and to maintain its core team, including critical contractor personnel,
            required to ensure continuity and the rapid re-acceleration of activities. Unfortunately, a small number of redundancies
            were made. Travel restrictions have impacted international travel by senior staff and offices were closed for a period with
            staff working from home. Most staff continue to work a mix of home and office based hours.




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         18


18   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                              Directors’ report



Directors qualification and experience
The following persons were directors of ioneer Ltd during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of this report.
Their qualifications and experience are:

 Mr James D Calaway              James was appointed a director in April 2017 and has served as Chairman since




                                                                                                                                           Directors’ report
 Chairman                        June 2017.
 BA (Econ), MA (PP&E)
                                 James was the Non-Executive Chairman of Orocobre Ltd for eight years until his
                                 retirement in July 2016. He led Orocobre from early development to become a
                                 significant producer of lithium carbonate and a member of the ASX 300.

                                 James is currently Chairman Distributed Power Partners Inc, a US international
                                 distributed power development company which is a leader in clustered distributed
                                 solar power development.

                                 He has also been a chair of several other U.S. corporate boards including the




                                                                                                                                          Remuneration report
                                 Centre for Houston's Future, and the Houston Independent School District
                                 Foundation.


 Mr Bernard Rowe                 Bernard was appointed managing director in August 2007. He has more than 25
 Managing Director               years’ international experience in mineral exploration and mine development. His
 BAppSc (Geology) (Hons)         diverse mineral industry experience includes gold, copper, zinc, diamond, lithium
                                 and boron exploration in Australia, Europe, Africa, North America and South
                                 America.
                                 He led the Company’s listing on the ASX in 2007 with a focus on gold and copper
                                 exploration in Nevada and Peru.




                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
                                 In early 2016 Bernard visited a little-known lithium-boron deposit in southern
                                 Nevada – later to be renamed Rhyolite Ridge. He realised the potential opportunity
                                 and quickly secured a 12-month option over the Project to give the Company
                                 sufficient time to fully assess and evaluate the unique and poorly understood
                                 deposit.


                                 Bernard is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists, the Society of
                                 Economic Geologist and the Geological Society of Nevada.




                                                                                                                                          Other information
 Mr Julian Babarczy              Julian joined the board as a non-executive director in June 2020.
 Director
 B.Bus (Marketing)               He has over 20 years finance and investment industry experience, over two-thirds of
 Grad Dip. (Mineral              which was as a key member of the investment and leadership team at Sydney-
 Exploration Geosciences),       based Regal Funds Management, one of Australia's largest actively managed and
 CFA                             arguably most successful hedge funds. Julian has broad investment experience
                                 across a range of sectors, with a notable speciality in natural resources.
 Member of the Nomination        He is currently the chief investment officer at a private investment company, Jigsaw
 and Remuneration                Investments, a non-executive director of Oovvuu a privately held video media
 Committee                       company and chairman of Perpetual Resources Limited, an explorer of silica sands.



                                                                                                                                       Shareholder and ASX
                                 Julian is a graduate of the CFA Institute.


 Mr Alan Davies                  Alan joined the board as a non-executive director in May 2017.


                                                                                                                                           information
 Director
 B.Bus (Accounting), LLB,        He has expertise in running and leading mining businesses with Rio Tinto, most
 LLM                             recently as chief executive, Energy & Minerals. Former roles include chief
                                 executive, Diamonds & Minerals and chief financial officer of Rio Tinto Iron Ore.
 Member of the Audit & Risk      Alan held management positions in Australia, London and the US for Rio Tinto's
 Committee                       Iron Ore and Energy businesses, and has run and managed operations in Africa,
                                 Asia, Australia, Europe and North and South America. He is also a former director
 Member of the Nomination        Rolls Royce Holdings plc.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate directory
 and Remuneration
 Committee                       He is currently the chief executive officer of the Moxico Resources PLC a Zambian
                                 copper and zinc explorer and developer. He is also Chairman of Trigem DMCC, a
                                 vertically integrated diamond and coloured stone service provider.

                                 Alan is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia.




                                                                                      IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         19

                                                                                                                                  19
Directors’ report continued                                                                                            Directors’ report



              Mr Patrick Elliott            Pat joined the board as a non-executive director in 2003.
              Director
              B.Comm, UNSW                  He is an experienced resources and industrial company director. In a career
              MBA Mineral Economics         spanning over 45 years he has held senior executive positions with Consolidated
                                            Gold Fields Australia Limited and Morgan Grenfell Australia Limited.
              Chair of the Audit & Risk
              Committee                     Pat is currently executive chairman of Argonaut Resources NL, Cap-XX Limited and
                                            Tamboran Resources Limited. He is also a non-executive director of Kirrama
              Member of the Nomination      Resources Limited and Rockfire Resources plc.
              and Remuneration
              Committee                     Pat was executive chairman of Variscan Mines Limited until his retirement in
                                            September 2018.


              Mr John Hofmeister            John joined the board as a non-executive director in May 2017.
              Director
              BA (Political Science),       John was the president of Shell Oil Company (U.S.A.) from 2005 to 2008 and
              MA (Political Science), PhD   director of human resources. Mr. Hofmeister also has held executive leadership
              (Houston),                    positions in General Electric Company, Nortel Network Corporation and
              D.Lit (Kansas State)          AlliedSignal (now Honeywell International Inc.).

              Chair of the Nomination and   He founded Citizens for Affordable Energy. He is also a key member of the United
              Remuneration Committee        States Energy Security Council.

              Member of the Audit & Risk    John currently serves as non-executive director of Applus+ and was formerly a
              Committee                     non-executive director of Hunting Plc London (United Kingdom).




            Company secretary
              Mr Ian Bucknell               Ian joined ioneer in November 2018 as chief financial officer and became Company
              B.Bus (Accounting), FCPA,     Secretary in April 2019.
              GAICD
                                            Ian is responsible for the finance, investor relations, IT and company secretarial
              Chief Financial Officer and   functions of the company. He has more than 20 years of international resource
              Company secretary             sector experience, most recently as chief financial officer and company secretary of
                                            AWE Limited and previously held the position of chief financial officer of
                                            Drillsearch Energy Limited.




                                                                                               IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         20

20   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                              Directors’ report



Directors’ interests in shares and options
Directors’ interests in shares and options as at 30 June 2020 and at the date of this report are set out in the table below:




                                                                                                                                            Directors’ report
                                     Shares held            Options held             Shares held            Options held
 Director                    As at 30 June 2020       As at 30 June 2020           At report date         At report date

 JD Calaway                           31,600,000               40,684,507             31,600,000               40,684,507
 B Rowe                               61,475,918                          -           61,475,918                          -
 J Babarczy                           13,600,000                          -           13,600,000                          -
 A Davies                              2,750,152                1,184,507               2,750,152               1,184,507

 P Elliott                            19,446,722                    684,507           19,446,722                  684,507




                                                                                                                                           Remuneration report
 J Hofmeister                          2,411,231                1,184,507               2,411,231               1,184,507




Directors’ meetings
Director’s attendance at Directors meetings are shown in the following table:


                                                      Audit and risk committee            Remuneration committee




                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                          Board meetings                      meetings                          meetings
                     Meetings                         Meetings                           Meetings
                     eligible to      Meetings        eligible to       Meetings         eligible to       Meetings
 Directors             attend         attended          attend          attended           attend          attended
 JD Calaway              10               10               -                -                 -                -
 B Rowe                  10               10               -                -                 -                -
 J Babarczy               1               1                -                -                 1                1
 A Davies                10               10               3                3                 3                3
 P Elliott               10               10               3                3                 3                3
 J Hofmeister            10               9                3                3                 3                3




                                                                                                                                           Other information




                                                                                                                                        Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                           Corporate directory




                                                                                        IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         21

                                                                                                                                   21
Directors’ report continued                                                                                                       Directors’ report



            Indemnification and insurance of directors and officers
            Indemnification
            The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial period, in respect of any person who is or has been an
            officer of the Company or a related body corporate, indemnified or made any relevant agreement for indemnifying
            against a liability incurred as an officer, including costs and expenses in successfully defending legal proceedings.

            Insurance premiums
            During the financial period the Company has paid premiums to insure each of the directors and officers against liabilities
            for costs and expenses incurred by them in defending any legal proceedings arising out of their conduct while acting in
            the capacity of director or officer of the Company, other than conduct involving a wilful breach of duty in relation to the
            Company. The premiums paid are not disclosed as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.



            Indemnification of Auditors
            To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young Australia, as part of the
            terms of the audit engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified
            amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young Australia during or since the financial year.


            Remuneration report
            The remuneration report set on pages 25 to 40 forms part of the Directors report for the year ended 30 June 2020.



            Corporate governance statement
            Details of the Company’s corporate governance practices are included in the Corporate Governance Statement set out
            on the Company’s website.



            Dividends
            No dividend has been proposed or paid since the start of the year.



            Shares – issued and unissued

                                                                                                           30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                                Number               Number
              Issued shares                                                                                1,680,202,466        1,474,983,509
              Unissued shares:
                Options                                                                                        43,738,028           47,430,840
                  Performance rights (1)                                                                        9,586,056            1,391,786

            (1)    The 2019 LTI Performance rights were proposed to KMPs as 40% time-based and 60% performance based. 1,125,434 performance
                   rights were granted during the period in relation to the 40% time-based portion. The 60% performance-based awards were not
                   granted in the period. Whilst the time-based awards were granted, they have not been announced on the ASX pending the issue of
                   the full award. (refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020).



            Since the end of the financial year the following additional shares, options or performance rights have been granted:
                 •    1,954,948 Performance rights have vested and new shares issued.
                 •    16,113,484 Performance rights have been granted (including deferred STI, 2019 & 2020 LTI and retention on
                      employment awards).


            Environmental performance
            The Group holds exploration licences issued by the relevant government authorities which specify guidelines for
            environmental impacts in relation to exploration activities. The licence conditions provide for the full rehabilitation of the
            areas of exploration in accordance with regulatory guidelines and standards. There have been no known breaches of the
            licence conditions.




                                                                                                         IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT          22

22   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                              Directors’ report



Audit and non-audit services
The directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of
independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. There were no non-audit services provided during
the current financial year.




                                                                                                                                           Directors’ report
Auditor’s independence declaration
A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 forms
part of this report and is set out on page 24.



Matters subsequent to the end of the financial period




                                                                                                                                          Remuneration report
Other than where stated at Note 9.5 to the Financial Statements, there were at the date of this report no matters or
circumstances which have arisen since 30 June 2020 that have significantly affected or may significantly affect:

    •    the operations of the Company,
    •    the results of those operations, or
    •    the state of affairs of the Company.




Rounding off



                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
The Group is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (rounding in Financial / Directors’ Report) Instrument 2016/191
and in accordance with that Class Order, amounts in the financial statements and directors’ reports have been rounded
off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

Signed at Sydney this 17th day of September 2020 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                                                                                                                                          Other information
James D Calaway                                                         Bernard Rowe
Executive Chairman                                                      Managing Director




                                                                                                                                       Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                                                          Corporate directory




                                                                                       IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT        23

                                                                                                                                  23
Auditor’s independence declaration


                                            Ernst & Young                                 Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                            200 George Street                             Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                            Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                     ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




               Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of ioneer Ltd

               As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of ioneer Ltd for the financial year ended 30 June
               2020, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                    a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                       relation to the audit; and
                    b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

               This declaration is in respect of ioneer Ltd and the entities it controlled during the financial year.




               Ernst & Young




               Scott Nichols
               Partner
               Sydney
               17 September 2020




               A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
24   ioneer Annual Report 2020
       Remuneration report – audited
Remuneration
    ioneer Ltd report – audited
For the year ended 30 June 2020
       For the year ended 30 June 2020



       Message to shareholders
       Dear Shareholder,

       This letter seeks to provide introductory comments to this year’s remuneration report and insight as to the thinking of
       the Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Committee) in remuneration outcomes.



                                                                                                                                               Directors’ report
       Financial Year 2020 was a significant year of delivery for ioneer. Most notably the Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for
       Rhyolite Ridge was delivered in April 2020, which was the culmination of 18 months of engineering effort. In addition,
       significant progress was made on permitting the Project, completing extensive bench and pilot scale testwork, signing a
       number of offtake agreements for boric acid and in developing funding plans for the Project. These milestones were
       achieved in a period of uncertainty caused by COVID-19, where the company was forced to reduce headcount, and
       more was expected from fewer people. Within this context, the Committee agreed that the significant achievements of
       the team should be recognised and the need to retain and motivate ioneer’s small core team for delivery of future
       crucial milestones was critically important.




                                                                                                                                              Remuneration report
       Our remuneration strategy and practice is to target Key Management Personnel (KMP) at approximately the median
       level for comparable businesses of a similar size when objectives are achieved. The standardisation of KMP contracts
       was completed during the 2019 financial year.

       Changes to the Board and executive
       As we progress the Rhyolite Ridge Project through its next stages of business growth, we continue to evaluate the board
       and management team to suit the future needs of the Company. As such, during the financial year, Julian Babarczy was
       appointed to the board in June 2020 and Ken Coon and Yoshio Nagai were appointed as vice president of human
       resources and vice president commercial sales and marketing in July and August 2020, respectively. There were no other
       changes to KMP in the period.

       Remuneration outcomes for executives




                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
       During the year, Willis Towers Watson (WTW), was re-appointed as remuneration consultant to the Committee, aided by
       Glenn Gilchrist, an experienced human resource professional with a global background. Based on their review of KMP
       remuneration the following outcomes were agreed:

            •    Fixed remuneration – In the financial year, the chief executive officer received an increase in fixed
                 remuneration of 11%, to bring his remuneration in line with our remuneration strategy. Further amendments
                 to base salary have been agreed for financial year 2021 based on benchmarking analysis completed.
            •    Short term incentive (STI) annual bonus payments - The chief executive officer, chief financial officer, vice
                 president human resources, vice president commercial sales and marketing and senior vice president
                 engineering and operations received awards largely at target of 75%, 50%, 37%, 37% and 60% of base salary
                 respectively. The awards to the vice president human resources and vice president commercial sales and
                 marketing were pro-rated for time worked. The senior vice president engineering and operations received an




                                                                                                                                              Other information
                 award of 10% above target to recognise his exceptional efforts in delivering the DFS.
            •    Long term incentive (LTI) annual equity grant awards - The KMP were awarded LTI grants at target. The LTI at
                 risk award of remuneration for the chief financial officer and senior vice president engineering and operations
                 were increased from 50% of base salary to 60% of base salary based upon a competitive peer group review.

       The Committee and Board believe that these outcomes align our executive remuneration with competitive benchmarks
       and will support our transition and growth as a company. Our remuneration policy includes annual performance criteria
       and standard review cycles.

       Remuneration outcomes for the board



                                                                                                                                           Shareholder and ASX
       There is no change to non-executive director remuneration or the non-executive director fee pool. During the financial
       year, Mr Calaway was paid a ‘special exertion fee’ to compensate him for what was considered a short-term undertaking
       of supporting our small management team. With the impact of COVID-19, travel restrictions on Australian based staff
       and an extended Project schedule, it became apparent that Mr Calaway’s continued efforts would be required through


                                                                                                                                               information
       financial year 2021 and as such he was appointed an executive of the Company for a 12-month period, effective 1 July
       2020.

       We will continue to keep shareholders abreast of KMP and non-executive director remuneration policies and payments
       in as simple, clear and transparent manner as possible, recognising the importance of these matters to all shareholders
       and to our executives and directors. The Board is committed to fair, competitive, effective and responsible remuneration
       policies and practices and to fully communicating its decisions for review and voting approval by shareholders, who will
       judge our decisions and practices.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate directory
       John Hofmeister
       Chairman, Nomination & Remuneration Committee
                                                                                            IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT      25




                                                                                                                                      25
Remuneration report – audited continued                                                            Remuneration report


For the year ended 30 June 2020

            Key terms used in this report
              Act         Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)      MD            Managing director
              AGM         Annual General Meeting           NED           Non-executive director
              ASX         Australian Securities Exchange   Option Plan   Share Option Plan
              FID         Final Investment Decision        Rights        Share rights
              INR         ioneer                           Rights Plan   Performance Rights Plan
              KMP         Key management personnel         STI           Short-term incentive
              LTI         Long-term incentive




                                                                               IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT     26




26   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                   Remuneration report



1. Introduction
The directors of ioneer Ltd (“ioneer” or the “Company”) present the Remuneration Report prepared in accordance with
section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 (“the Act”) for the consolidated entity for the year ended 30 June 2020.

This Remuneration Report which forms part of the Directors Report outlines the remuneration strategy, framework and



                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ report
practices adopted by the consolidated entity in accordance with the requirements of the Act and its regulations. This
information has been audited as required by section 308 (3C) of the Act.

This report details remuneration information pertaining to directors and executives who are the ‘Key Management
Personnel’ (“KMP”) of the consolidated entity. KMP are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the consolidated entity, directly or indirectly, including any director
(whether executive or otherwise) of ioneer.

The following non-executive directors (“NEDs”) and executives have been identified as KMP for the purpose of this
report:




                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration report
  Non-executive directors                                                                    Appointed
  James D Calaway (1)            Non-executive chairman                                      Appointed 5 April 2017
  Julian Babarczy                Non-executive director                                      Appointed 1 June 2020
  Alan Davies                    Non-executive director                                      Appointed 23 May 2017
  Patrick Elliott                Non-executive director                                      Appointed 30 April 2003
  John Hofmeister                Non-executive director                                      Appointed 23 May 2017



  Executive director and executives
  Bernard Rowe                   Managing director                                           Appointed 23 August 2007




                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
  Ian Bucknell (2)               Chief financial officer and company secretary               Appointed 14 November 2018
  Ken Coon                       Vice president human resources                              Appointed 1 July 2019
  Yoshio Nagai                   Vice president commercial sales and marketing               Appointed 1 August 2019
  Matt Weaver                    Senior vice president – engineering and operations          Appointed 28 November 2017

(1)   Mr Calaway was appointed an executive on 1 July 2020. For the purposes of the Remuneration Report for financial year 2020 he is
      considered a non-executive director.
(2)   Mr Bucknell was appointed company secretary on 1 April 2019.




                                                                                                                                                 Other information




                                                                                                                                              Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate directory




                                                                                             IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT       27


                                                                                                                                         27
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                          Remuneration report



            2. Remuneration governance
            Remuneration governance is overseen by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The Committee is a committee
            of the Board established in accordance with the Company’s constitution and authorised by the Board to assist it in
            fulfilling its statutory, fiduciary and regulatory responsibilities.

            The ASX Corporate Governance Council’s “Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations” (ASX
            Recommendations) recommend that the Company has formal and rigorous processes for the appointment and
            reappointment of directors to the Board. The Committee was established to assist the Board by undertaking the roles
            and exercising the responsibilities set out in the Nomination & Remuneration Committee Charter. A copy of this
            Charter is available on the Company’s website.

            The Committee aims to bring transparency, focus and independent judgment to these roles. The Committee will review
            and make recommendations to the Board on matters relevant to these roles and responsibilities, and as required to
            satisfy the Corporations Act, ASX Recommendations and ASX Listing Rule requirements relevant to these roles and
            responsibilities. The Committee currently comprises the following independent non-executive directors:

                 •    John Hofmeister (Chairman);
                 •    Julian Babarczy; (1)
                 •    Alan Davies; and
                 •    Patrick Elliott.

            (1) Julian Babarczy was appointed to the Committee on 17 June 2020.



            2.1.       Role
            The role of the Committee is defined in the Charter and is to assist and advise the Board on:

            Nomination
                 •    succession planning generally;
                 •    induction and continuing professional development programs for directors;
                 •    the development and implementation of a process for evaluating the performance of the Board, its
                      committees and directors;
                 •    the process for recruiting a new director, including evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge, experience,
                      independence and diversity on the Board and, in the light of this evaluation, preparing a description of the
                      role and capabilities required for a particular appointment;
                 •    determining board size and balance of skills as the Company develops and evolves and becomes more
                      complex as progress is made from project development to full operations;
                 •    the appointment and re-election of directors including with consideration to the appropriate director tenure
                      and length of service for the Company; and
                 •    appointment and succession planning for the Managing Director (or such person performing the function of a
                      chief executive officer) and other senior executives,

            with the objective of having a Board of a size and composition conducive to making appropriate decisions, with the
            benefit of a variety of perspectives and skills and in the best interests of the Company as a whole.

            Remuneration
            Policies and practices are designed to:

                 •    enable the Company to attract, retain and motivate directors, executives and employees who will create value
                      for shareholders within an appropriate risk management framework, by providing remuneration packages that
                      are equitable and externally competitive;
                 •    be fair and appropriate having regard to the performance of the Company and the relevant director, executive
                      or employee and the interests of shareholders; and
                 •    comply with relevant legal requirements.


            2.2.       Responsibilities
            Nomination
            The Committee is responsible for:

                 •    Board size: making recommendations regarding the size of the Board which would most encourage efficient
                      decision making; current board size range is 6-8; ensuring geographic balance, including directors with
                      Australia residence;
                 •    Director competencies: making recommendations regarding the necessary and desirable competencies of
                      directors;
                 •    Skills matrix: developing a Board skills matrix setting out the mix of skills and diversity that the Board currently
                      has or is looking to achieve in its membership against the desirable range of skills;

                                                                                                    IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT      28


28   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                            Remuneration report



    •    Director recommendations: developing and reviewing the process for the selection, appointment and re-
         election of directors, and making recommendations to the Board by:
          o    evaluating the balance of skills, experience, independence, knowledge and diversity of directors sitting
               on the Board; evaluating current needs under the circumstances of the short and long term requirements
               of the business as well as changes in strategy, external environment and anticipated terms of current
               directors;




                                                                                                                                           Directors’ report
          o    in light of this evaluation, preparation of a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
               appointment within the context of shorter and longer term business considerations; and
          o    sourcing candidates from the available market including with the possible assistance of a third-party
               provider, and reviewing recommendations from other sources including current directors, advisors,
               significant shareholders, management, and industry experts;
          o    assuring the candidates possess both the personal qualities of integrity, courage, curiosity, interpersonal
               skills, interest in the business and the industry, business acumen, ability and capacity to contribute and
               the appropriate and necessary competencies and skills as described above within the matrix;
          o    reviewing the current diversity represented on the Board with the backdrop of the Company’s Diversity
               Policy to assist with the sourcing and targeting of candidates;
          o    interviewing and evaluating candidates along with obtaining appropriate checks and references and




                                                                                                                                          Remuneration report
          o    putting forward the candidate for appointment and election as a director to the Chairman, Managing
               Director, and full Board;
    •    Providing information: providing security holders with material information in the Committee’s possession
         relevant to a decision as to whether or not to elect or re-elect a director;
    •    Assessing performance: implementing a process to evaluate the performance of the chairperson, Board, Board
         committees, individual directors and senior executives on an annual basis to support governance
         improvement, efficient Board processes and effective decision making and to address issues that may arise
         from the review;
    •    Assessing time commitment: reviewing the time required to be committed by non-executive directors to
         properly fulfil their duties to the Company and whether non-executive directors are meeting these
         requirements;




                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
    •    Assessing independence: assisting the Board in assessing the independence of each non-executive director;
    •    Succession plans: reviewing Board and senior executive succession plans and processes, including for the
         Managing Director and other senior executive positions and being conscious of each director’s tenure, to
         maintain an appropriate balance of skills, experience, expertise and diversity; and;
    •    Governance matters: reviewing and making recommendations in relation to any corporate governance issues
         as requested by the Board from time to time.


Remuneration

General
The Committee is responsible for informing itself of market-based, publicly available and relevant competitive




                                                                                                                                          Other information
remuneration committee information and developing, reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on:

    •    Directors’ fees: the Company’s remuneration framework for directors, including, the process by which any pool
         of directors’ fees approved by shareholders is allocated to directors;
    •    Senior executives: the remuneration packages to be awarded to senior executives;
    •    Bias: reviewing whether there are any gender or other inappropriate bias in remuneration for directors, senior
         executives or other employees;
    •    Policies: the Company’s recruitment, retention and termination policies for the Managing Director and senior
         executives and any changes to those policies;
    •    Incentive schemes: incentive schemes, if appropriate, for the Managing Director and senior executives;
    •    Equity-based programs: equity-based remuneration plans, if appropriate, for senior executives and other



                                                                                                                                       Shareholder and ASX
         employees;
    •    Superannuation and retirement benefits: superannuation and retirement benefit arrangements for directors,
         senior executives and other employees; and
    •


                                                                                                                                           information
         Other perquisites: applying certain other benefits as determined appropriate based upon market and
         competitive information.

Incentive schemes and equity-based remuneration
For any incentive schemes or equity-based plans which are adopted, the Committee is responsible for:

    •    Reviewing: reviewing their terms (including any eligibility criteria and performance hurdles);
    •    Administration: overseeing their administration (including compliance with applicable laws that restrict
         participants from hedging the economic risk of their security holdings) and disclosing its policy on whether




                                                                                                                                          Corporate directory
         participants are permitted to enter into transactions (whether through the use of derivatives or otherwise)
         which limit the economic risk of participating in the scheme;
    •    Shareholder approval: considering whether shareholder approval is required or desirable for the schemes or
         plans and for any changes to them; and
    •    Payments and awards: ensuring that payments and awards of equity are made in accordance with their terms
         and any shareholder approval.




                                                                                       IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT      29



                                                                                                                                  29
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                     Remuneration report



            2.3.       Remuneration advisors
            The Committee engaged the services of Willis Towers Watson (WTW), and an experienced HR consultant, Glenn
            Gilchrist to support the Vice President HR, Ken Coon in providing remuneration advice. WTW and Glenn Gilchrist
            provided analysis and advice on competitive benchmarking and executive remuneration targets and structures for
            Australia and the USA. In addition, Watson Mangioni, Mullin, Hoard & Brown LLP and Glenn Gilchrist, were engaged to
            provide advice on senior executive contracts as well as several other human resource activities.

            The Committee and its advisors are satisfied that the advice provided by each individual party is free from bias from the
            KMP to whom the recommendations apply. The fees paid to the individual advisors for this work were as follows:

                                                                  Year ended
                                                                 30 June 2020
                                                                            $
              Willis Towers Watson                                       51,013
              Glenn Gilchrist                                            41,327
              Mullin Hoard & Brown LLP                                   12,362
              Watson Mangioni                                            19,185
              Total fees                                                123,887




                                                                                                IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT     30

30   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                        Remuneration report



3. Remuneration arrangements
3.1. Managing director and executives
ioneer’s remuneration framework and executive reward strategy provides a mix of fixed and variable remuneration with
a blend of short and long-term incentives. The key elements of the remuneration packages are as follows:



                                                                                                                                       Directors’ report
    •    Fixed: Annual base salary.
    •    Variable short-term incentive: annual cash bonus.
    •    Variable equity: options and performance rights granted under shareholder approved equity incentive plans
         (refer 3.2, Equity Incentive Plans in this Remuneration Report).
    •    Post-employment benefits: superannuation contributions and similar retirement benefits savings for non-
         Australian executives.

The ioneer executive compensation strategy provides for fair, competitive remuneration that aligns potential rewards
with the Company’s objectives while being transparent to shareholders. Key remuneration elements are reviewed




                                                                                                                                      Remuneration report
annually to determine appropriate awards based upon factors such as individual performance, Company results and
competitive benchmark survey data. The following is a brief description of the approach for each element:

    •    Base salary is reviewed annually and adjusted based upon individual performance and competitive
         benchmarks that may be reviewed from time to time to ensure competitiveness.
    •    Annual (short-term) cash bonuses are reviewed annually with awards granted based upon individual
         performance and Company results. Bonus targets are benchmarked from time to time to ensure
         competitiveness. Bonuses may range from 0 to 200% of target. The Board reserves the right to grant bonuses
         larger than 200% for exceptional contributions to Company objectives.
    •    Equity (long-term) grants are reviewed annually with a portion of the grants being performance based and a
         portion restricted time based. The Board has a current practice of granting a ratio of 60% performance-based




                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
         equity rights and 40% restricted time-based equity rights. Typically, equity grants awarded as part of the
         Company’s annual review cycle will vest over a 3-year period. Vesting of performance-based grants are
         reviewed with the time-based grants at the time of vesting with the size of the vested award to be based upon
         the degree to which pre-established objectives were achieved, and the overall value of the vested award
         determined by market share price. Performance based equity grants may range between 0 and 200% at time
         of vesting based upon achievement of pre-established business targets. Equity targets are benchmarked from
         time to time to ensure competitiveness.


3.2. Equity Incentive Plans




                                                                                                                                      Other information
The Company has three share schemes in operation:

    •    The Equity Incentive Plan (current);
    •    The Share Option Plan (historic); and
    •    The Performance Rights Plan (historic).

Under these plans ordinary shares have been granted to senior executives, employees and a number of consultants.
Whilst there are a number of options and performance rights on issue under the terms and conditions of previous
schemes, all financial year 2019 and 2020 grants and issues of options or rights have been made under the Equity
Incentive Plan.




                                                                                                                                   Shareholder and ASX
Equity Incentive Plan
The Group established an Equity Incentive Plan following the AGM held on 31 October 2018. The purpose of this Equity



                                                                                                                                       information
Incentive Plan (“the Plan”) is to provide eligible persons the opportunity to participate in the growth and profits of the
Company and to attract, motivate and retain their services to promote the Company’s long-term success.

Key features include:

    •    The Board may at its discretion make invitations to or grant awards to eligible persons.
    •    Award means an option or a performance right to acquire a share in the capital of the Company.
    •    Eligible persons include executive directors or executive officers of the Group, employees, contractors or




                                                                                                                                      Corporate directory
         consultants of the group or any other person.
    •    A participant may not sell or assign awards.
    •    Within 30 days after the vesting date in respect of a vested performance right, the Company must either
         allocate shares or procure payment to the participant of a cash amount equal to the market price of the shares
         which would have otherwise been allocated.
    •    At any time during the exercise period a participant may exercise any or all of their vested options by paying
         the exercise price.




                                                                                    IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT     31


                                                                                                                              31
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                               Remuneration report



            The following table summarises the key features of the performance rights (PRs) granted under the terms and conditions
            of the Equity Incentive plan for the year ended 30 June 2020:

            Performance Rights – Time-based
              Year of Grant                Financial year 2020
              Participants                 All executives
              Purpose                      Time based PRs were issued for a variety of purposes including:
                                                •   Performance rights at hire are used to attract and retain executives and senior leaders
                                                    (retention on employment)
                                                •   Part payment of 2019 short term incentives (deferred STI)
                                                •   Make up LTI equity grants for 2017, 2018 not granted
                                                •   LTI equity grant – 2019 (40% time based portion)

              Instruments issued           PRs are rights to acquire ordinary shares in the Company for nil consideration, conditional on the
                                           achievement of time-based hurdles (continuing employment).

              Vesting                      There are various vesting dates. See section 5 of the Remuneration Report for more information.
                                           Generally, the purpose of the PR defines the vesting period:
                                                •     Retention on employment – Agreements with early recruits included vesting in equal
                                                      instalments after 12, 24, and 36 months. However, since mid-2019 a standard approach
                                                      of vesting after 3 years has been implemented
                                                •     Deferred STIs – vest in 12 months from the award date
                                                •     Make up equity grants – vest 36 months after the assumed award date (i.e. 2018 make-
                                                      up awards vest 1 July 2021)



            Performance Rights – Performance-based
            A number of performance based PRs were proposed in financial year 2020 but not granted until after the financial year
            due to ongoing work by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to finalise the performance conditions and to
            complete a ‘fair value’ valuation. The table below summarises the key features of the performance-based performance
            rights proposed under the terms and conditions of the Equity Incentive plan for the year ended 30 June 2020:

              Year of Grant                Financial year 2020
              Participants                 All executive KMP as at 30 June 2019 (2019 award) and as at 30 June 2020 (2020 award)
              Purpose                      LTI equity grants (performance based) – 60% of the annual LTI equity grant is performance based
                                           for all executives.

              Instruments issued           PRs which are rights to acquire up to 2 ordinary shares in the Company for nil consideration,
                                           conditional on the achievement of pre-determined performance hurdles within defined time
                                           restrictions.

              Vesting                      3 years from grant
              Performance measurement      30 June
              date
              Performance conditions       The Board will employ discretion in assessing Project results and determining vesting of
                                           performance units; below, at or above targets:
                                                •    INR share price compared to comparator group (2019 and 2020 awards)
                                                •    Construction schedule on pace for start-up as stated at FID (2019 award)
                                                •    Major USA lithium producer to market, start-up achieved as stated at FID (2020 award)
                                                •    Top quartile HSE & Community performance (North American Mining Projects) (2019
                                                     and 2020 awards)
                                                •    Project spend within margin established at FID (2019 award)
                                                •    Final project construction spend within margin established at FID (2020 award)
                                                •    Start-up production levels within margin established at FID (2020 award)
                                                •    Recruiting on track for start-up (FID plan) (2019 award)
                                                •   80% products sold for first 3 years of production (2019 and 2020 awards)


            Options
            No options were issued to the KMPs during the financial year ended 2020 (2019: nil) under the equity incentive plan.
            Options were issued to non-executive directors under the plan, however. The particulars of the options awarded are included
            in section 7 of the Remuneration Report.


            Share Option Plan
            The Group established a Share Option Plan in 2010 (and reconfirmed it at the 2016 AGM) to assist in the attraction,
            retention and motivation of the KMP’s as well as the retention of key consultants. No options and performance rights
            were issued in financial year 2020 (2019: nil) under this plan. Key features include:
                 •    Full or part time employees or consultants of the Group are eligible to participate.
                 •    Options issued pursuant to the plan will be issued free of charge.
                 •    Options cannot be transferred and are not quoted on the ASX.


                                                                                                       IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT         32

32   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                         Remuneration report



    •    Options expire 90 days after the participant resigns from the Company. The exercise price of the options, at
         grant date, shall be as the directors in their absolute discretion determine, provided the exercise price shall
         not be less than the weighted average of the last sale price of the Company’s shares on ASX at the close of
         business on each of the 5 business days immediately preceding the date on which the directors resolve to
         grant the options.
    •    The directors may limit the total number of options which may be exercised under the plan in any year.




                                                                                                                                         Directors’ report
A summary of options on issue is set out in note 5.1 of the financial statements.


Performance Rights Plan
In addition to the Share Option Plan discussed above, the Group established the Performance Rights Plan at the 2016
AGM to assist in the attraction, retention and motivation of the Company’s directors, executives, employees and senior
consultants. No options and performance rights were issued in financial year 2020 (2019: nil) under this plan. Key
features include:




                                                                                                                                        Remuneration report
    •    The Board will determine the number of performance rights to be granted to eligible employees (or their
         nominees), the vesting conditions and expiry date of the performance rights in its sole discretion.
    •    The performance rights are not transferable unless the Board determines otherwise, or the transfer is required
         by law and provided that the transfer complies with the Corporations Act.
    •    Subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules and restrictions on reducing the rights of a holder of
         performance rights, the Board will have the power to amend the performance rights plan as it sees fit.
    •    If a vesting condition of a performance right is not achieved by the milestone date, then the performance right
         will lapse.
    •    The performance rights will be granted for nil consideration. Upon exercise of the performance rights, shares
         will be issued on a one for one basis on the same terms as the Company's existing shares.




                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
A summary of performance rights on issue is set out in note 5.1 of the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                        Other information




                                                                                                                                     Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                        Corporate directory




                                                                                     IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT       33

                                                                                                                                33
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                             Remuneration report



            3.3. Service agreements


            Managing director
              Term                        Open term agreement

              Effective Date              A new contract was established effective 1 July 2019

              Remuneration                •    Fixed remuneration (refer section 4.1 of this Remuneration Report)
                                          •    At risk STI: 75% of Base salary
                                               Actual awards may range from 0 to 200% contingent upon individual and company
                                               performance compared to established targets. The Board reserves the right to grant
                                               bonuses above 200% for truly exceptional contributions to the business
                                          •    At risk LTI: 80% of Base salary
                                          •    A portion of equity will be performance based while a portion will be restricted time based
                                               as determined by the Board. Current portions are 60% and 40% respectively. Performance
                                               based awards may range from 0 to 200% based upon achievement of pre-established
                                               targets

              Termination                 •    By executive: 6 months’ notice
                                          •    By Company: 6 months’ notice




            Executives
              Term                        Open term agreements

              Effective date              New contracts were established effective 1 July 2019

              Remuneration                •    Fixed remuneration (refer section 4.1 of this Remuneration Report)
                                          •    At risk STI:
                                                 o     50% of base salary - chief financial officer and senior vice president engineering &
                                                       operations
                                                 o     40% of base salary - vice president human resources and vice president commercial
                                                       sales & marketing
                                               Actual awards may range from 0 to 200% contingent upon individual and company
                                               performance compared to established targets. The Board reserves the right to grant
                                               bonuses above 200% for truly exceptional contributions to the business
                                          •    At risk LTI:
                                                 o     60% of base salary - chief financial officer and senior vice president engineering &
                                                       operations
                                                 o     40% of base salary - vice president human resources and vice president commercial
                                                       sales & marketing
                                          •    A portion of equity will be performance based while a portion will be restricted time based
                                               as determined by the Board. Current portions are 60% and 40% respectively. Performance
                                               based awards may range from 0 to 200% based upon achievement of pre-established targets

              Termination                 •    By executive: 3 months’ notice
                                          •    By Company: 6 months’ notice

              Equity at hire
              Chief financial officer     •    Participated immediately at 100% of base salary in Equity Incentive Plan, with restricted time-
                                               based rights that vest in equal portions over 3 years from an agreed effective date of 14
                                               November 2018 (date of hire)
                                          •    Received AUD$100,000 Company equity rights grant with restricted time-based vesting 12
                                               months after 14 November 2018

              Senior vice president       •    Participated immediately at 100% of base salary in Equity Incentive Plan, with restricted time-
              engineering & operations         based rights that vest in equal portions over 3 years from agreed effective date of 27
                                               November 2017 (date of hire). One equity vesting tranche remains

              Vice president human        •    Participated immediately at 40% of base salary in Equity Incentive Plan, with restricted time-
              resources                        based rights that vest over 3 years from agreed effective date of 1 July 2019 (date of hire)

              Vice president commercial   •    Participated immediately at 40% of base salary in Equity Incentive Plan, with restricted time-
              sales & marketing                based rights that vest over 3 years from agreed effective date of 1 August 2019 (date of hire)




                                                                                                     IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT           34

34   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                   Remuneration report



4. Remuneration outcomes of Managing director and executives

4.1.        Remuneration tables
Details of the nature and amount of each element of remuneration of the managing director and each of the named




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ report
executives are as follows:

                          Salary   Cash Bonus (1)      Non-         Superannuation         Performance              Total    Proportion of              % of
                                                    monetary         and employee                rights                      Remuneration      remuneration
                                                     benefits              benefits                                                 that is     that consists
                                                                                                                              performance                  of
                                                                                                                                    based     options/rights

                              $                $           $                       $                 $                 $                 %                  %
  2020
  Bernard Rowe (2)      428,179          494,619               -            25,000                    -       947,798                 52%                  0%




                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration report
  Ian Bucknell          350,000          175,000        9,770               38,022             355,804        928,596                 57%                  38%
  Ken Coon              300,717           55,369       15,686                    -               43,090       414,863                 24%                  10%
  Yoshio Nagai          320,560          128,224               -            29,725               42,165       520,673                 33%                  8%
  Matt Weaver           373,972          145,709               -            84,858             365,271         969,810                53%                  38%
  Total               1,773,427          998,921       25,456              177,604             806,330       3,781,739                48%                  21%


  2019
  Bernard Rowe          362,000          175,500            -               40,613                    -       578,113                 30%                   0%
  Ian Bucknell          224,053           55,000        3,080               21,285               62,466       365,884                 15%                  17%
  Matt Weaver           349,455           88,063            -               52,311             145,928         635,756                14%                  23%
                                               -            -                                        -




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
  Joanna Morbey         146,208                                             20,124                             166,332                 0%                   0%
  Total               1,081,716          318,563        3,080              134,333             208,394       1,746,085                18%                  12%

(1)   All KMP had the option to take the 2020 bonus as cash or as a 12-month performance right with a 20% premium provided for
      equity. The equity portion of the cash bonuses is excluded from the cash bonus above because they have not been granted until
      post year-end.
(2)   A number of equity grants announced in the 2019 financial report as part of Bernard Rowe’s remuneration in financial year 2020
      require shareholder approval and will be put to members at the 2020 Annual General Meeting. See section 4.4 below for more
      detail. Bernard Rowe’s cash bonus includes $300,000 in relation to the 2020 STI award plus an additional amount of $194,619
      representing the deferred 2019 STI amount that has been agreed to be paid in cash rather than awarded as equity.



4.2.        Fixed remuneration



                                                                                                                                                                         Other information
As part of the remuneration work undertaken during the financial year, adjustments to base salary were agreed for the
managing director to standardise his base salaries to benchmarked comparatives.

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee approved increases to fixed remuneration for financial year 2020, as shown
below.

  Base salary (1)              % Increase                          30 June 2020                                        30 June 2019
                                                          A$                       US$                        A$                        US$
  Bernard Rowe                     11%                  401,000                     -                       362,000                      -
  Ian Bucknell                      0%                  350,000                        -                    350,000                       -



                                                                                                                                                                      Shareholder and ASX
  Ken Coon                         n/a                     -                      225,000                       -                         -
  Yoshio Nagai                     n/a                     -                      240,000                       -                         -
  Matt Weaver                       0%                     -                      250,000                       -                     250,000



                                                                                                                                                                          information
(1)   Note, base salaries are shown in the above table at contract amounts, where KMP have not worked a full year it will not agree to
      the Remuneration table in section 4.1 of this report.



4.3.        Short-term performance benefits included in remuneration
The Company’s approach to the granting and vesting of short-term performance benefits is set out above, in section 3,
Remuneration arrangements.




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate directory
The chief executive officer, chief financial officer, vice president human resources, vice president commercial sales and
marketing and senior vice president engineering and operations received awards largely at target of 75%, 50%, 37%,
37% and 60% of base salary respectively. The awards to the vice president human resources and vice president
commercial sales and marketing were pro-rated for time worked. The senior vice president engineering and operations
received an award 10% above target to recognise his exceptional efforts in delivering the DFS.

Cash bonuses of $998,921 were accrued for KMP for the year ended 30 June 2020 and were paid after balance date
(2019: $318,563).

                                                                                                          IONEER LTD        2020 ANNUAL REPORT        35


                                                                                                                                                                 35
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                           Remuneration report



            4.4.          Analysis of long-term performance benefits included in remuneration
            The Company’s approach to the granting of equity awards is set out above, in section 3, Remuneration arrangements.

            The KMP were awarded LTI grants at target. The chief financial officer and senior vice president engineering and
            operations LTI awards were increased from 50% of base salary to 60% of base salary based upon a competitive peer
            group review.

            The number of performance rights granted to the executives under the LTI plan is calculated as remuneration at 1 July
            [year] x [insert] % / Market Value. The Market Value is the market value of a fully paid ordinary share in the Company,
            calculated using a 10 day VWAP, up to and including the date the performance rights performance period commences.

            Performance rights
            The number and value of rights granted during the current and previous financial year to KMP is detailed below:

              Year ended 30            Purpose                               Vesting      Grant date       Vesting        Number          Award      Market
              June 2020                                                      period                         Date                         Value (3)     value
                                                                             (months                                                            $        per
                                                                             )                                                                       right $
              Ian Bucknell             Retention on employment (1)              12         8/08/2019      14/11/2019       244,382        58,334     0.2387
                                       Retention on employment (1)              24         8/08/2019      14/11/2020       244,378        58,333     0.2387
                                       Retention on employment (1)              36         8/08/2019      14/11/2021       244,378        58,333     0.2387
                                       2019 LTI Grant - time based (2)          36         8/08/2019       1/07/2022       517,751        70,000     0.1352
                                       Deferred STI 2019                        12         8/08/2019       1/07/2020       488,166        66,000     0.1352
              Sub total                                                                                                  1,739,055       311,000
              Ken Coon                 Retention on employment                 36          1/07/2019       1/07/2022       956,145       129,271     0.1352
              Sub total                                                                                                    956,145       129,271
              Yoshio Nagai             Retention on employment                 36          1/08/2019       1/08/2022       741,120       137,996     0.1862
              Sub total                                                                                                    741,120       137,996
              Matt Weaver              Make-up LTI grant 2018                  24          8/08/2019       1/07/2021     1,519,208       205,397     0.1352
                                       2019 LTI Grant - time based (2)         36          8/08/2019       1/07/2022       607,683        82,159     0.1352
                                       Deferred STI 2019                       12          8/08/2019       1/07/2020       796,787       107,726     0.1352
              Sub total                                                                                                  2,923,678       395,281
              Total                                                                                                      6,359,998       973,548
              Year ended 30
              June 2019
              Ian Bucknell             Retention on employment                 12         14/11/2018      14/11/2019      418,936        100,000      0.2387
              Total                                                                                                       418,936        100,000

            (1)   Whilst the vesting period commences 14 November 2018, the grant date is 8 August 2019, being the date terms were finalised.
                  These awards represent 50% of entitlement due to an administrative error. The balance awarded post year-end (refer table below)
            (2)   The 2019 LTI performance rights were proposed to KMPs as 40% time based and 60% performance-based awards. The
                  performance-based awards were not granted in the period. Whilst the time-based awards were granted, they have not been
                  announced on the ASX pending the issue of the full award (refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020).
            (3)   The fair value of performance rights is determined at the time of grant per AASB 2. Refer note 7.3.

            In addition to the above performance rights granted in the period, a number of other performance rights were awarded
            but not granted in the period as they require either shareholder approval in relation to awards to the managing director
            or pending finalisation of the performance hurdles. It is anticipated that these grants will be made in financial year 2021
            post the AGM.

            The number and value of rights proposed but not granted during the current financial year to KMP is detailed below:

                                    Purpose                                             Vesting         Vesting        Number        Market       Market
                                                                                        period           date                        Value $     value per
                                                                                       (months)                                                   right $
              Bernard Rowe          Make-up equity grant 2018 (1)                        24            1/07/2021     2,766,272        374,000        0.1352
                                    2019 LTI Grant - time based (1)                      36            1/07/2022     1,106,509        149,600        0.1352
                                    2019 LTI Grant - performance based (1)               36            1/07/2022     1,659,763        224,400        0.1352
              Ian Bucknell          Retention on employment (3)                          12        14/11/2019          244,382         58,334        0.2387
                                    Retention on employment (3)                          24        14/11/2020          244,378         58,333        0.2387
                                    Retention on employment (3)                          36        14/11/2021          244,378         58,333        0.2387
                                    2019 LTI Grant - performance based (3)               36            1/07/2022       776,627        105,000        0.1352
              Matt Weaver           2019 LTI Grant - performance based (3)               36            1/07/2022       899,736        121,644        0.1352

                  (1)     Awards to Bernard Rowe are subject to shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM.
                  (2)     An additional 2017 Make-up equity grant with a fair value of $374,000, now past the Board’s proposed vesting date of 1 July
                          2020, is to be granted to Bernard Rowe as 2,766,272 shares, subject to shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM.
                  (3)     Refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020.



                                                                                                                   IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT           36


36   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                       Remuneration report



5. Interests held by managing director and senior executives

Movement in interest in equity
After the financial year end, the Board has agreed to put minimum share ownership positions in place for the managing




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ report
director and senior executives.

  Ordinary shares                  Balance at the start of         Acquired           Disposed               Other      Balance at the
                                                 the year                                                              end of the year
  2020
  Bernard Rowe                                 61,475,918                  -                   -                   -        61,475,918
  Ian Bucknell                                          -            663,318                   -                   -           663,318
  Matt Weaver (1)                                 673,526            140,105                   -                   -           813,631
                                               62,149,444            803,423                   -                   -        62,952,867
  2019




                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration report
  Bernard Rowe                                 61,475,918                  -                   -                  -         61,475,918
  Joanna Morbey (2)                            19,606,000                  -           (250,000)       (19,356,000)                  -
  Matt Weaver                                     187,100            486,426                   -                  -            673,526
                                               81,269,018            486,426           (250,000)       (19,356,000)         62,149,444

(1)   Acquired shares are shown net of US taxes remitted on behalf of the employee at date of vesting.
(2)   Joanna Morbey resigned from the Company effective 1 April 2019.


Movement in performance rights




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
  Year ended 30 June                           Vesting Date        Balance at     Number rights             Vested     Balance at the
                                                                  the start of        granted                              end of the
                                                                     the year                                                   year
  2020

  Ian Bucknell - retention on employment         14/11/2019           418,936                   -         (418,936)                 -
  Ian Bucknell - retention on employment         14/11/2019                 -             244,382         (244,382)                 -
  Ian Bucknell - retention on employment         14/11/2020                 -             244,378                 -           244,378
  Ian Bucknell - retention on employment         14/11/2021                 -             244,378                 -           244,378
  Ian Bucknell - 2019 STI                         1/07/2020                 -             488,166                 -           488,166
  Ian Bucknell - 2019 LTI (2)                     1/07/2022                 -             517,751                 -           517,751
  Ken Coon - retention on employment              1/07/2022                 -             956,145                 -           956,145




                                                                                                                                                      Other information
  Yoshio Nagai - retention on employment          1/08/2022                 -             741,120                 -           741,120
  Matt Weaver (1) - retention on employment      27/11/2019           486,425                   -         (486,425)                 -
  Matt Weaver (1) - retention on employment      27/11/2020           486,425                   -                 -           486,425
  Matt Weaver - 2019 STI                          1/07/2020                 -             796,787                 -           796,787
  Matt Weaver - catch up LTIs                     1/07/2021                 -           1,519,208                 -         1,519,208
  Matt Weaver - 2019 LTI (2)                      1/07/2022                 -             607,683                 -           607,683
  Total                                                             1,391,786           6,359,998        (1,149,743)        6,602,041
  2019
  Ian Bucknell - retention on employment         14/11/2019                 -            418,936                  -           418,936
  Matt Weaver (1) - retention on employment      27/11/2018           486,426                  -          (486,426)                 -




                                                                                                                                                   Shareholder and ASX
  Matt Weaver (1) - retention on employment      27/11/2019           486,425                      -               -          486,425
  Matt Weaver (1) - retention on employment      27/11/2020           486,425                      -               -          486,425
  Total                                                             1,459,276            418,936          (486,426)         1,391,786




                                                                                                                                                       information
(1)   Issued under the 2016 Performance Rights Plan as described in section 3.2 of this Remuneration report.
(2)   The 2019 LTI performance rights were proposed to KMPs as 40% time based and 60% performance-based awards. The
      performance-based awards were not granted in the period. Whilst the time-based awards were granted, they have not been
      announced on the ASX pending the issue of the full award (refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020).
(3)   All other performance rights are issued under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan as described in section 3.2 of this Remuneration
      report.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate directory




                                                                                               IONEER LTD      2020 ANNUAL REPORT        37


                                                                                                                                              37
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                  Remuneration report



            6. Remuneration outcomes of non-executive directors

            Non-executive directors
            Total remuneration for all non-executive directors, last voted upon by shareholders at the 2017 Annual General Meeting
            of the Company, is not to exceed $1,000,000 per annum, inclusive of superannuation (excluding special exertion fees).

            This total pool enables the Company in the future, if required, to provide for:

                  •    Adequate financial incentives, commensurate with the market to attract and retain suitably qualified and
                       experienced directors to replace existing non-executive directors;
                  •    Appropriate arrangements to be put in place to ensure a smooth transition on replacement of directors,
                       including a period of overlap if required; and
                  •    Increases in non-executive directors in the future should it be considered appropriate.

            Total remuneration paid to non-executive directors in the financial year was $651,562 (2019: $547,674) in addition
            $411,606 was paid as special exertion fees to James Calaway. The non-executive director fees included $180,000 paid in
            the form of options. The board believes that providing remuneration to directors in the form of options in consideration
            for their services as directors more effectively aligns the interests of directors with those of shareholders, by giving
            directors an opportunity to share in the success of the company. In addition, given the pre-production stage of the
            Project, it conserves cash.

            Directors are also entitled to be paid reasonable travelling, accommodation and other expenses incurred as a
            consequence of their attendance at Board meetings and otherwise in the execution of their duties as directors. The
            Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee and the Chair of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee receive an additional
            $7,276 (USD5,000) per annum to reflect the time spent in managing the Committees.

            The Board has determined that there will be no increase in fees payable to non-executive directors for the financial year
            ending 30 June 2021.

            The board has determined to put to shareholders at the 2020 Annual General Meeting, that non-executive directors
            receive $45,000 in options of the Company in lieu of receipt of directors’ fees in cash.


            Special exertion fee
            During the financial year, from August 2019 to June 2020, Mr Calaway was paid a ‘special exertion fee’ of US$25,000 per
            month to compensate him for what was considered a short-term undertaking of supporting our small management team
            in sales and marketing efforts, the delivery and marketing of the DFS and activities associated with funding the Project
            and related strategic partnering discussions. With the impact of COVID-19, travel restrictions on Australian based staff
            and an extended Project schedule, it became apparent that Mr Calaway’s continued efforts would be required through
            financial year 2021 and as such he was appointed an executive of the Company for a 12-month period, effective 1 July
            2020. He will continue to receive US$25,000 per month for this work in addition to his usual chairman fees.

            Details of the nature and amount of each element of the remuneration of each of the non-executive directors of ioneer
            Ltd paid during the year ended 30 June 2020 are set out in the following table.

                                        Fees (1)        Non-          Superannuation       Options       Special         Total              % of
                                                       monetary                                          exertion                      remuneration
                                                       benefits                                             (2)
                                                                                                                                        that consists
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                       options/rights
                                                   $              $                 $                $            $                $                %
              2020
              James D Calaway              225,725                -                 -         45,000      411,606         682,331                 7%
              Julian Babarczy (3)            5,520                -                 -              -            -           5,520                 0%
              Alan Davies                   75,255                -                 -         45,000            -         120,255                37%
              Patrick Elliott               82,531                -                 -         45,000            -         127,531                35%
              John Hofmeister               82,531                -                 -         45,000            -         127,531                35%
              Total                        471,562                -                 -        180,000      411,606       1,063,168                17%
              2019
              James D Calaway              213,837                -                 -          30,000             -       243,837                12%
              Alan Davies                   71,279                -                 -          30,000             -       101,279                30%
              Patrick Elliott               71,279                -                 -          30,000             -       101,279                30%
              John Hofmeister               71,279                -                 -          30,000             -       101,279                30%
              Total                        427,674                -                 -         120,000             -       547,674                22%

            (1)   Directors fees are set in USD with the chairman fees being US$150,000, non-executive directors US$50,000, plus US$5,000 for each
                  of the chairs of the board committees.
            (2)   James Calaway has been paid US$25,000 per month as a special exertion fee from 1 August 2019 to 30 June 2020.
            (3)   Julian Babarczy was appointed to the Board effective 1 June 2020.


                                                                                                         IONEER LTD    2020 ANNUAL REPORT        38


38   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                   Remuneration report




7. Interests held by non-executive directors

Movement in equity
The board has no approved minimum shareholding guidelines for non-executive directors at the date of this report.




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ report
However, generally non-executive directors have appropriate shareholdings and the board will continue to monitor
investor expectation in this regard.

  Ordinary shares                  Balance at the start of         Acquired           Disposed            Other      Balance at the
                                                 the year                                                           end of the year
  2020
  James D Calaway                              31,600,000                  -                 -                -            31,600,000
  Julian Babarczy (1)                                   -                  -                 -       13,600,000            13,600,000
  Alan Davies                                   2,365,898            384,254                 -                -             2,750,152
  Patrick Elliott                              19,446,722                  -                 -                -            19,446,722




                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration report
  John Hofmeister                               1,461,231            950,000                 -                -             2,411,231
                                               54,873,851          1,334,254                 -       13,600,000            69,808,105
  2019
  James D Calaway                              31,600,000                  -                 -                 -           31,600,000
  Alan Davies                                   1,997,298            368,600                 -                 -            2,365,898
  Patrick Elliott                              19,446,722                  -                 -                 -           19,446,722
  John Hofmeister                                 310,000          1,151,231                 -                 -            1,461,231
                                               53,354,020          1,519,831                 -                 -           54,873,851

(1)   Julian Babarczy was appointed to the Board effective 1 June 2020 and held these shares at the date of appointment.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
Movement in performance rights
There are no performance rights on issue for non-executive directors


Options
The following options were issued during the financial year.

  Participants                     All non-executive directors as at 30 June 2019
  Instruments issued               Options issued at an exercise price equal to the VWAP for the Company’s shares over the 10
                                   trading days immediately before the date of the 2019 AGM.




                                                                                                                                                     Other information
  Fair value                       $45,000

  Date of grant                    14 November 2019

  Vesting                          1 year from the date of grant – 14 November 2020
  Expiry date                      5 years from the date of grant - 14 November 2024




                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate directory



                                                                                             IONEER LTD   2020 ANNUAL REPORT            39




                                                                                                                                             39
Remuneration report – audited continued
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                                                                                           Remuneration report




             Movement in options

               Year ended 30          Vesting        Expiry           Balance at       Granted as         Exercised     Exercise      Amount        Balance as at
               June 2020               Date           Date          beginning of     remuneration                          price        paid               end of
                                                                   financial year                 (1)
                                                                                                                                                    financial year
                                                                        Number             Number           Number              $             $          Number
               James D Calaway        13/04/17      13/04/22          16,000,000                  -              -          0.150             -        16,000,000
                                      13/04/17      13/04/22          12,000,000                  -              -          0.200             -        12,000,000
                                      13/04/17      13/04/22          12,000,000                  -              -          0.250             -        12,000,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23             357,710                  -              -          0.242             -           357,710
                                      14/11/20      14/11/24                   -            326,797              -          0.243             -           326,797
               Sub total                                              40,357,710            326,797              -                            -        40,684,507
               Julian Babarczy                                                 -                  -              -              -             -                 -
               Sub total                                                       -                  -              -              -             -                 -
               Alan Davies            23/05/18      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/19      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/20      23/05/22             100,000                  -              -          0.200             -           100,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23             357,710                  -              -          0.242             -           357,710
                                      14/11/20      14/11/24                   -            326,797              -          0.243             -           326,797
               Sub total                                                 857,710            326,797              -                            -         1,184,507
               Patrick Elliott        09/11/19      09/11/23             357,710                  -              -          0.024             -           357,710
                                      14/11/20      14/11/24                   -            326,797              -          0.243             -           326,797
               Sub total                                                 357,710            326,797              -                            -           684,507
               John Hofmeister        23/05/18      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/19      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/20      23/05/22             100,000                  -              -          0.200             -           100,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23             357,710                  -              -          0.242             -           357,710
                                      14/11/20      14/11/24                   -            326,797              -          0.243             -           326,797
               Sub total                                                 857,710            326,797              -                            -         1,184,507
               Total                                                  42,430,840          1,307,188              -                            -        43,738,028

               Year ended 30          Vesting        Expiry           Balance at       Granted as         Exercised     Exercise      Amount        Balance as at
               June 2019               Date           Date          beginning of     remuneration                          price        paid               end of
                                                                   financial year                 (1)
                                                                                                                                                    financial year
                                                                        Number             Number           Number              $             $          Number
               James D Calaway        13/04/17      13/04/22          16,000,000                  -              -          0.150             -        16,000,000
                                      13/04/17      13/04/22          12,000,000                  -              -          0.200             -        12,000,000
                                      13/04/17      13/04/22          12,000,000                  -              -          0.250             -        12,000,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23                   -            357,710              -          0.242             -           357,710
               Sub total                                              40,000,000            357,710              -                            -        40,357,710
               Alan Davies            23/05/18      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/19      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/20      23/05/22             100,000                  -              -          0.200             -           100,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23                   -            357,710              -          0.242             -           357,710
               Sub total                                                 500,000            357,710              -                            -           857,710
               Patrick Elliott        09/11/19      09/11/23                   -            357,710              -          0.024             -           357,710
               Sub total                                                       -            357,710              -                            -           357,710
               John Hofmeister        23/05/18      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/19      23/05/22             200,000                  -              -          0.200             -           200,000
                                      23/05/20      23/05/22             100,000                  -              -          0.200             -           100,000
                                      09/11/19      09/11/23                   -            357,710              -          0.242             -           357,710
               Sub total                                                 500,000            357,710              -                            -           857,710
               Total                                                  41,000,000          1,430,840              -                            -        42,430,840

             (1)   These options and those issued in 2019, were issued under the Equity Incentive Plan established at the 2018 AGM. All other options were
                   issued under the previous Share Option Plan which was initially established in 2010 and reconfirmed at the 2016 AGM. Refer to section 3.2 of
                   this remuneration report for further details.




                                                                                                                  IONEER LTD     2020 ANNUAL REPORT         40



40   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Consolidated      statement
      Consolidated statement      of and
                             of profit profit   and
                                          loss and other comprehensive
loss and  other comprehensive income
      income
       For the year ended 30 June 2020
For the year ended 30 June 2020

                                                                                                 2020              2019
                                                                                Note           A$'000            A$'000
        Exploration expenditure written off                                      4.5               (81)             (177)
        Other income                                                             2.2               138                  -
        Employee benefits expensed                                               7.1           (5,063)           (1,956)




                                                                                                                                          Directors’ report
        Other expenses                                                           2.3           (3,250)           (3,227)
        Results from operating activities                                                      (8,256)           (5,360)
        Finance income                                                          2.4              2,838             4,426
        Finance costs                                                           2.4                (28)               (7)
        Net finance income                                                      2.4              2,810             4,419
        Loss before tax                                                                        (5,446)              (941)
        Income tax expense                                                      3.1                   -                 -
        Loss for the year                                                                      (5,446)              (941)
        Loss attributable to equity holders of the company                                     (5,446)              (941)




                                                                                                                                         Remuneration report
        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss
        Foreign currency translation difference on foreign operations                            (175)             1,566
        Other comprehensive income (net of tax)                                                  (175)             1,566
        Total comprehensive profit / (loss) for the year                                       (5,621)               625
        Total comprehensive income / (loss) attributable to the owners of the
                                                                                               (5,621)               625
        company




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                 2020              2019
        Earnings per share                                                                      Cents             Cents
        Basic loss per ordinary share                                           2.5             (0.34)            (0.06)
        Diluted loss per ordinary share                                         2.5             (0.34)            (0.06)


       The consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
       accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                         Other information




                                                                                                                                      Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                        IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       41           Corporate directory




                                                                                                                                 41
Consolidated
    Consolidatedstatement       of financial
                statement of financial position position
As at 30As at
         June    20202020
              30 June


                                                                                                     2020                  2019
                                                                                 Note               A$'000                A$'000
              Current assets
              Cash assets                                                         4.1                38,268                48,604
              Receivables                                                         4.2                    58                   319
              Total current assets                                                                   38,326                48,923

              Non-current assets
              Receivables                                                         4.2                  337                    211
              Plant and equipment                                                 4.3                    9                     41
              Right of use asset                                                  4.4                  322                      -
              Exploration and evaluation expenditure                              4.5               94,824                 49,366
              Total non-current assets                                                              95,492                 49,619
              Total assets                                                                         133,818                 98,541

              Current liabilities
              Payables                                                            4.6                 3,097                 2,718
              Provisions                                                          4.7                   271                   167
              Total current liabilities                                                               3,368                 2,886

              Non-Current liabilities
              Payables - non-current                                              4.6                  404                      -
              Total Non-current liabilities                                                            404                      -
              Total liabilities                                                                      3,772                  2,886
              Net assets                                                                           130,046                 95,656

              Equity
              Contributed equity                                                  5.1              153,290                113,013
              Reserves                                                            5.2                 9,837                10,277
              Accumulated losses                                                                   (33,081)               (27,635)
              Total equity                                                                         130,046                 95,656




            The consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                              IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      42




42   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Consolidated
    Consolidatedstatement      of cash flows
                statement of cashflows
For the For
        year   ended
            the year    30 30
                     ended  June   2020
                              June 2020


                                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                                 Note          A$'000            A$'000
          Cash flows from operating activities
          Payment to suppliers and employees                                                    (6,745)           (4,923)
          Interest and other finance costs paid                                                    (28)




                                                                                                                                          Directors’ report
          Net cash flows used in operating activities                             4.1           (6,773)           (4,923)


          Cash flows from investing activities
          Expenditure on mining exploration                                                    (45,080)          (32,063)
          Purchase of equipment                                                   4.3              (21)              (48)
          Interest received                                                                        747             1,710
          Net cash flows used in investing activities                                          (44,354)          (30,401)




                                                                                                                                         Remuneration report
          Cash flows from financing activities
          Proceeds from the issue of shares                                       5.1            40,000                 -
          Proceeds from exercise of options                                       5.1                578             688
          Equity raising expenses                                                 5.1            (1,799)            (125)
          Payments of lease liability                                                              (103)                -
          Net cash flows received from financing activities                                      38,676              563
          Net increase (decrease) in cash held                                                 (12,451)          (34,761)

          Cash at the beginning of the financial year                                           48,604            80,539
          Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on balances of cash held in USD                   2,115             2,826




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
          Closing cash carried forward                                            4.1           38,268            48,604


         The consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                         Other information




                                                                                                                                      Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                         Corporate directory


                                                                                          IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT     43




                                                                                                                                 43
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
        Consolidated
For the year ended 30statement
                      June 2020of changes in equity
            For the year ended 30 June 2020

                                                                                        Foreign
                                                                                                        Equity
                                                                        Issued         currency                      Accumulated         Total
                                                                                                    compensation
                                                                        capital       translation                       losses           equity
                                                                                                       reserve
                                                                                        reserve
                                                              Note     A$'000           A$'000        A$'000           A$'000            A$'000


              As at 1 July 2018                                          112,451                -          8,383         (26,694)         94,140
                Loss for the year ended 30 June 2019                              -             -                -          (941)           (941)
              Other comprehensive income
                Foreign currency translation differences on
                                                                                  -        1,566                 -              -          1,566
              foreign operations
              Total other comprehensive income                                    -        1,566                 -              -          1,566
              Total comprehensive income for the year                             -        1,566                 -          (941)            625
                Issue of share capital                          5.1          687                -                -              -            687
                Share- based payments                           5.2               -             -              328              -            328
                Share issue costs                               5.1         (125)               -                -              -           (125)
              As at 30 June 2019                                         113,013           1,566           8,711         (27,635)         95,655


              As at 1 July 2019                                          113,013           1,566           8,711         (27,635)         95,655
              Loss for the year ended 30 June 2020                                -             -                -        (5,446)         (5,446)
              Other comprehensive income
                Foreign currency translation differences on
                                                                                  -         (175)                -              -           (175)
              foreign operations
              Total other comprehensive income                                    -         (175)                -              -           (175)
              Total comprehensive income for the year                             -         (175)                -        (5,446)         (5,621)
              Issue of share capital
                Ordinary shares cash                            5.1       40,000                -                -              -         40,000
                Proceeds from unlisted options exercised        5.1          578                -                -              -            578
              Share- based payments
                Share Based payments expensed/capitalised       5.2               -             -          1,233                -          1,233
                Fair value of unlisted options exercised        5.2        1,076                -         (1,076)               -                 -
                Fair value of performance rights vested         5.2          422                -           (422)               -                 -
              Share issue costs                                 5.1       (1,799)               -                -              -         (1,799)
              Transactions with owners in their capacity as
                                                                                                                                                  -
              owners
              As at 30 June 2020                                         153,290           1,391           8,446         (33,081)        130,047

            The consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       44




44   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements
     Notes to and forming part of the financial statements

       Section 1. Basis of preparation

       1.1. Reporting entity
       The financial report of ioneer Ltd for the year ended 30 June 2020 was authorised for issue in accordance with a




                                                                                                                                               Directors’ report
       resolution of the Directors on 17 September 2020.

       ioneer Ltd is a for profit company limited by shares and incorporated in Australia whose shares are publicly traded on
       the Australian Securities Exchange under the ticker code “INR”. The registered office of the Company is suite 5.03, 140
       Arthur Street, North Sydney, NSW 2060 Australia.

       The Company is principally engaged in the development of the Rhyolite Ridge lithium-boron deposit in the state of
       Nevada, United States of America. Further information about the nature of the Group’s operations and activities is
       provided in the directors’ report. Information on the group structure is set out in Section 8 of this report and information
       on other related party disclosures of the Group is provided in Section 9.




                                                                                                                                              Remuneration report
       1.2. Basis of preparation
           •    The financial report is a general-purpose financial report, which has been prepared in accordance with
                Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board
                ('AASB') and the Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate for for-profit oriented entities.
           •    These financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the
                International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB'), including new or amended accounting standards effective
                for reporting periods beginning 1 July 2019.
           •    Unless otherwise stated, the accounting policies disclosed have been consistently applied.




                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
           •    The financial report has been prepared on a historical cost basis.
           •    The financial statements have been presented in Australian dollars which is the parent entity’s functional
                currency.
           •    The financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis which assumes the company and
                consolidated entity will have sufficient cash to pay its debts as and when they become payable for a period of
                at least 12 months from the date the financial report was authorised for issue.
           •    The group is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial / Directors Reports)
                Instrument 2016/191, and as such amounts presented in the financial and directors have been rounded to the
                nearest $1,000 (where rounding is permitted), unless otherwise stated.




                                                                                                                                              Other information
       1.3. New and amended accounting standards and interpretations

       The Group applies, for the first time, AASB 16 Leases. The nature and effect of these changes are disclosed below.

       The following standards and interpretations which became effective and were applied for the first time during the year
       ended 30 June 2020 were assessed to have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and
       disclosures:

        AASB interpretation 23 –            Clarification on accounting income tax treatments that have yet to be accepted by
        Uncertainty over income tax         tax authorities.


                                                                                                                                           Shareholder and ASX
        treatments

       Several other standard amendments and interpretations were applicable for the first time from 1 July 2019, but were



                                                                                                                                               information
       not relevant to the Group and does not impact the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

       The Group has not early adopted any other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet
       effective.



       AASB 16 Leases




                                                                                                                                              Corporate directory
       AASB 16 supersedes AASB 117 Leases, IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease, SIC-15
       Operating Leases-Incentives and SIC-27 Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease.
       The standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases and
       requires lessees to account for most leases under a single on-balance sheet model.

       The Group adopted AASB 16 using the modified retrospective method of adoption with the date of initial application of
       1 July 2019. Under this method, the standard is applied retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the
       standard recognised at the date of initial application. The Group elected to use the transition practical expedient

                                                                                             IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       45




                                                                                                                                      45
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            allowing the standard to be applied only to contracts that were previously identified as leases applying AASB 117 and
            IFRIC 4 at the date of initial application. The Group also elected to use the recognition exemptions for lease contracts
            that, at the commencement date, have a lease term of 12 months or less and do not contain a purchase option (‘short-
            term leases’), and lease contracts for which the underlying asset is of low value (‘low-value assets’).


            a) Nature of the effect of adoption of AASB 16
            The Group has lease contracts for various rented offices. Before the adoption of AASB 16, the Group classified each of
            its leases (as lessee) at the inception date as either a finance lease or an operating lease. All leases were classified as
            operating leases as the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the leased asset had not passed to the Group. As an
            operating lease, the leased property was not capitalised, and the lease payments were recognised as rent expense in
            profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Any prepaid rent and accrued rent were recognised under
            Prepayments and Trade and other payables, respectively.


            Upon adoption of AASB 16, the Group applied a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except
            for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The standard provides specific transition requirements and practical
            expedients, which has been applied by the Group.

            The Group recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for those leases previously classified as operating leases,
            except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The right-of-use assets were recognised based on the
            amount equal to the lease liabilities, adjusted for any related prepaid and accrued lease payments previously
            recognised. Lease liabilities were recognised based on the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted
            using the incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application.

            The Group also applied the available practical expedients wherein it:
             •      Used a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics
             •      Relied on its assessment of whether leases are onerous immediately before the date of initial application
             •      Applied the short-term leases exemptions to leases with lease term that ends within 12 months at the date of initial
                    application
             •      Excluded the initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application
             •      Used hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease



            b) Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position and profit or loss
            The effect of adopting AASB 16, is as follows:
                                                                                                                 30 June        30 June
                                                                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                                                                   $’000          $’000
              Impact on consolidated statement of financial position
              (Increase/(decrease))
              Assets
               Right of use asset                                                                                    322                  -
              Total Assets                                                                                           322                  -
              Liabilities
                 Payables - lease liabilities                                                                        333                  -
              Total Liabilities                                                                                      333                  -
              Equity
               Retained Losses                                                                                       (11)                 -
              Total Equity                                                                                           (11)                 -


              Impact of consolidated statement of profit and loss (increase/(decrease))
              Finance expense - lease interest                                                                         7                  -
              General and administration expenses                                                                      4                  -
              Loss for the period                                                                                     11                  -

            The Group recognised rent expense from short-term leases of $92,000 for the twelve months ended 30 June 2020.




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         46

46   ioneer Annual Report 2020
1.4. Basis of consolidation
Controlled entities
Controlled entities are entities controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company has the power, directly or
indirectly to govern the financial and operating policies of an entity so as to obtain benefits from its operations. The




                                                                                                                                        Directors’ report
financial statements of controlled entities are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date control
commences until the date that control ceases. With the exception of the wind up of three Canadian entities during the
financial year there has been no change in the control of any subsidiaries during the financial period. All subsidiaries are
100% owned by the Company (2019: 100%).

Transactions eliminated on consolidation
All inter-company balances and transactions, including unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions, have
been eliminated in full.

Accounting polices




                                                                                                                                       Remuneration report
The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using
consistent accounting policies.




1.5. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with Australian Accounting Standards has required
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions which impact the application of policies and reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. These estimates and associated assumptions are based on




                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
historical knowledge and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstance. Actual results
may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed regularly and revisions to accounting estimates are reviewed in the
period in which the estimate is revised. The most significant estimates and assumptions which have a significant risk of
causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year relate to:

Reserve estimates
Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted, processed and sold
from the Groups properties under current and foreseeable economic conditions. The group determines and reports
reserves under the standards incorporated in the Australian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
and Ore Reserves, 2012 edition (the JORC code).




                                                                                                                                       Other information
The determination of ore reserves includes estimates and assumptions about a range of geological, technical and
economic factors including quantities, grades, production techniques, recovery rates, commodity prices and exchange
rates. Change in ore reserve impact the assessment of recoverability of exploration and evaluation assets.

Estimating the quantity and /or grade of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore to be determined by
analysing geological data. This process may require complex and difficult judgements to interpret the data. Additional
information about the Group’s Reserves and Resources is set out on page 76.

Exploration and evaluation assets


                                                                                                                                    Shareholder and ASX
The Group’s policy for exploration and evaluation expenditure is set out in note 4.5. The application of this policy
requires certain judgements, estimates and assumptions as to the future events and circumstances, in particular the
assessment of whether economic quantities of reserves will be found. Any such estimates and assumptions may change



                                                                                                                                        information
as new information becomes available. If, after capitalisation of expenditure under the policy, it is concluded that the
capitalised expenditure will not be recovered by future exploitation or sale, then the relevant amount will be written off
in the statement of profit or loss. Changes in assumptions may result in a material adjustment to the carrying amount of
exploration and evaluation assets.

Share-based payment transactions
The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity
investments at the date on which they are granted. Additional information is set out in note 7.3, Share-based payments.




                                                                                                                                       Corporate directory




                                                                                      IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       47

                                                                                                                               47
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            1.6. Foreign Currency Transactions and Balances
            Functional and presentation currency
            The functional currency of each of the Group’s entities is measured using the currency of the primary economic
            environment in which that entity operates.

            The functional currency of the entities in the Group is predominantly Australian Dollars, with the exception of ioneer
            USA Corporation and ioneer Minerals Corporation who both have a functional currency of United States Dollars,
            effective from 1 July 2018.

            The consolidated financial statements continue to be presented in Australian dollars, which is the parent entity’s
            functional currency.

            Transactions and balances
            Foreign currency transactions are translated at the foreign exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets
            and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency at the end of the reporting period are translated at the year-end
            exchange rate. Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of
            profit or loss.

            Non-monetary items measured at historical cost continue to be carried at the exchange rate at the date of the
            transaction. Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in other
            comprehensive income to the extent that the underlying gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income;
            otherwise the exchange difference is recognised in profit or loss.

            Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated at
            foreign exchange rates at the dates the fair value was determine.

            Presentation of foreign exchange gains and losses in the statement of profit or loss
            The Group presents its foreign exchange gains and losses within net financing income /expense in the statement of
            profit or loss.


            1.7. Comparatives
            Where applicable, comparative figures have been adjusted to conform to any changes in presentation for the current
            financial year.




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      48

48   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Section 2. Financial performance

2.1. Operating segments
An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and




                                                                                                                                          Directors’ report
incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s other components. An
operating segment’s operating results are reviewed regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to make
decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial
information is available. The Managing Director is considered to be the CODM and is empowered by the Board to allocate
resources and assess the performance of the Group.

Segment results that are reported to the CODM include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
allocated on a reasonable basis.


Description of segments



                                                                                                                                         Remuneration report
The Company operates predominantly as a mineral exploration and development company. The operating segments are
based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director for assessing performance and determining the allocation of
resources and strategic decision making within the Group.

 North America               Represents activity in the US, primarily in relation to Rhyolite Ridge and the Reno office.
 Australia                   Represents head office expenditure, including ASX listing costs, exchange gains and losses
                             and corporate assets (predominantly cash).


Segment information provided to the CODM:




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
 Segment information                                North America                 Australia                  Total
                                                   2020         2019          2020            2019       2020          2019
                                                   $’000        $’000         $’000           $’000      $’000         $’000


 Exploration expenditure - non core                  (81)        (177)             -                -       (81)       (177)
 Other income                                        138             -             -                -       138            -
 Reportable segment profit / (loss)                   57         (177)             -                -        57        (177)
 Employee benefits and other expenses             (2,841)        (562)       (5,473)          (4,620)    (8,313)      (5,183)
 Net financing (expense) / income                      1           (6)        2,809            4,424      2,810        4,419
 Net loss before income tax                       (2,783)        (745)       (2,663)           (196)     (5,446)       (941)




                                                                                                                                         Other information
 Segment assets
 Exploration assets                               94,824       49,366             -                -     94,824       49,366
 Other assets                                      9,764          891        29,230           48,284     38,994       49,175
 Total assets                                    104,588       50,257        29,230           48,284    133,818       98,541
 Segment liabilities
 Payables                                          2,095        2,007         1,002              711      3,097        2,718
 Provisions                                          189           95            82               72        271          167
 Total current liabilities                         2,284        2,102         1,084              784      3,368        2,886




                                                                                                                                      Shareholder and ASX
 Payables                                            404             -             -                -       404             -
 Total non-current liabilities                       404             -             -                -       404             -
 Total liabilities                                 2,688        2,102         1,084              784      3,772        2,886
 Net assets                                      101,900       48,156        28,146           47,500    130,046       95,656


                                                                                                                                          information
                                                                                                             (1)



Major customers
The Company has no customers and nil revenues (2019: nil).




                                                                                                                                         Corporate directory




                                                                                          IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT     49

                                                                                                                                 49
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            2.2. Other income
                                                                                                     30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                            $’000                $’000

              Write back of reclamation bonds                                                                    138                    -
              Total other income                                                                                 138                    -

            The Group has recognised in non-current receivables during the period, outstanding reclamation bonds previously written
            off as exploration expenditure.



            2.3. Other expenses

              General and administrative expenses                                                              1,975               1,729
              Consulting and professional costs                                                                1,224               1,487
              Depreciation and amortisation                                                                       51                  11
              Total other expenses                                                                             3,250               3,227




            2.4. Net finance income

              Interest income                                                                                    721               1,660
              Net foreign exchange gain                                                                        2,117               2,766
              Finance income                                                                                   2,838               4,426

              Bank charges                                                                                       (20)                 (7)
              Lease interest                                                                                       (8)                  -
              Finance expense                                                                                    (28)                 (7)

              Net finance income                                                                               2,810               4,419


            Interest income is recorded at the effective interest rate applicable to the financial instrument. Interest is recognised as it
            accrues (using the effective interest method, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through
            the expected life of the financial instrument) to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      50

50   ioneer Annual Report 2020
 2.5. Earnings per share

                                                                                          30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                 $’000                $’000




                                                                                                                                            Directors’ report
 Earnings used in calculating earnings per share
 Basic and diluted loss                                                                           (5,446)                  (941)



 Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
 denominator                                                                                    Number              Number

   Issued ordinary shares - opening balance                                               1,474,983,509        1,469,497,083
   Effect of shares issued                                                                  122,026,219            2,361,488




                                                                                                                                           Remuneration report
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                               1,597,009,728        1,471,858,571

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June for basic EPS                    1,597,009,728        1,471,858,571
   Effect of dilution from options and rights on issue                                       53,324,084           48,822,626
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for effect of
 dilution                                                                                 1,650,333,812        1,520,681,197




                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                                                                  Cents                Cents

 Basic loss per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                                                                                                   (0.34)              (0.06)
 the company
 Diluted loss per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                                                                                                   (0.34)              (0.06)
 the company




Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be
issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares. The impact the potential ordinary
shares is treated as dilutive only when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS.




                                                                                                                                        Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                           Corporate directory




                                                                                       IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         51

                                                                                                                                   51
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            Section 3. Taxation

                3.1. Taxation

                                                                                                    30 June 2020       30 June 2019
                                                                                                           $’000              $’000
              Tax expense comprises:
               Income tax
                Current tax benefit / (expense)                                                                   -                 -
                Tax expense related to movements in deferred tax balances                                         -                 -
              Total tax (expense) / benefit                                                                       -                 -

              Numerical reconciliation between tax (expense) / benefit and pre-tax net result:
              Profit /(Loss) before tax                                                                    (5,446)              (941)
              Prima facie taxation benefit at 30%                                                          (1,634)              (282)
              Decrease / (increase) in income tax benefit due to:
                Non-deductible expenses                                                                         287                85
                Foreign exchange and other translation adjustments                                            (616)             (869)
                Additional tax deductible expenditure                                                           (82)             (46)
                Un-recognised tax losses relating to current year                                            2,142             1,112
                Adjustments for prior years                                                                     (97)                -
              Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                                       -                -

            No provision for income tax is considered necessary in respect of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2020. No
            recognition has been given to any future income tax benefit which may arise from operating losses not claimed for tax
            purposes. The Group has estimated tax loss positions across the group as follows:

                                                                                                    Jurisdiction
                                                                                      Australia               USA           Canada
                                                                                      Revenue            Revenue           Revenue
                                                                                     AUD$'000            US$'000          CAD$'000
              Non-recognised tax losses - revenue
              Balance at the beginning of the period                                       9,908             4,729                490
              Movement during the period                                                   4,290             2,008              (356)
              Balance at the end of the period                                            14,198             6,737                134

                                                                                       Capital             Capital          Capital
                                                                                     AUD$'000             US$'000         CAD$'000
              Non-recognised tax losses - capital
              Balance at the beginning of the period                                       1,142                   -           6,275
              Movement during the period                                                   6,165                   -          (6,275)
              Balance at the end of the period                                             7,307                   -                -

              Total revenue and capital losses not recognised                             21,505             6,737               134

            These amounts will only be obtained if:

                 •    the Company and Controlled Entities derive future assessable income of a nature and of an amount sufficient to
                      enable the benefit from the deductions for the losses to be realised,
                 •    the Company and Controlled Entities continue to comply with the conditions for deductibility imposed by the
                      law, and
                 •    no changes in tax legislation adversely affect the Company and Controlled Entities in realising the benefit from
                      the deductions for the losses, i.e. current tax legislation permits carried forward tax losses to be carried forward
                      indefinitely.

            ioneer Ltd is not part of an Australian tax-consolidated group. Current and deferred tax amounts (if any) are measured as
            a stand-alone taxpayer. There are no tax funding arrangements or tax sharing agreements in place.

            The group has additional tax value embedded in the Rhyolite Ridge exploration asset. Future deductibility is expected
            against anticipated assessable income from the Project once in production.




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT        52

52   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Section 4. Invested and working capital


4.1. Cash assets


                                                                                                                                       Directors’ report
                                                                                      30 June 2020        30 June 2019
                                                                                             $’000               $’000

 Cash at bank                                                                                17,386                2,338
 Short term deposits                                                                         20,882               46,265
 Total cash assets                                                                           38,268               48,604

 Cash flow reconciliation




                                                                                                                                      Remuneration report
 Reconciliation of net cash outflow from operating activities to
 operating loss after tax
 Loss for the period                                                                         (5,446)                (941)
 Adjustments to reconcile profit to net cash flows:
 Depreciation                                                                                     53                   11
 Other income                                                                                  (138)                    -
 Exploration expenditure written-off                                                              81                  177
 Share-based payments                                                                            682                  182
 Net foreign exchange differences - unrealised                                               (2,116)              (2,827)
 Interest income                                                                               (721)              (1,660)
 Lease liabilities                                                                               103                    -




                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
 Change in assets and liabilities during the financial year:
 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                       (243)                (413)
 Increase / (decrease) in accounts payable                                                       972                  548
 Net cash used in operating activities                                                       (6,773)              (4,923)

Cash assets in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at bank and deposits with an average
maturity of three months or less.




4.2. Receivables


                                                                                                                                      Other information
 Current
 Interest receivable                                                                               3                  26
 Other debtors                                                                                    55                 293
 Total current trade and other receivables                                                        58                 319

 Non-current
 Other debtors                                                                                   337                 211



                                                                                                                                   Shareholder and ASX
 Total non-current trade and other receivables                                                   337                 211




                                                                                                                                       information
Receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
rate method less provision for impairment. Impairment losses are recognised in the profit and loss.




                                                                                                                                      Corporate directory




                                                                                     IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      53

                                                                                                                              53
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            4.3. Plant and equipment

                                                                                                    30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                           $’000                $’000


              Plant and equipment - at cost                                                                      78                  54
              Less accumulated depreciation                                                                    (69)                (13)
              Total plant and equipment                                                                           9                  41
              Reconciliation of the movement
              Opening balance                                                                                    41                   5
                Additions                                                                                        21                  47
                Disposals                                                                                        (2)                  -
                Depreciation expense                                                                           (51)                (11)
                Foreign exchange translation difference                                                            -                  -
              Closing balance                                                                                      9                 41

            Tangible plant and equipment assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value.
            Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset being between 1-4 years.

            An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item) is included in the
            statement of comprehensive income in the period the item is derecognised.

            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Where an
            indicator of impairment exists, the Group makes a formal estimate of recoverable amount. Where the carrying amount of
            an asset exceeds its recoverable amount the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
            Recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.



          4.4.      Right of Use Asset


              Premises - at cost                                                                                434                    -
              Less accumulated depreciation                                                                   (112)                    -
              Total Right of Use Asset                                                                          322                    -

              Reconciliation of the movement
              Opening balance                                                                                     -                    -
              Impact of adoption at 1 July 2019                                                                 177                    -
              Additions                                                                                         257                    -
              Depreciation expense                                                                            (112)                    -
              Closing balance                                                                                   322                    -


            The Group adopted the following new accounting policy upon adoption of AASB 16, which has been applied from the date
            of initial application:


            The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is
            available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
            adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
            recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
            incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease
            term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life
            and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       54




54   ioneer Annual Report 2020
4.5. Exploration and evaluation expenditure
Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred by or on behalf of the Group is accumulated separately for each area of
interest. Such expenditure comprises net direct costs and an appropriate portion of related overhead expenditure but
does not include general overheads or administrative expenditure not having a specific connection with a particular area
of interest.




                                                                                                                                             Directors’ report
Exploration and evaluation costs in relation to separate areas of interest for which rights of tenure are current are brought
to account in the year in which they are incurred and carried forward provided that:
     •   such costs are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the area, or
         alternatively through its sale; or
     •   exploration and/or evaluation activities in the area have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable
         assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves.

Once a development decision has been taken, all past and future exploration and evaluation assets in respect of the area
of interest are tested for impairment and transferred to the cost of development. To date, no development decision has
been made.




                                                                                                                                            Remuneration report
The Directors assess at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset has been impaired and for
exploration and evaluation costs carried forward whether the above carry forward criteria are met. No indicator of
impairment has been identified as at 30 June 2020.

When the above criteria do not apply or when the Directors assess that the carrying value may exceed the recoverable
amount the accumulated costs in respect of areas of interest are written off in the Statement of profit and loss and other
comprehensive income.

                                                                                              30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                     $’000                $’000




                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
 Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                               94,824             49,366
 Reconciliation of movement
 Opening balance                                                                                      49,366             14,915
 Additions - Rhyolite Ridge                                                                           44,362             33,627
 Exploration expenditure - non core                                                                        81               177
 Exploration expenditure - written off                                                                   (81)              (177)
 Foreign exchange translation difference                                                               1,096                824
 Carrying amount at the end of the financial year                                                     94,824             49,366




                                                                                                                                            Other information
The above amounts represent costs of areas of interest carried forward as an asset in accordance with the accounting
policy described above. The ultimate recoupment of exploration and evaluation expenditure in respect of an area of
interest carried forward is dependent upon the discovery of commercially viable reserves and the successful development
and exploitation of the respective areas or alternatively sale of the underlying areas of interest for at least their carrying
value. Amortisation, in respect of the relevant area of interest, is not charged until a mining operation has commenced.
All exploration and evaluation costs carried forward relate to the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium–Boron Project in Nevada, USA.
Exploration and evaluation expenditure on all other tenements owned by the Company has been fully impaired.




                                                                                                                                         Shareholder and ASX
4.6. Payables



                                                                                                                                             information
 Current
 Trade creditors and other payables                                                                     1,557             2,232
 Accrued expenses                                                                                       1,335               486
 Lease Liabilities                                                                                        205                 -
 Total current payables                                                                                 3,097             2,718

 Non-Current
 Trade creditors and other payables                                                                       276                  -




                                                                                                                                            Corporate directory
 Lease Liabilities                                                                                        128                 -
 Total non-current payables                                                                               404                 -
 Total current and non-current payables                                                                 3,501             2,718

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value net of directly attributable transaction costs.

After initial measurement, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Current payables, other than
lease liabilities, due to their short-term nature are measured at amortised cost and are not discounted.

                                                                                             IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT     55

                                                                                                                                    55
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            The current payables, other than lease liabilities, are unsecured and are non-interest bearing generally on 30-60 day terms.
            The carrying amounts approximate fair value.

            The Group adopted the following new accounting policy upon adoption of AASB 16, which has been applied from the date
            of initial application:

            At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease
            payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in - substance fixed
            payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
            expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase
            option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term
            reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
            are recognised as expense in the period on which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
            commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the
            amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
            addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change
            in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.




            4.7. Provisions

            Employee entitlements
                                                                                                    30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                           $’000                $’000

              Current
              Provision for employee benefits                                                                  271                  167

            Provision is made for the Group’s liability for employee benefits arising from services rendered by employees to the end of
            the reporting period. Employee benefits that are expected to be settled within one year have been measured at the
            amounts expected to be paid when the liability is settled. Employee benefits payable later than one year have been
            measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made for those benefits. In determining the
            liability, consideration is given to employee wages increases and the probability that the employee may satisfy vesting
            requirements. Those cash flows are discounted using market yields on high quality corporate bonds with terms to maturity
            that match the expected timing of cash flows.




                                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       56


56   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Section 5. Capital structure

5.1.       Share capital



                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ report
Ordinary shares

                                                                                                            30 June 2020           30 June 2019
                                                                                                                   $’000                  $’000

 1,680,202,466 (2019:1,474,983,509) ordinary shares, fully paid                                                    153,290                 113,013




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration report
                                                                 Year ended             Year ended            Year ended             Year ended
                                                                30 June 2020           30 June 2019          30 June 2020           30 June 2019
 Reconciliation of movement:                                         Number                 Number                  $’000                  $’000
 Balance at the beginning of the financial
                                                                1,474,983,509          1,469,497,083                113,013                    112,451
 year
   Ordinary shares                                                200,000,000                      -                 40,000                       -
   Exercise of unlisted options (1)                                 3,750,000              5,000,000                  1,654                    687
   Performance rights vested (2)                                    1,468,957                486,426                    422                       -
   Share issue costs                                                        -                      -                 (1,799)                  (125)
 Balance at the end of the financial period                     1,680,202,466          1,474,983,509                153,290                113,013




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
     (1)   Value of unlisted options exercised equals the sum of the exercise price received plus the fair value transferred from the equity
           compensation reserve
     (2)   Ordinary shares issued to US employees upon vesting of performance rights are issued net of US taxes.

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Ordinary shares entitle their holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at a
meeting of the Company. They have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event of winding up the Company,
to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of and amounts paid up on shares
held.

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, options or rights are shown in equity as a deduction from the
proceeds.




                                                                                                                                                                 Other information
Management controls the capital of the Group in order to maintain a sustainable debt to equity ratio, generate long-term
shareholder value and ensure that the Group can fund its operations and continue as a going concern.

The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

During the year ended 30 June 2020 the Company issued:

     •     200,000,000 shares as a consequence of a share placement in November 2019.
     •     3,750,000 shares as a consequence of unlisted options being exercised under the Share Option plan.
     •     982,532 shares as a consequence of Performance Rights vesting under the Equity Incentive Plan.



                                                                                                                                                              Shareholder and ASX
     •     486,425 shares as a consequence of Performance Rights vesting under the Performance Rights Plan

During the year ended 30 June 2019 the Company issued:



                                                                                                                                                                  information
     •     5,000,000 shares as a consequence of unlisted options being exercised under the Share Option plan.
     •     486,426 shares as a consequence of Rights vesting under the Performance Rights Plan.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate directory




                                                                                                       IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT               57

                                                                                                                                                         57
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            Share schemes
            The Company has three share schemes in operation:
                 •  The Share Option Plan;
                 •  The Performance Rights Plan; and
                 •  The Equity Incentive Plan.

            Under these plans ordinary shares have been granted to senior executives, employees and a number of consultants. Further
            details about the operation of these plans are set out in note 7.3, Shared-based payments. The Equity Incentive Plan is
            capable of issuing both options and performance rights. The pre-existing Share Option Plan and the Performance Rights
            Plan will be phased out as existing options and rights are issued or expire. The movement in options and performance
            rights issued under these plans is set out in the following tables.

            Share options

              Movement in options on issue for the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                          FV per
                                                                          option
                                                                         at grant   Exercise
                                 Grant        Vesting         Expiry         date      price
                                                                                                   Opening                                                  Closing
                                  date           date          date             $           $       balance       Issued     Exercised        Expired       balance
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     13-Apr-17      13-Apr-22         0.122       0.150    16,000,000             -              -             -   16,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     13-Apr-17      13-Apr-22         0.113       0.200    12,000,000             -              -             -   12,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     13-Apr-17      13-Apr-22         0.106       0.250    12,000,000             -              -             -   12,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-18      23-May-22         0.063       0.200       400,000             -              -             -      400,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-19      23-May-22         0.088       0.200       400,000             -              -             -      400,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-20      23-May-22         0.105       0.200       200,000             -              -             -      200,000
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.304       0.125      1,250,000            -    (1,250,000)             -             -
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.289       0.150      1,250,000            -    (1,250,000)             -             -
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.275       0.175      1,250,000            -      (625,000)     (625,000)             -
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.263       0.200      1,250,000            -     (625,000)      (625,000)             -
              NED's (1)      09-Nov-18     09-Nov-19      09-Nov-23         0.126       0.242      1,430,840            -              -             -    1,430,840
              NED's(1),(2)   14-Nov-19     14-Nov-20      14-Nov-24         0.138       0.243              -    1,307,188              -             -    1,307,188
              Movement for the year ended 30 June 2020                                           47,430,840     1,307,188    (3,750,000)   (1,250,000)   43,738,028



              Movement in options on issue for the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                          FV per
                                                                          option
                                                                         at grant    Exercise
                                 Grant        Vesting         Expiry         date       price      Opening                                                  Closing
                                  date          date           date             $           $       balance       Issued     Exercised       Expired        balance
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     31-Jan-19         0.038       0.125     2,500,000             -   (2,500,000)              -             -
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     31-Jan-19         0.033       0.150     2,500,000             -   (2,500,000)              -             -
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     31-Jan-19         0.029       0.175     2,500,000             -             -    (2,500,000)             -
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     31-Jan-19         0.026       0.200     2,500,000             -             -    (2,500,000)             -
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     30-Jan-19         0.033       0.150     1,100,000             -             -    (1,100,000)             -
              Advisors       31-Jan-17      31-Jan-17     30-Jan-19         0.026       0.020     1,000,000             -             -    (1,000,000)             -
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17      13-Apr-17     13-Apr-22         0.122       0.150    16,000,000             -             -              -   16,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17      13-Apr-17     13-Apr-22         0.113       0.200    12,000,000             -             -              -   12,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17      13-Apr-17     13-Apr-22         0.106       0.250    12,000,000             -             -              -   12,000,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-18      23-May-22         0.063       0.200       400,000             -             -              -      400,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-19      23-May-22         0.088       0.200       400,000             -             -              -      400,000
              NED's(1)       13-Apr-17     23-May-20      23-May-22         0.105       0.200       200,000             -             -              -      200,000
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.304       0.125     1,250,000             -             -              -    1,250,000
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.289       0.150     1,250,000             -             -              -    1,250,000
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.275       0.175     1,250,000             -             -              -    1,250,000
              Advisors       09-Jan-18      09-Jan-18     09-Jan-20         0.263       0.200     1,250,000             -             -              -    1,250,000
              NED's(1)       07-Nov-18     07-Nov-19      07-Nov-23         0.126       0.242              -   1,430,840              -              -    1,430,840
              Movement for the year ended 30 June 2019                                           58,100,000    1,430,840    (5,000,000)    (7,100,000)   47,430,840

            (1)    NED’s refers to Non-executive directors.
            (2)    During the current financial year each non-executive director was granted 326,797 options under the new Equity Incentive Plan in lieu of director
                   fees. For further details refer to the remuneration report.
            (3)    Other refers to options held by various KMP, other employees or ex-employees.




                                                                                                                    IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT             58

58   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Performance rights

 Movement in performance rights on issue for the year ended 30 June 2020

                                                                          Market
                                                                        Value per
                                                                          right at    Opening                                   Closing




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ report
                                            Grant         Vesting      grant date      balance        Issued     Exercised      balance
                                             date            date               $      Number       Number         Number       Number
 Class B(1)                             27-Nov-17       27-Nov-19           0.225       486,425             -     (486,425)            -
 Class C(1)                             27-Nov-17       27-Nov-20           0.225       486,425             -              -    486,425
 Class D (2)                            14-Nov-18       14-Nov-19           0.239       418,936             -     (418,936)            -
 Retention on employment - KMP (3)      08-Aug-19       14-Nov-19           0.239             -      244,382      (244,382)            -
 Retention on employment - KMP (3)      08-Aug-19       14-Nov-20           0.239             -      244,378               -    244,378
 Retention on employment - KMP (3)      08-Aug-19       14-Nov-21           0.239             -      244,378               -    244,378
 Retention on employment - staff        06-May-19       06-May-20           0.190             -      251,021      (251,021)            -
 Retention on employment - staff        06-May-19       06-May-21           0.190             -      251,021               -    251,021




                                                                                                                                                            Remuneration report
 Retention on employment - staff        06-May-19       06-May-22           0.190             -      251,021               -    251,021
 STI - KMP                              08-Aug-19        01-Jul-20          0.135             -    1,284,953               -   1,284,953
 LTI - KMP (4)                          08-Aug-19        01-Jul-22          0.135             -    1,125,434               -   1,125,434
 Retention on employment - staff         01-Jul-19       01-Jul-20          0.135             -      169,457               -    169,457
 Catch-up LTIs - KMP                    08-Aug-19        01-Jul-21          0.135             -    1,519,208               -   1,519,208
 Retention on employment - staff         01-Jul-19       01-Jul-21          0.135             -      169,457               -    169,457
 Retention on employment - KMP           01-Jul-19       01-Jul-22          0.135             -      956,145               -    956,145
 Retention on employment - staff         01-Jul-19       01-Jul-22          0.135             -      169,457               -    169,457
 Retention on employment - staff         15-Jul-19       15-Jul-20          0.185             -      256,156               -    256,156
 Retention on employment - staff         15-Jul-19       15-Jul-21          0.185             -      256,156               -    256,156




                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
 Retention on employment - staff         15-Jul-19       15-Jul-22          0.185             -      256,156               -    256,156
 Retention on employment - KMP          01-Aug-19       01-Aug-22           0.186             -      741,120               -    741,120
 Retention on employment - staff (5)    01-Aug-19       01-Aug-22           0.186             -      204,580      (204,580)            -
 Retention on employment - staff        14-Oct-19       14-Oct-22           0.184             -      169,699               -    169,699
 Retention on employment - staff        31-Mar-20       31-Mar-23           0.085             -      555,435               -    555,435
 Special Award                          30-Jun-20       30-Jun-23           0.122             -      480,000               -    480,000

 Movement for the year ended 30 June 2020                                             1,391,786    9,799,614     (1,605,344)   9,586,056




                                                                                                                                                            Other information
 Movement in performance rights on issue for the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                        Market
                                                                      Value per
                                                                        right at      Opening                                   Closing
                                           Grant         Vesting     grant date        balance       Issued      Exercised      balance
                                            date            date               $      Number        Number        Number        Number
 Class A(1)                           27-Nov-17        27-Nov-18           0.225       486,426            -       (486,426)            -
 Class B(1)                             27-Nov-17      27-Nov-19            0.225       486,425             -              -    486,425
 Class C(1)                             27-Nov-17      27-Nov-20            0.225       486,425             -              -    486,425
 Class D (2)                            14-Nov-18      14-Nov-19            0.239             -      418,936               -    418,936




                                                                                                                                                         Shareholder and ASX
 Movement for the year ended 30 June 2019                                             1,459,276      418,936      (486,426)    1,391,786




                                                                                                                                                             information
(1)   The Class A, B & C Performance Rights granted on 27 November 2017 are service based performance rights and vest over time. The vesting
      price is nil. These Performance Rights were issued under the terms of the 2016 Performance Rights Plan.
(2)   The Class D Performance Rights were granted on 14 November 2018 are service based performance rights and vest over time. The vesting
      price is nil. These Performance Rights were granted under the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan established at the 2018 Annual General
      Meeting.
(3)   These retention on employment awards represent 50% of entitlement due to an administrative error. The balance were awarded post year-end
      (refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020).
(4)   The 2019 LTI performance rights were proposed to KMPs as 40% time based and 60% performance-based awards. The performance-based awards
      were not granted in the period. Whilst the time-based awards were granted, they have not been announced on the ASX pending the issue of the
      full award (refer ASX release dated 15 September 2020).




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate directory
(5)   At the Board’s discretion, performance rights were partially subject to accelerated vesting due to redundancy with the remainder lapsing.

For further details regarding the Equity Incentive Plan (2018), the Option Plan and Performance Rights Plan refer to note 7.3.




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT            59

                                                                                                                                                    59
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            5.2.      Reserves

                                                                                                      30 June 2020       30 June 2019
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

              Equity compensation reserve
              Balance at the beginning of period                                                                8,711              8,383
                  Share based payment expensed/capitalised                                                      1,233                328
                  Fair value of unlisted options exercised                                                    (1,076)                  -
                   Fair value of performance rights vested                                                      (422)                  -
              Balance at the end of the financial period                                                        8,446              8,711

              Foreign currency translation reserve
              Balance at the beginning of period                                                                1,566                  -
              Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations                                   (175)              1,566
              Balance at the end of the financial period                                                        1,391              1,566

              Total reserves                                                                                    9,837             10,277

            The equity compensation reserve is used to recognise the value of equity settled share-based payments provided to
            employees, directors and consultants. The fair value of such compensation is measured using generally accepted
            valuation methodologies for pricing financial instruments, and incorporates all factors and assumptions that
            knowledgeable, willing market participants would consider in setting the price. The fair value of instruments granted is
            recognised as an expense or capitalised if appropriate over the vesting period with a corresponding increase in equity.

            The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the following:
                 •   The translation of the financial statements of foreign operations where the functional currency is different to the
                     functional currency of the parent entity; and
                 •   Exchange differences arise on the translation of monetary items which form part of the net investment in the
                     foreign operation.




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT        60

60   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Section 6. Financial instruments

6.1.        Classification and measurement
The carrying values of financial assets and liabilities of the Group approximate their fair value.




                                                                                                                                            Directors’ report
The Group measures and recognises in the statement of financial position on a recurring basis certain assets and liabilities
at fair value in accordance with AASB 13 Fair value measurement. The fair value must be estimated for recognition and
measurement or for disclosure purposes in accordance with the following hierarchy:

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
          (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liabilities which are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                                                                                           Remuneration report
The Group has no financial assets where the carrying amount exceeds net fair values at balance date. The Group’s
receivables at balance date are detailed in Section 4.2 of this report.




6.2.        Financial risk management

Framework
The Group is involved in activities that expose it to a variety of financial risks including:




                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
    a) Credit risk
    b) Liquidity risk
    c) Capital management risk
    d) Market risk related to commodity pricing, interest rates and currency fluctuations.

The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the financial risk management
framework of the Group. Management is responsible for monitoring the financial risks.

The objective of the financial risk management strategy is to minimise the impact of volatility in financial markets on the
financial performance, cash flows and shareholder returns. This requires the identification and analysis of relevant financial
risks and possible impact on the achievement of the Group’s objectives.




                                                                                                                                           Other information
The Group does not undertake any hedging activities.



a)   Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of sustaining a financial loss as a result of the default by a counterparty to make full and timely
payments on transactions which have been executed, after allowing for set-offs which are legally enforceable.

Credit risk arises from investments in cash and cash equivalents with banks and credit exposure to customers and/or
suppliers. Receivables and cash and cash equivalents represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk.


                                                                                                                                        Shareholder and ASX
There are no trade receivables past due or impaired at the end of the reporting period (2019: Nil).




                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                           Corporate directory




                                                                                          IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       61

                                                                                                                                   61
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            b)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.

            The Group manages liquidity risk by continually monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching maturity profiles of
            financial assets and liabilities. Short and long-term cash flow projections are prepared periodically and submitted to the
            Board.

                                                                  Less than 1                                      More than 5
                                                                         year      1-2 years        2-5 years            years            Total
              Contractual cash flows                  Note              $’000          $’000            $’000            $’000            $’000
              Consolidated - 2020
              Payables                                 4.6               3,135           408                   0               0          3,543

              Consolidated - 2019
              Payables                                 4.6               2,718              0                  0               0          2,718



            c)   Capital management risk
            The overriding objective of the Group’s capital management strategy is to increase shareholder returns whilst maintaining
            the flexibility to pursue the strategic initiatives within a prudent capital structure.

            The primary objective of the capital management policy is to ensure the Group maintains a strong credit rating and
            appropriate capital ratios to support the development of the Company’s assets.

            The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of economic conditions. During the
            financial year the company undertook a capital raise through the issue of new shares. The Board believes that this capital
            raise secures the Company’s financial position until the ‘decision to mine’ stage of the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project.


            d)   Market risk
            Foreign exchange risk
            The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency exposures,
            primarily with respect to United States dollars.

            The Company operates bank accounts in US Dollars. Over 79% of the Company’s cash reserves are held in US Dollars. The
            Directors are satisfied that the future operations of the company will be in the USA so it is prudent to hold cash reserves in
            US dollars to avoid any unnecessary currency exposure.

                                                                                      Average rate for the         Spot rate at the end of the
                                                                                      year ended 30 June                     reporting period
                                                                                                     2020                                2020
              Exchange rates applied during the year:
              AUD / USD                                                                               0.6714                             0.6863

                                                                                                      2020                               2019
              Financial instruments denominated in United States dollars                             A$’000                             A$’000
              Financial assets
                Cash                                                                                  30,377                             45,335
                Trade and other receivables                                                               32                                 91
              Financial liabilities
                Trade and other payables                                                               2,443                              2,007



            An increase in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of 10% will result in a $2,762,000 (30 June 2019: $4,121,000) increase in
            current year loss and decrease in US dollar currency bank balances. In addition, there would be an $3,000 (30 June 2019:
            $11,000) decrease in US dollar receivables with nil impact on current year loss because the impact is taken to foreign
            currency translation reserve.




                                                                                                       IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT           62

62   ioneer Annual Report 2020
A decrease in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of 10% will result in a $3,375,000 (30 June 2019: $5,037,000) decrease in
current year loss and an increase in US dollar currency bank balances. In addition, there would be a $3,000 (30 June 2019:
$13,000) increase in US dollar receivables with nil impact on current year loss because the impact is taken to foreign currency
translation reserve.

In addition an increase in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of 10% will result in a $222,000 (30 June 2019: $191,000) increase




                                                                                                                                             Directors’ report
in payables. A decrease in AUD:USD foreign exchange rates of 10% will result in a $271,000 (30 June 2019: $233,000)
decrease in payables. There would be nil impact on current year loss because the difference is taken to foreign currency
translation reserve.


Interest rate risk
The Company’s exposure to interest rate risk, which is the risk that a financial instrument’s value will fluctuate as a result of
reasonable possible changes in the market interest rates arise in relation to the Company’s bank balances.

The Company does not engage in any hedging or derivative transactions to manage interest rate risk.




                                                                                                                                            Remuneration report
An increase of interest rates of 1% will result in a $473,000 (30 June 2019 $659,000) decrease in the current year loss and
an increase in interest income related to cash deposits. A decrease of interest rates of 1% will result in a $473,000 (30
June 2019 $659,000) increase in current year loss and decrease in interest income related to cash deposits.


Commodity price risk
The Company is exposed to future commodity price risk. This risk arises from its activities directed at exploration and
development of mineral commodities. If commodity prices fall, the market for companies exploring for these
commodities is affected. The Company does not hedge its exposures.




                                                                                                                                            Financial statements




                                                                                                                                            Other information




                                                                                                                                         Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                            Corporate directory




                                                                                         IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       63


                                                                                                                                    63
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            Section 7. Employee benefits and KMP disclosures


            7.1.       Employee benefits expensed

                                                                                                   30 June 2020          30 June 2019
                                                                                                           $’000                 $’000


              Director fees                                                                                883                   428
              Employee benefits expense                                                                  3,498                 1,346
              Share-based payments                                                                         682                   182
              Total employee benefit expense                                                             5,063                 1,956




            7.2.      Key management personnel disclosure
            Key management personnel (KMP) comprised the following:

              Short-term employee                                                                        3,859                 1,831
              Post-employment benefits                                                                        -                  134
              Share-based payments                                                                         986                   328
              Total payments to KMP                                                                      4,845                 2,294




            Transactions with directors and KMP
            With the exception of the disclosures within this note, no director or executive has entered into any material contracts
            with the Group since the end of the previous financial year and there were no material contracts involving directors’ or
            executive interests existing at year end.

            The Company has entered into indemnity deeds to indemnify executives of the Company against certain liabilities
            incurred in the course of performing their duties.




                                                                                                 IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT         64

64   ioneer Annual Report 2020
7.3.       Share-based payments
Share-based compensation is provided to employees via rights or options to acquire shares in the Company. As
described in note 5.1, Share capital, the Company has three share schemes in operation. Under these plans, options or
performance rights which may be converted into ordinary shares have been granted to senior executives, employees and
a number of consultants.




                                                                                                                                          Directors’ report
The cost of these equity-settled transactions is determined by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are
granted. The fair value of the options granted is determined using the Black & Scholes option pricing model. The fair value
of the performance rights granted with time based hurdles is determined by using the 10 day VWAP of the Company’s fully
paid share capital, up to and including the date the performance rights are issued, and for the performance based
performance rights the fair value is determined by using a Monte Carlo model for the valuation of the performance rights
subject to the relative TSR performance hurdle and for those rights subject to the business objectives, the valuation is equal
to the value of the share price at grant date, multiplied by the number of shares anticipated to vest.

The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date reflects:




                                                                                                                                         Remuneration report
    i.    the extent to which the vesting period has expired, and
   ii.    the number of awards that, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, will ultimately vest.

This opinion is formed based on the best available information at balance date. Where an equity-settled award is
cancelled, the estimate is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the
award is recognised immediately.

Each plan is described in more detail below.

Equity Incentive Plan – established at the 2018 AGM




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
A new Equity Incentive Plan was established following the AGM held on 31 October 2018. The purpose of the new Equity
Incentive Plan (“the Plan”) is to provide eligible persons the opportunity to participate in the growth and profits of the
Company and to attract, motivate and retain their services to promote the Company’s long-term success.

Under the terms of the Plan, the Board may at its discretion invite eligible persons to participate in a grant of awards. An
award may be either an option or performance right, to acquire a share in the capital of the Company in accordance with
the Plan rules.

Options and rights issued under the terms and condition of the new ioneer Equity Incentive Plan are as follows:


         Type                                     Key terms                                        Expiry Date




                                                                                                                                         Other information
 Options

 Non-Executive                                                                             Tranche 1: 9 Nov 23
 Directors             The options were issued at an exercise price equal to the           Tranche 2: 14 Nov 24
                       VWAP for the Company’s shares over the 10 trading days
                       immediately before the date of the AGM. The options vest
                       after 12 months and expire 60 months from the date of issue.

 Performance rights – time-based
 Retention on            •   Agreements with early recruits included vesting in equal                   N/A
 Employment                  instalments after 12, 24 and 36 months. However, since



                                                                                                                                      Shareholder and ASX
                             mid-2019 a standard approach of vesting after 3 years has
                             been implemented.
                         •   Conditional on the achievement of continuing
                             employment


                                                                                                                                          information
 Deferred STI            •   12 month vesting period from 1 July the year following                     N/A
                             the relevant STI period
                         •   Conditional on the achievement of continuing
                             employment

 Make-up LTI             •   36 month vesting period from 1 July 2017 & 1 July 2018                     N/A




                                                                                                                                         Corporate directory
 grants for 2017 &           respectively
 2018                    •   Conditional on the achievement of continuing
                             employment

 LTI grants              •   36 month vesting period from 1 July of relevant period                     N/A
                         •   Conditional on the achievement of continuing
                             employment




                                                                                      IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      65

                                                                                                                                 65
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued

                     Type                                     Key terms                                         Expiry Date
              Performance rights – performance-based
              LTI grants                •    36 month vesting period from 1 July of relevant                        N/A
                                             period
                                        •    The Board will employ discretion in assessing Project
                                             results and determining the vesting of performance
                                             units; below, at or above targets (up to 200%)


            Key features include:

                 •    The Board may at its discretion make invitations to or grant awards to eligible persons.
                 •    Award means an option or a performance right to acquire a Share in the capital of the Company.
                 •    Eligible Persons include executive directors or executive officers of the Group, employees, contractors or
                      consultants of the group or any other person.
                 •    A participant may not sell or assign awards.
                 •    Within 30 days after the vesting date in respect of a vested performance right, the Company must either allocate
                      shares or procure payment to the participant of a cash amount equal to the market price of the shares which
                      would have otherwise been allocated.
                 •    At any time during the exercise period a participant may exercise any or all of their vested options by paying the
                      exercise price.

            Whilst there are a number of options and performance rights remaining on issue under the terms and conditions of
            previous schemes, no further options or rights will be issued under these pre-existing schemes which are described
            below.

            Share Option Plan
            The Group established a Share Option Plan in 2010 (and reconfirmed it at the 2016 AGM) to assist in the attraction,
            retention and motivation of KMP and in the retention of key consultants. Key features include:

                 •    Full or part time employees or consultants of the Group are eligible to participate.
                 •    Options issued pursuant to the plan will be issued free of charge.
                 •    Options cannot be transferred and are not quoted on the ASX.
                 •    Options expire if not exercised 90 days after a participant resigns from the Company.
                 •    The exercise price of the options, at grant date, shall be as the directors in their absolute discretion determine,
                      provided the exercise price shall not be less than the weighted average of the last sale price of the Company’s
                      shares on ASX at the close of business on each of the 5 business days immediately preceding the date on which
                      the directors resolve to grant the options.
                 •    The directors may limit the total number of options which may be exercised under the plan in any year.

            A summary of options on issue is set out in note 5.1.


            Performance Rights Plan
            In addition to the Share Option Plan discussed above, the Group established the Performance Rights Plan at the 2016
            AGM to assist in the attraction, retention and motivation of the Company’s directors, executives, employees and senior
            consultants. Key features include:

                 •    The Board will determine the number of performance rights to be granted to eligible employees (or their
                      nominees), the vesting conditions and expiry date of the performance rights in its sole discretion.
                 •    The performance rights are not transferable unless the Board determines otherwise, or the transfer is required
                      by law and provided that the transfer complies with the Corporations Act.
                 •    Subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules and restrictions on reducing the rights of a holder of
                      performance rights, the Board will have the power to amend the Performance Rights Plan as it sees fit.
                 •    If a vesting condition of a performance right is not achieved by the milestone date, then the performance right
                      will lapse.
                 •    The performance rights will be granted for nil consideration. Upon exercise of the rights, shares will be issued
                      on a one for one basis on the same terms as the Company's existing Shares.

            A summary of performance rights on issue is set out in note 5.1.




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       66
66   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Section 8. Group structure

8.1. Parent entity disclosures



                                                                                                                                   Directors’ report
                                                                                   30 June 2020          30 June 2019
                                                                                          $’000                 $’000
 Result for the parent entity
 Loss for the period                                                                      (8,829)                (240)
 Total comprehensive loss for the period                                                  (8,829)                (240)

 Financial position of the parent entity
 Current assets                                                                          138,441              107,001
 Non-current assets                                                                          162                  118




                                                                                                                                  Remuneration report
 Total assets                                                                            138,603              107,119
 Current liabilities                                                                       1,083                  784
 Total liabilities                                                                         1,083                  784
 Net assets                                                                              137,520              106,335

 Contributed equity                                                                      153,291              113,013
 Reserves                                                                                   8,446               8,711
 Accumulated losses                                                                      (24,217)             (15,389)
 Total equity                                                                            137,520              106,335




                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
Parent entity contingencies and disclosures
Commitments of the Company as at reporting date are disclosed in note 9.1 to the financial statements.

Parent entity guarantees in respect of debts of its subsidiaries
No guarantees have been entered into by the Company in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries.




8.2. Controlled entities



                                                                                                                                  Other information
                                                                                             2020               2019
                                                                     Country of         ownership          ownership
 Controlled entities of ioneer Ltd                        Note    incorporation           interest           interest
 ioneer USA Corporation                                                    USA                100                100
 ioneer Minerals Corporation                                               USA                100                100
 ioneer holdings USA Inc.                                                  USA                100                   -
 ioneer holdings Nevada Inc.                                               USA                100                   -
 Gerlach Gold LLC                                                          USA                100                100
 Paradigm AZ LLC                                                           USA                100                100


                                                                                                                               Shareholder and ASX
 PGPL Minerals USA Pty Limited                                          Canada                100                100
 PGPL Diamonds Pty Limited                                              Canada                100                100
 PGPL Minerals Middle America Pty Limited                   2           Canada                   -               100


                                                                                                                                   information
 PGPL Minerals South America Pty Limited                    2           Canada                   -               100
 Paradigm Canadian Diamonds Pty Limited                     2           Canada                   -               100
 Banlona Pty Ltd                                            1          Australia                 -               100
 Paradigm Nevada Pty Ltd                                    1          Australia                 -               100
 Paradigm Geoscience (North America) Pty Ltd                1          Australia                 -               100

 (1)   Deregistration completed 31 July 2019
 (2)   Dissolution registered 16 June 2020.




                                                                                                                                  Corporate directory




                                                                                   IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT     67

                                                                                                                          67
Notes to and forming part of the
financial statements continued
            Section 9. Other disclosures

            9.1.      Capital and other commitments

                                                                                                 30 June 2020         30 June 2019
                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
              Payable within one year
              Water rights                                                                                 269                   113
              Non-cancellable lease commitments                                                             44                   192
              Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                           253                   204
              Sub total                                                                                    566                   509
              Payable after one year but not later than five years
              Water rights                                                                                 603                   148
              Non-cancellable lease commitments                                                             51                   216
              Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                           506                   408
              Sub total                                                                                  1,160                   771
              Payable later than five years
              Water rights                                                                                   -                     -
              Non-cancellable operating lease rental commitments                                             -                     -
              Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                             -                     -
              Sub total                                                                                      -                     -
              Total commitments                                                                          1,726                 1,280

            Water rights
            The Company has secured water rights via exclusive options to enter long-term leases. In addition, there is an option to
            purchase these water rights and associated land at any time at the Company’s sole election, this is a discretionary
            purchase and is excluded from the commitments disclosed above.

            Non-cancellable lease commitments
            Included within non-cancellable lease commitments is the lease of a neighbouring property to the Rhyolite Ridge
            Lithium-Boron Project. The Company has entered an option agreement to purchase this property. The cost of this
            discretionary purchase is excluded from the commitments disclosed above.

            Exploration licence expenditure requirements
            In order to maintain the Company’s tenements in good standing with the various mines departments and comply with the
            underlying option agreements, the Company will be required to pay annual claim maintenance fees. It is likely that the
            granting of new licenses and changes in license areas at renewal or expiry will change the expenditure commitment to the
            Company from time to time.




                                                                                                IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT      68

68   ioneer Annual Report 2020
9.2.     Contingent liabilities

Settlement of Rhyolite Ridge
The Company entered an option agreement to purchase Rhyolite Ridge from Boundary Peak Minerals LLC on 3 June 2016.




                                                                                                                                         Directors’ report
The Company has made 4 progress payments to Boundary Peak under the agreement. A final payment will fall due
following Board making a ‘decision to mine’ the Rhyolite Ridge property. Once this decision is made, the Company is
required under the terms of the contract to either:

    •    Pay Boundary Peak LLC US$3 million, or
    •    Issue shares (or a mix of both shares and cash) to Boundary Peak LLC, to the equivalent of US$3 million at a fixed
         exchange rate of USD $0.75 = AUD$1.00.

At the date of this report the decision to mine has not yet been made by the Company.

There are no other known contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2020.




                                                                                                                                        Remuneration report
9.3.     Auditors remuneration

                                                                                      30 June 2020          30 June 2019
                                                                                                 $                     $
 Audit services
   Ernst & Young
   Audit and review of financial statements                                                   46,100                44,300




9.4.      Related Party disclosures                                                                                                     Financial statements


Non-key management personnel disclosures
The Group has a related party relationship with its controlled entities, refer to note 8.2. The Company and its controlled
entities engage in a variety of related party transactions in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are
conducted on normal terms and conditions.




                                                                                                                                        Other information
Key management personnel disclosures
For all related party transactions with key management personnel, refer to note 7.2, Key management personnel
disclosures.



9.5.     Events after reporting date



                                                                                                                                     Shareholder and ASX
There has not been in the period since 30 June 2020 and up to the date of this report any other item, transaction or event
of a material and unusual nature likely in the opinion of directors, to substantially affect the operations of the Group, the
results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.



                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                        Corporate directory




                                                                                      IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       69

                                                                                                                                69
Directors’   declaration
     Directors’ declaration

            In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of ioneer Ltd, I state that:
            (1)     In the opinion of the Directors:

                    (a)    The financial statements and notes of the Consolidated Entity are in accordance with the Corporations
                           Act 2001, including:
                           (i)     giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity's financial position as at 30 June 2020 and of
                                   its performance for the year ended on that date; and
                           (ii)    complying with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                    (b)    there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Consolidated Entity will be able to pay its debts as and
                           when they become due and payable.


            (2)     This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors in
                    accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ended 30 June 2020.

            On behalf of the Board




            James D Calaway
            Executive Chairman
            Sydney, 17th September 2020




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       70




70   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Independent auditor’s report


                                    Ernst & Young                                 Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                    200 George Street                             Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                    Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                     ey.com/au




                                                                                                                              Directors’ report
                                    GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




       Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ioneer Ltd

       Report on the Audit of the Financial Report



                                                                                                                             Remuneration report
       Opinion

       We have audited the financial report of ioneer Ltd (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
       Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2020, the
       consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
       changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the
       financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors'
       declaration.

       In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations




                                                                                                                             Financial statements
       Act 2001, including:

       a)      giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2020
               and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

       b)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

       Basis for Opinion

       We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
       those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial




                                                                                                                             Other information
       Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
       independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
       Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
       Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
       financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
       the Code.

       We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
       our opinion.




                                                                                                                          Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                             Corporate directory
       A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                     71
Independent auditor’s report continued




                    Key Audit Matters

                    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
                    audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                    audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a
                    separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                    the matter is provided in that context.

                    We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
                    Financial Report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                    included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
                    misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures
                    performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying
                    financial report.


                    Carrying value of capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure

                     Why significant                                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                     At 30 June 2020 the Group recorded capitalised                        Our audit procedures included the following:
                     exploration & evaluation (E&E) assets of $94.8
                                                                                           ►   Considered the Group’s right to explore in the
                     million relating to the Rhyolite Ridge project.
                                                                                               relevant exploration area which included
                     The carrying value of exploration and evaluation                          obtaining and assessing relevant
                     expenditure is assessed for impairment when                               documentation such as license agreements.
                     facts and circumstances indicate the capitalised
                     exploration and evaluation expenditure may                            ►   Considered the Group’s intention to carry out
                     exceed its recoverable amount.                                            significant exploration and evaluation activity
                                                                                               in the relevant exploration area which
                     The determination as to whether there are any
                                                                                               included assessment of the Group’s cash-flow
                     indicators to require the Group’s Rhyolite Ridge
                                                                                               forecast models and discussions with senior
                     project to be assessed for impairment involves
                                                                                               management and Directors as to the
                     judgment, including whether: the Group has
                                                                                               intentions and strategy of the Group.
                     tenure; the Group’s ability and intention to
                     continue to evaluate and develop the Rhyolite                         ►   Assessed the Group’s consideration of the
                     Ridge project; and whether the results of the                             existence of any indicators of impairment at
                     Group’s exploration and evaluation work to date                           30 June 2020.
                     are sufficiently progressed for a decision to be                      ►   Considered the adequacy of disclosures
                     made as to the commercial viability or otherwise                          included within Note 4.5 of the financial
                     of the project.                                                           report.
                     Given the value of the balance and the
                     judgmental nature of impairment indicator
                     assessments associated with exploration and
                     evaluation assets, we consider this a key audit
                     matter.




                    A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




72   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                       Directors’ report

Information Other than the Financial Report and Auditor’s Report Thereon

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Company’s
2020 Annual Report, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.




                                                                                                                      Remuneration report
Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and
our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                      Financial statements
Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                      Other information
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.


                                                                                                                   Shareholder and ASX
As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


                                                                                                                       information
•       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
        fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
        detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
        as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
        override of internal control.




                                                                                                                      Corporate directory
•       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
        procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
        opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.



A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                              73
Independent auditor’s report continued




                    •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                            estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                    •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                            and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                            events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                            concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                            our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                            inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
                            to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
                            cease to continue as a going concern.

                    •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                            disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
                            in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                    •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                            business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                            responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                            responsible for our audit opinion.


                    We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                    the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                    identify during our audit.

                    We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                    regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                    reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                    From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                    significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                    matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                    disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                    should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                    reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


                    Report on the Audit of the Remuneration Report
                    Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                    We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 25 to 40 within the directors' report for
                    the year ended 30 June 2020.

                    In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of ioneer Ltd for the year ended 30 June 2020, complies with
                    section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                    A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




74   ioneer Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                 Directors’ report

Responsibilities

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian




                                                                                                                Remuneration report
Auditing Standards.




Ernst & Young




                                                                                                                Financial statements


Scott Nichols
Partner
Sydney
17 September 2020




                                                                                                                Other information




                                                                                                             Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                Corporate directory
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                        75
            Other information
Other information
            Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves

            Summarised below are the current Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves for the South Basin at ioneer’s 100%-owned
            Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in Nevada, USA.

            Following completion of the DFS program, ioneer released the lithium-boron (searlesite) Mineral Resource & Ore Reserve
            Estimates tabulated below.

              Summary of 2020 Mineral Resource & Ore Reserve Estimates Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project
                                                               Metric              Li              B                                 Equivalent
                                                                                                             Equivalent Grade
                                                               Tonnes            Grade           Grade                            Contained Tonnes
                                                                                                             Li2CO3     H2BO3      Li2CO3    H2BO3
                                                                  (Mt)           (ppm)            (ppm)
                                                                                                                %         %           kt       kt

              Mineral Resource
              Measured Resource                                       39.0           1,700          14,550       0.9        8.3        360       3,240
              Indicated Resource                                      88.0           1,550          14,150       0.8        8.1        730       7,110
              Measured and Indicated Resource                       127.0            1,600          14,270       0.8        8.2      1,090   10,350
              Inferred Resource                                       19.5           1,600          13,800       0.9        7.9        170       1,530
              Total Mineral Resource                                146.5            1,600          14,200       0.9        8.1      1,250   11,890
              Ore Reserve
              Proved Reserve                                          29.0           1,900          16,250       1.0        9.3        290       2,700
              Probable Reserve                                        31.5           1,700          14,650       0.9        8.4        280       2,620
              Total Proved and Probable Ore
              Reserve                                                 60.0           1,800          15,400       1.0        8.8        580       5,310
            Note: Totals may not add due to rounding. Mineral Resources reported on a dry in-situ basis.



            Golder Associates Inc. (‘Golder’) estimated the Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource and provided the mining study for the
            Rhyolite Ridge Definitive Feasibility Study (‘DFS’).

            The 2020 Mineral Resource is similar to the 2019 Mineral Resource and is now estimated to contain:

                  •     146.5mt at 1,600ppm lithium (equivalent to 0.9% lithium carbonate) and 14,200ppm boron (equivalent to 8.1%
                        boric acid)
                  •     1.2mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 11.9mt of equivalent boric acid.

            Lithium grades are highest in the southwest portion of the South Basin, where the planned Stage 1 quarry of the DFS is
            located. The Stage 1 quarry will source ore exclusively from the Proved Ore Reserve detailed below.

            The Ore Reserve is now estimated to contain:

                  •     60.0mt at 1,800ppm lithium (equivalent to 1.0% lithium carbonate) and 15,400ppm boron (equivalent to 8.8% boric
                        acid)
                  •     Containing 0.6mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 5.3mt of equivalent boric acid.

            Approximately half of the Ore Reserve is now classified as Proved, the highest confidence category, with lithium and boron
            grades in the Proved Reserve being higher than those in the Probable Reserve.

            The 60mt Ore Reserve provides the foundation for a very long mine life at the Rhyolite Ridge Project, with clear potential for
            expansion and extension further underpinned by the 146mt Mineral Resource.

            Importantly, the planned Stage 1 quarry is exclusively Proved Reserves with higher than average lithium grades which will
            provide higher cash flow in the early years of the Project.

            The lithium-boron mineralisation remains open, particularly to the south where it continues to shallow and is generally
            higher in grade, and we expect further increases to Resources and Reserves with additional drilling.




                                                                                                                 IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT     76




76   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Glossary and Abbreviations




                                                                                                  Directors’ report
B                    Boron

Carbonate minerals   Calcite and dolomite

DFS                  Definitive Feasibility Study

H2BO3                Boric acid

GSC                  Global Geoscience Limited




                                                                                                 Remuneration report
INR                  ioneer Ltd

K-feldspar           Potassium feldspar

km                   Kilometre

kt                   Kilotonne

K2SO4                Potassium sulphate

Li                   Lithium




                                                                                                 Financial statements
Li2CO3               Lithium carbonate

LCE                  Lithium carbonate equivalent

mt                   Million tonnes

Mt                   Metric tonnes

PFS                  Pre-Feasibility Study

ppm                  Parts per million




                                                                                                 Other information
Searlesite           Sodium borosilicate mineral

Sepiolite            Magnesium silicate




                                                                                              Shareholder and ASX



                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                 Corporate directory




                                                    IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT   77
                                                                                         77
Other information continued
            Schedule of tenements
            As at 30 June 2020


                                                                                                    Area    Interest at 30
              Project              Country              Tenement ID   Tenement Name
                                                                                                   (km2)      June 2020

              Rhyolite Ridge       USA                  NMC1118666    NLB claims (160)                 13       100%
              Rhyolite Ridge       USA                  NMC1117360    SLB claims (199)               16.5       100%
              Rhyolite Ridge       USA                  NMC1171536    SLM claims (122)                9.7       100%
              Rhyolite Ridge       USA                  NMC1179516    RR claims (65)                  5.4       100%
              Rhyolite Ridge (1)   USA                  NMC 1129523   BH claims (81)                    7        0%
              SM                   USA                  NMC1166813    SM claims (96)                  7.7       100%
              GD                   USA                  NMC1166909    GD claims (13)                  1.1       100%
              CLD                  USA                  NMC1167799    CLD claims (65)                 5.2       100%
              New Morenci          USA                  AMC393550     MP claims (2)                  0.12       100%
              Tokop                USA                  NMC883619     TK claims (73)                 4.82       100%
              Tokop (1)            USA                  NMC285234     Path Patents (11)              0.74        0%
              Tokop (1)            USA                  NMC814692     Path Unpatented (5)             0.4        0%

            (1)   There is an option to purchase 100%




                                                                                            IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT    78
78   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Shareholder    and ASX information
     Shareholder & ASX information
     Information relating to shareholders at 14 September 2020 (per ASX Listing Rule 4.10)



     Issued capital
     The Company has 1,681,913,032 fully paid shares on issue.



     Options on issue including holders of more than 20%                                                                                 Directors’ report
     The Company has on issue 43,738,028 options and 7,875,490 Performance rights.

     There are no listed options or performance rights.




                                                                                                                                        Remuneration report
     ASX listing
     Listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
     19 December 2007
     ASX Code: INR (previously GSC)
     ABN: 76 098 564 606



     Voting rights
     There are no restrictions on voting rights. On a show of hands every member present or by proxy shall have one vote




                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
     and upon a poll each share shall have one vote. Where a member holds shares, which are not fully paid, the number of
     votes to which that member is entitled on a poll in respect of those part paid shares shall be that fraction of one vote
     which the amount paid up bears to the total issued price thereof. Option holders have no voting rights until the options
     are exercised.



     Top 20 shareholders as at 14 September 2020
      Name                                                                                              Shares            %

      HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited - GSCO ECA                                          160,744,666      9.557%




                                                                                                                                        Other information
      Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                 136,309,325      8.104%

      HSBC Custody Nomiees (Australia) Limited                                                      108,347,723      6.442%

      JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                       79,642,671      4.735%

      Holdrey Pty Ltd <Don Mathieson Family a/c>                                                     66,800,000      3.972%

      Mopti Pty Limited <The Rowe Family a/c>                                                        55,591,402      3.305%

      Ransdale Investments Pty Ltd <The vikings s/f a/c>                                             43,500,000      2.586%

      Vista Grove Investments Pty Ltd                                                                37,011,705      2.201%

      Lithium Investors Americas LLC                                                                 31,600,000      1.879%



                                                                                                                                     Shareholder and ASX
      UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                           22,492,970      1.337%

      Kolley Pty Ltd <Lucas Family a/c>                                                              21,717,000      1.291%




                                                                                                                                         information
      FNL Investments Pty Ltd <Superannuation Plan a/c>                                              20,000,000      1.189%

      Mr Darien Charles Jagger <The balcony investment a/c>                                          20,000,000      1.189%

      Investment Holdings Pty Ltd <Investment holdings unit a/c>                                     20,000,000      1.189%

      White Swan Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                    19,964,713      1.187%

      BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IB AU Noms retailclient DRP>                                     19,360,122      1.151%

      Deck Chair Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                    18,500,000      1.100%




                                                                                                                                        Corporate directory
      Mahsor Holdings Pty Ltd <Rosham Family s/f No2 a/c>                                            18,179,943      1.081%

      Quality Life Pty Ltd <The viking fund a/c>                                                     16,624,590      0.988%

      Kembla No 20 Pty Ltd <CAA a/c>                                                                 15,900,000      0.945%

      Total Securities of Top 20 holdings                                                           932,286,830     55.430%




                                                                                       IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT       79



                                                                                                                                79
Shareholder and ASX information continued
            Shareholder & ASX information
            Distribution of shareholders
                                                                                                                  Holders      Total Units

              1 - 1000                                                                                                 98          12,521

              1,001 - 5,000                                                                                           531       1,718,303

              5,001 - 10,000                                                                                          524       4,300,539

              10,000 - 100,000                                                                                       1,872     79,090,939

              100,001 - over                                                                                          928    1,596,790,730

                                                                                                                     3,953   1,681,913,032




            Unmarketable parcels
                                                                                                       Minimum parcel size        Holders
              Minimum $500 parcel at $0.10 per unit                                                                 5,000             542




            Substantial shareholders
            The following are substantial shareholders registered as at 14 September 2020.

              Name                                                                                                 Shares              %

              Centaurus Capital LP                                                                             154,558,476        9.189%




            On-market buy-back
            There is no current on-market buy-back.



            Competent Persons Statement
            In respect of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves referred to in this presentation and previously reported by the
            Company in accordance with JORC Code 2012, the Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or
            data that materially affects the information included in the public report titled “Rhyolite Ridge Ore Reserve Increased
            280% to 60 million tonnes” dated 30 April 2020 and released on ASX. Further information regarding the Mineral
            Resource estimate can be found in that report. All material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the
            estimates in the report continue to apply and have not materially changed.

            In respect of production targets referred to in this presentation, the Company confirms that it is not aware of any new
            information or data that materially affects the information included in the public report titled “ioneer Delivers Definitive
            Feasibility that Confirms Rhyolite Ridge as a World-Class Lithium and Boron Project” dated 30 April 2020. Further
            information regarding the production estimates can be found in that report. All material assumptions and technical
            parameters underpinning the estimates in the report continue to apply and have not materially changed.




                                                                                                  IONEER LTD 2020 ANNUAL REPORT          80


80   ioneer Annual Report 2020
Corporate directory
Directors
James D. Calaway		
Executive Chairman
Bernard Rowe		




                                            Directors’ report
Managing Director
Julian Babarczy		
Non-Executive Director
Alan Davies		
Non-Executive Director
Patrick Elliott		
Non-Executive Director




                                           Remuneration report
John Hofmeister		
Non-Executive Director

Company Secretary
Ian Bucknell

Auditor
Ernst & Young
200 George Street




                                           Financial statements
Sydney NSW 2000

Offices
Sydney (Registered Office)
Suite 503
140 Arthur Street
North Sydney NSW 2060
Australia
Telephone:     +61 (2) 9922-5800



                                           Other information
Website:       www.ioneer.com
e-mail:        info@ioneer.com

Reno
9460 Double R. Blvd,
Reno Nevada 89521
United States of America

Share Registrar

                                        Shareholder and ASX
Boardroom Pty Limited
Grosvenor Place


                                            information
Level 12, 225 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Telephone:     1300 737 760




                                           Corporate directory




                                   81
