                        ABN 76 098 564 606
                        Annual Report - For the Six Months Ended 31 December 2025




For personal use only
            ioneer Limited
            Contents
            31 December 2025

            Executive Chair's Letter                                         2
            Six Months in Review                                             3
            Directors' report                                                5
            Auditor's independence declaration                              16
            Remuneration report                                             17
            Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income      48
            Statement of financial position                                 49
            Statement of changes in equity                                  50
            Statement of cash flows                                         51
            Notes to the financial statements                               52
            Consolidated entity disclosure statement                        77
            Directors' declaration                                          78
            Independent auditor's report to the members of ioneer Limited   79
            Mineral resource and ore reserves                               84
            Glossary and abbreviations                                      87
            Schedule of tenements                                           88
            Shareholder information                                         89




For personal use only
            Corporate directory                                             91




                                                                        1
            ioneer Limited
            Executive Chair's Letter
            31 December 2025

            Dear shareholders,

            On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to provide this report on Ioneer’s accomplishments in the six-month period
            from July 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the transition period resulting from our decision to change our financial year-end to
            a calendar year-end.

            Our achievements during this reporting period demonstrate Ioneer’s continued focus on advancing the strategic partnering
            process and progressing Rhyolite Ridge towards making a Final Investment Decision (FID).

            The strategic partnering process to identify a strong equity partner(s) for Rhyolite Ridge is advancing. We are in active
            discussions with numerous parties. We currently anticipate concluding the strategic partnering process in the first half of 2026.

            Our work has benefited from two significant announcements by the U.S. government in late 2025. The U.S. Department of
            Interior added boron to the updated Final 2025 List of Critical Minerals and the U.S. Military announced plans to develop
            domestic small-scale refineries to produce critical minerals using boron. In addition, President Trump issued a proclamation
            in January 2026 detailing the importance of processed critical minerals and their derivative products to national security,
            national defense and critical domestic infrastructure.




For personal use only
            We are encouraged by the trends we see in government support for critical minerals and believe that as the only permitted,
            shovel ready lithium-boron project in the U.S., Rhyolite Ridge is uniquely positioned to contribute to onshoring U.S. critical
            mineral production and create U.S. jobs.

            We continue to advance project-related work following the closing of a $996 million loan from the U.S. Department of Energy’s
            Office of Energy Dominance Financing in January 2025.

            Our technical resources remained focused on increasing lithium yield and optimizing reagent efficiency to drive improvements
            to the project economics. After concluding test work to support reducing the total leach duration from 3 days to 2 days earlier
            in the year, in October 2025, we announced that further test work supported a reduction to 1.5 days, all while consuming the
            same quantity of acid.

            The test work resulted in a material increase in net lithium and boron chemical production due to additional ore being
            processed. The impact on project economics is substantial. When comparing the 3-day to the 1.5-day leach duration, there is
            a 64% increase in unlevered NPV to $2.23 billion, and a 350 basis point increase in unlevered IRR to 18.0%, with a modest
            $15 million increase in initial capital costs. We will be issuing an updated SEC S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary that
            incorporates the impact of the 1.5-day leach residence improvements in the first half of 2026.

            In February 2026, we completed a successful equity placement for gross proceeds of A$72 million (approximately US$50.4
            million). Ioneer issued 400 million ordinary shares at an issue price of A$0.18 (~US$0.13) per share. High calibre new and
            existing shareholders supported the placement, reflecting the world class nature of Rhyolite Ridge.

            Thank you for your continued support in our work. It is an honour to work alongside Bernard Rowe and his team. Ioneer is
            poised to take a transformational step in 2026 to realize the full economic potential of Rhyolite Ridge and we look forward to
            sharing our continued progress.




            James D. Calaway

            Executive Chair




                                                                            2
            ioneer Limited
            Six Months in Review
            31 December 2025

            Robust Project Economics
            In September 2025, Ioneer announced a material improvement to project economics resulting from reducing vat leach
            retention time from three (3) days to two (2) days, enabling a reduction in acid consumption per tonne of ore processed and
            a subsequent increase in ore processed.

            In October 2025, we further reduced vat leach retention time to one and a half (1.5) days provided for further reduction in acid
            consumption and an additional increase in the amount of ore processed. These improvements were achieved with minimal
            increase in initial capital costs and no change to plant design.

            The updated findings further solidify Rhyolite Ridge, on a lithium carbonate equivalent basis, in the lowest cost quartile for
            lithium production globally, with an estimated all-in sustaining cash cost to produce battery grade lithium hydroxide of
            US$4,628 per tonne net of expected boric acid revenue in the first 25 years of mine life. The improvements also had a
            significant positive impact on the Project’s unlevered Net Present Value and Internal Rate of Return.

            Ioneer engaged the independent services of Independent Mining Consultants, Inc., to compile and complete the updated
            “South Basin Mineral Resource Estimate” incorporating the reduced retention time in the vat leach from three days to two




For personal use only
            days to one and a half days. The impact to the Mineral Resources is a 1.7% increase in tonnage above cutoff (due to lower
            processing cost) with a 3.2% reduction in recovered boric acid and a 1.7% reduction in recovered lithium carbonate (lower
            recoveries due to shorter leach time).

            The current 77-year mine plan is made up entirely of Reserve material (100%), and of that, approximately 35% is Proved Ore
            Reserve. The resource flexibility allows for a potential extension to the life of the mine or expansion opportunities. Ioneer is
            in the process of developing our updated technical report as required under Subpart 1300 of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
            Regulation S-K to incorporate the reduced leach duration to one and a half days. We expect the report expected to be filed in
            the first half of 2026.

            Strategic Partnering Process
            The strategic partnering process that Ioneer launched in 2025 to identify a strong equity partner is ongoing and the Company
            is in active discussions with a number of parties. This process benefitted from recent policy developments and government
            actions supporting domestic critical minerals production.

            In November 2025, the U.S. Department of Interior added boron to its Final 2025 List of Critical Minerals. There were also
            announcements by the U.S. government and President Trump affirming plans to secure domestic production of critical
            minerals vital to national security and infrastructure. Rhyolite Ridge’s status as the only permitted, shovel-ready lithium-boron
            project in the U.S. positions us well moving forward. Ioneer will continue to explore the impact of these developments as part
            of the strategic partnering process.

            Funding
            In January 2026, Ioneer announced an institutional placement for gross proceeds of approximately US$50 million (A$72
            million) at approximately US$0.13 (A$0.18 per share). This funding supplements the US$996 million loan from the U.S.
            Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Dominance Financing (“DOE Loan”) to fund the development of a processing facility
            at the Project. The placement demonstrated clear market confidence in Ioneer and provided strategic funding to continue to
            advance Rhyolite Ridge towards a positive Final Investment Decision (“FID”).

            Conditions precedent to first advance of funds under the DOE Loan includes, among other requirements, closing a strategic
            partnering agreement for the equity component of the cost of construction, securing additional required funding, and updating
            the project finance model. We look forward to sharing progress in 2026.

            EcoPro Lithium Clay Project
            In 2023, Ioneer and EcoPro Innovation, a global leader in battery grade high purity lithium hydroxide conversion, signed a
            Research and Development (“R&D”) Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) to fund and build a commercial-scale refining
            plant to develop lithium clay.

            As of early 2026, the EcoPro Lithium Clay Research & Development project team completed development of the commercially
            feasible process flow sheet, an important milestone in completion of the MOU. EcoPro Innovation and Ioneer will evaluate the
            business feasibility and determine the timing for advancing to the next steps in the next six months.



                                                                            3
            ioneer Limited
            Six Months in Review
            31 December 2025

            Engineering
            Ioneer has advanced the Lithium Hydroxide Plant to facilitate earlier conversion of the battery grade lithium carbonate into
            battery grade lithium hydroxide monohydrate, from a planned start in year 4 of operations to year 3. An update of the 2021
            scoping study Class IV estimate was completed by Atkins Realis to improve estimation accuracy, including project sustaining
            capital cost. The production advantages of an onsite lithium hydroxide circuit will result in lower capital cost per tonne of lithium
            and a substantially lower net operating cost to convert lithium carbonate to lithium hydroxide relative to industry averages.

            Also, during the period, Turner and Townsend performed an independent evaluation of the Rhyolite Ridge cost estimate,
            schedule and risk profile. The independent review team, composed of professionals with specialized expertise in capital cost
            estimating, project scheduling and risk management, confirmed the quality of the cost estimate and project schedule and risk
            management framework. It provided an objective view of the Project and the findings further enhanced confidence in Ioneer’s
            planning and execution strategy.

            Permitting
            Ioneer holds all significant Federal and State authorizations required for construction of Rhyolite Ridge. In October 2024, the




For personal use only
            Center for Biological Diversity filed a federal lawsuit against the U.S. Bureau of Land Management’s 24 October 2024 decision
            to issue a favourable Record of Decision to Ioneer, authorizing the Plan of Operations and completing the National
            Environmental Policy process.

            In November 2024, Ioneer filed a motion to intervene and join the federal government in its defence, which the court allowed
            in January 2025. Briefing on the merits of the case was completed in December 2025.

            The parties have filed the last of their merits briefing and the case is ready for review by the court. The court may choose to
            hear oral arguments before issuing a decision on the case.

            Environmental, Health, Safety & Sustainability

            Ioneer is committed to sustainability principles and as we grow, seeking to imbed them as fundamental elements in our
            organisational DNA.

            We completed significant enhancements at our greenhouse dedicated to Tiehm’s buckwheat to maximize available space for
            plant growth and seed production as well as improve workflow. These upgrades included construction of a dedicated office
            and a specialized seed germination area. The Company continues to demonstrate the ability to grow and reproduce Tiehm’s
            buckwheat from seed in a variety of soil types including soils that are low in both lithium and boron.

            We look forward to sharing future updates on our new reporting cycle.




            Bernard Rowe
            CEO and Managing Director




                                                                              4
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            The directors present their report, together with the consolidated financial statements of Ioneer Ltd ('Ioneer' or the 'Company'
            and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group') for the six months ended 31 December 2025 and the Auditor's report thereon.

            Effective from 1 July 2025, the financial year-end date changed to 31 December 2025 to align the accounting period balance
            dates of all subsidiaries. The financial report is presented for the 6 months period from 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025 with
            the comparative reporting for the year ended 30 June 2025. Hence, the amounts presented in the financial statements are not
            entirely comparable.

            Principal activities
            The principal activity of the Group continues to be the development of the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project (Project) in
            Nevada, United States of America.

            Operating and financial review
            The loss for the Group after providing for income tax for the six month period ended 31 December 2025 amounted to
            $4,070,000 (year ended 30 June 2025: $9,554,000).

            The operating and financial review forms part of the Directors' Report and has been prepared in accordance with section 299A




For personal use only
            of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The information provided aims to assist users to better understand the operations and
            financial position of the Group. To assist users, financial information included in this review contains non-IFRS financial
            information.

            Summary of financial performance and position
                                                                                                    6 months      12 months
                                                                                                      ended         ended
                                                                                                    31 Dec 25     30 Jun 25      Change       Change
                                                                                                      $'000          $'000        $'000         %

            Operating cash flows                                                                        (3,069)        (6,805)       3,736       (55%)
            Investing cash flows                                                                        (6,329)       (13,830)       7,501       (54%)
            Financing cash flows                                                                         1,982         10,202       (8,220)      (81%)

            Total change in cash used in the financial period                                           (7,416)       (10,433)      3,017

                                                                                                    6 months      12 months
                                                                                                      ended         ended
                                                                                                    31 Dec 25     30 Jun 25      Change       Change
                                                                                                      $'000          $'000        $'000         %

            Net cash                                                                                    17,863        25,059        (7,196)      (29%)
            Capitalised exploration                                                                      5,850        15,300        (9,450)      (62%)
            Net assets                                                                                 230,219       230,298           (79)        -
            Net loss after tax                                                                          (4,070)       (9,554)        5,484       (57%)

                                                                                                    31 Dec 25     30 June 25     Change       Change
            Summary of mineral resources and ore reserves                                              mt             mt           mt           %

            Mineral Resource:
             Measured                                                                                     158            152            6          4%
             Indicated                                                                                    282            261           21          8%
             Inferred                                                                                     108             97           11         11%

            Total Mineral Resource                                                                        548            510           38

                  Proved                                                                                   92             86            6          7%
                  Probable                                                                                174            161           13          8%

            Total Ore Reserve                                                                             266            247           19

            (1)         For further detail on Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve, refer to page 84.




                                                                                             5
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Highlights for the six months ended 31 December 2025

            Project Economics

            Completed studies to reduce total leach duration from 3 days (DFS) to 2 days (in September 2025) and 1.5 days (in October
            2025), respectively. The impact on project economics of transitioning from the 3 days to 1.5 days leach during is a 64%
            increase in unlevered NPV to $2.23 billion and a 350 basis point increase in unlevered IRR to 18%.

            Strategic Partnering

            We continued to advance the Strategic Partnering process that we currently anticipate concluding in the first half of 2026. U.S.
            government announcements indicating support for domestic critical minerals supply and processing, including the addition of
            boron by the U.S. Department of Interior to the updated the Final 2025 List of Critical Minerals demonstrate trends that are
            positive for Rhyolite Ridge as the only permitted, shovel-ready lithium-boron project in the U.S.

            Engineering




For personal use only
            70% detailed engineering design complete - on target to be construction ready at FID.

            Sustainability

            We upgraded our dedicated greenhouse focused on the germination and propagation of new Tiehm’s buckwheat seedlings,
            continuing to demonstrate the ability to grow and reproduce Tiehm’s buckwheat from seed in a variety of soil types including
            soils that are low in both lithium and boron content.

            Business strategy

            Our Purpose - we exist to enable a sustainable world for all.

            Our Mission - responsibly and profitably provide the materials necessary for realising a sustainable planet.

            Our Vision - we see a world in which our global population, our environment and all future generations are thriving.

            Our Values - we are imaginative, caring, committed and responsible.

            Ioneer's business strategy is focused on developing the 100%-owned Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in Nevada, USA.
            We believe in an electrified future and the strategic imperative for the USA to develop a domestic battery materials supply
            chain. We actively promote the development of this battery materials supply chain and look to be a leader in this space.

            Opportunities
            The focus of the Company is developing Rhyolite Ridge. After successfully delivering this Project, Ioneer will pursue other
            growth initiatives from its existing portfolio (the current estimated resource is open to the north, south and east and does not
            include the north basin tenements) as well as new opportunities which are value accretive and where balance sheet capacity
            exists to support future development.




                                                                            6
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Material business risks
            The following material business risks have been identified as key issues that have the potential to impact the Company's
            performance:

            ●           Health, safety and environmental risks are of critical importance in ensuring we safely and responsibly build and
                        operate a sustainable business.
            ●           Global economic conditions - Economic conditions, both domestic and global, may affect the performance of the
                        Company and the Project. Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, including global and country‐specific growth
                        rates, the cost and availability of credit, the rate of inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, government policy and
                        regulations, general consumption and consumer spending, input costs, employment rates and industrial disruptions,
                        among others, are variables which while generally outside the control of the Company and its Directors, may result in
                        material adverse impacts on the Company’s businesses and its operational and financial performance.
            ●           Execution of the Project - As the Company progresses the development of its Rhyolite Ridge Project, there are risks
                        and uncertainties involved which could result in the Company not delivering on its anticipated timing for future milestones,
                        including those for permitting, taking a Final Investment Decision and for construction. Upon construction commencing,
                        the Company and the Project will be subject to risks associated with construction of Stage 1 of the Project until such time
                        as practical completion of construction and first production is achieved.




For personal use only
            ●           Funding risk - The Company's continued ability to operate the Project and effectively implement its business plan over
                        time will depend in part on its ability to raise funds for operations and growth activities. As announced on 20 January
                        2025, the Company has closed a US$996 million loan from the U.S. Department of Energy Loan Programs Office ("DOE
                        LPO") via the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing program to support the development of an on-site
                        processing facility at the Project. To the extent that the conditions precedent under the DOE LPO Loan are unable to be
                        satisfied or waived, such funding will become unavailable to the Company and would require the Company to find
                        alternative funding sources. There can be no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise sufficient funding on
                        acceptable terms, or at all, to fund the Project. Funding terms may also place restrictions on the manner in which the
                        Company conducts its business and impose limitations on the Company’s ability to execute on its business plan and
                        growth strategies. An inability to obtain finance on acceptable terms, or at all, may cause, among other things, substantial
                        delays in, or prevent, the funding of the Project to Final Investment Decision, and in turn the development or operation
                        of the Project.
            ●           Partner risk - Construction at the Project will begin following a successful Final Investment Decision ("FID"), which is
                        subject to the Company's ability to secure an equity partner to help see the Project into production via the strategic
                        partnership process recommenced in Q2 of 2025 ("Strategic Partnership Process"). There can be no assurance that the
                        Strategic Partnering Process will be successful, nor any certainty that the Company will make the FID to commence
                        construction.
            ●           Offtake risk, including volume and price risks associated with the sale of technical grade lithium carbonate and boric
                        acid, counterparty risk and contract terms. Pricing of lithium is likely to be largely subject to the rate of uptake in electric
                        vehicles. The Company has entered into binding offtake agreements and distribution and sales agreements for the supply
                        of boric acid from the Project. There is a risk that the parties to the agreements may not perform their respective
                        obligations or may breach the agreements. The offtake agreements include conditions precedent that include the timing
                        of the Final Investment Decision and first production. There can be no guarantee that the Company will be able to
                        renegotiate these conditions precedent on acceptable terms should there be delays in the Project.
            ●           Litigation risk - The Company and the Project may be involved in litigation and disputes from time to time with its
                        contractors, sub-contractors, contractual counterparties and other parties. Litigation and disputes can be costly, including
                        amounts payable in respect of judgments and settlements made against, or agreed to by, the Company or Project entities.
                        They can also take up significant time and attention from management and the Board and have an impact on the
                        Company's activities. Accordingly, the Company’s involvement in litigation and disputes could have an adverse impact
                        on its financial position and performance.
            ●           Reserves and Resources risk - No assurance can be given that the estimated Ore Reserve and Mineral Resources
                        are accurate or that the indicated level of lithium refined materials, carbonate, boric acid or any other mineral products
                        will be achieved. Such estimates are largely based on interpretations of geological data obtained from drill holes and
                        other sampling techniques. Actual mineralisation or geological conditions may be different from those predicted. No
                        assurance can be given that any or all of the Company’s Mineral Resources constitute or will be converted into Ore
                        Reserve. Actual Ore Reserve and Mineral Resources may differ from those estimated, which could have a positive or
                        negative effect on the Company's financial performance.




                                                                                    7
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            ●           Sovereign risk - relating to the fiscal, tax and regulatory environment in jurisdictions that Ioneer does business. The
                        Company’s and the Project's operations could be adversely affected by government actions in the U.S. or other countries
                        or jurisdictions in which it has operational exposures or investment or exploration interests. This includes increasing
                        regulations and costs associated with climate change and management of carbon emissions, and potential delays as a
                        result of any change in federal administration in the coming U.S. federal elections.
            ●           Social licence to operate - Maintaining the Company's social licence to operate by proactively engaging with
                        communities, regulators and other key stakeholders.
            ●           Cyber security - Ensuring our cyber security through the integrity, availability and confidentiality of data within our
                        information and technology systems from either intentional or unintentional disruption ('cyber attack').
            ●           Climate change - Managing exposures of physical climate change such as increased frequency of extreme weather
                        events including severe weather storms, floods, drought and wildfires which could damage Ioneer's future production
                        infrastructure and operations.

            Directors' qualifications and experience
            The following persons were directors of Ioneer Ltd during the whole of the financial period and up to the date of this report.
            Their qualifications and experience are:




For personal use only
            Name:                                       James D Calaway
            Title:                                      Executive Chair
            Qualifications:                             BA (Econ), MA (PP&E)
            Experience and expertise:                   James has considerable experience and success in building young companies into
                                                        successful commercial enterprises. He was the non-executive chairman Orocobre Ltd
                                                        for 8 years until his retirement in July 2016, helping lead the company from its earliest
                                                        development to becoming a significant producer of lithium carbonate and a member of
                                                        the ASX 300.

                                                        James was appointed a director in April 2017 and has served as Chair since 2017. He
                                                        was appointed executive chair in July 2020.
            Other current directorships:                James is currently chairman of Distributed Power Partners (appointed 2014), a US
                                                        international distributed power development company which is a leader of clustered
                                                        distributed solar power development.
            Former directorships (last 3 years):        He has also been a chair of several other U.S. corporate boards including the Centre
                                                        for Houston's Future, and the Houston Independent School District Foundation.
            Special responsibilities:                   Member of the EHSS Committee

            Name:                                       Bernard Rowe
            Title:                                      Managing Director & CEO
            Qualifications:                             BAppSc (Geology) (Hons)
            Experience and expertise:                   Bernard is a geologist, manager and company director with more than 30 years’
                                                        international experience in mineral exploration and mine development. His diverse
                                                        industry experience includes gold, copper, zinc, diamond, lithium and boron exploration
                                                        in Australia, Europe, Africa, North America and South America.

                                                        Bernard was appointed managing director in August 2007. He led the Company's listing
                                                        on the ASX in 2007 with a focus on gold and copper exploration in Nevada and Peru.

                                                        In early 2016, Bernard visited a little-known lithium-boron deposit in southern Nevada -
                                                        later to be renamed Rhyolite Ridge. He realised the potential opportunity and quickly
                                                        secured the Project.

                                                        Bernard is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists, the Society of Economic
                                                        Geologist and the Geological Society of Nevada.
            Other current directorships:                G50 Corporation (ASX: G50) (2021 - current)
            Special responsibilities:                   Member of the Project Execution Committee




                                                                                8
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Name:                          Alan Davies
            Title:                         Independent Non-executive Director
            Qualifications:                B.Bus (Accounting), LLB, LLM
            Experience and expertise:      Alan has 20 years of experience in running and leading mining businesses, most
                                           recently as chief executive, Energy & Minerals with Rio Tinto. Former roles include chief
                                           executive, Diamonds & Minerals and chief financial officer of Rio Tinto Iron Ore. Alan
                                           has held management positions in Australia, London and the US, and has run and
                                           managed operations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe and North and South America.
                                           He is also a former director of Rolls Royce Holdings plc. This experience includes
                                           industrial minerals and more specifically borates, where he led the Rio Tinto Borax
                                           business and the Jadar lithium-boron deposit in Serbia.

                                           Alan joined the board as a non-executive director in May 2017.
            Other current directorships:   He is currently the chief executive officer of Moxico Resources plc, a Zambian copper
                                           and zinc explorer and developer (appointed March 2017). He is also Chairman of Trigem
                                           DMCC, a vertically integrated diamond and colour stone service provider (appointed
                                           March 2018).




For personal use only
            Special responsibilities:      Chair of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee
                                           Member of the Audit & Risk Committee (resigned 25 February 2026)
                                           Member of the Project Execution Committee

            Name:                          Rose McKinney-James
            Title:                         Independent Non-executive Director
            Qualifications:                Juris Doctorate Law, BA Liberal Arts, NACD Fellow, NACD Director 100
            Experience and expertise:      Rose is an experienced public company director, clean energy advocate, and small
                                           business leader with a broad history in public service, private sector corporate
                                           sustainability, social impact, and non-profit volunteerism. She also served as Nevada’s
                                           first Director of the Department of Business and Industry.

                                           Rose joined the board as a non-executive director in February 2021.

                                           Rose is a Nevada-based expert in environmental business and technology policy,
                                           renewable and clean energy advocacy, and sustainable development. She directed the
                                           Department of Business and Industry, Nevada's largest state agency and was
                                           recognised for services to the Nevada business community. As the former CEO of
                                           CSTRR, solar and renewable energy company, she is credited with authoring the
                                           strategy to fast track the integration of renewable resource into utility energy portfolios.
                                           Rose is also the former Commissioner, Nevada Public Service Commission.
            Other current directorships:   Rose currently serves as a non-executive director of MGM Resorts International (NYSE:
                                           MGM) (appointed 2005), Toyota Financial Savings Bank (appointed 2006), Pacific
                                           Premier Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ: PPBI) (appointed March 2022), Clean Energy for
                                           America (appointed 2021), and the Las Vegas Stadium Authority (appointed 2024).
            Special responsibilities:      Chair of the EHSS Committee
                                           Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee




                                                                    9
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Name:                                  Margaret R Walker
            Title:                                 Independent Non-executive Director
            Qualifications:                        B.S. Chem Engineering, NACD Certified Director/Fellow
            Experience and expertise:              Margaret is a chemical engineer with significant experience working across the
                                                   chemical, engineering and construction sectors. She brings over 40 years’ experience
                                                   and leadership in large-scale chemical engineering, project management and
                                                   organisational development gained through a career as a chemical engineer with The
                                                   Dow Chemical Company. She has deep experience in constructing and successfully
                                                   bringing into production complex projects.

                                                   Margaret joined the board as a non-executive director in February 2021.

                                                   Margaret holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Texas Tech
                                                   University, and in 2018 became a National Association of Corporate Directors Board
                                                   Leadership Fellow.
            Other current directorships:           Margaret currently serves as a non-executive director of Independent Project Analysis
                                                   Inc., a privately held firm that drives improvement in capital performance (appointed




For personal use only
                                                   January 2011).

                                                   Methanex (TSX:MX, NASDAQ: MEOH) (2015 – 2025).
            Special responsibilities:              Chair of the Project Execution Committee
                                                   Member of the Audit & Risk Committee
                                                   Member of the EHSS Committee

            Name:                                  Timothy Woodall
            Title:                                 Independent Non-executive Director
            Age:                                   Tim previously served as a non-executive director (and executive director) of FAR
                                                   Limited (August 2017 to June 2021) and Central Petroleum.
            Qualifications:                        BEc, FCPA, FAICD
            Experience and expertise:              Tim has over 30 years’ experience in international M&A and finance, specialising in the
                                                   energy sector. His expertise includes being the founder and Managing Director of a
                                                   boutique advisory firm, the CEO of a technical consulting firm and senior roles in New
                                                   York and London with global investment banks. Additionally, he has held senior
                                                   executive positions with energy companies in Australia and the USA.

                                                   Tim joined the board as a non-executive director in May 2025.

                                                   Tim holds a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Adelaide, is a Fellow of the
                                                   Australian Society of CPAs, and a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
                                                   Directors.
            Other current directorships:           None.
            Former directorships (last 3 years):   Tim previously served as a non-executive director (and executive director) of FAR
                                                   Limited (August 2017 to June 2021) and Central Petroleum.
            Special responsibilities:              Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee
                                                   Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

            'Other current directorships' quoted above are current directorships for listed entities only and excludes directorships of all
            other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.

            'Former directorships (last 3 years)' quoted above are directorships held in the last 3 years for listed entities only and excludes
            directorships of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.




                                                                            10
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Executives' qualifications and experience
            James Calaway                                    James’ biography is shown in the Director’s qualifications and experience
            Executive Chair                                  section of the report.

            Ian Bucknell                                Ian joined Ioneer in November 2018 as Chief Financial Officer and
            Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary became Company Secretary in April 2019.
            B. Bus (Accounting), FCPA, GAICD            Ian was responsible for the finance, investor relations, IT and company
                                                        secretarial functions of the Company. He has more than 25 years of
                                                        international resource sector experience, most recently as Chief Financial
                                                        Officer of AWE Limited and prior to that held the position as Chief
                                                        Financial Officer, and at times Company Secretary of Drillsearch Energy
                                                        Limited.
                                                        Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary
                                                        effective 4 December 2025.

            Bernard Rowe                                     Bernard’s biography is shown in the Director’s qualifications and
            Managing Director                                experience section of the report.




For personal use only
            April Hashimoto                                  April joined Ioneer as Interim CFO on 6 November 2025. Ian Bucknell
            Chief Financial Officer (effective 4 Dec 2025)   resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary effective 4
            B.A (Economics), MBA, CPA (Canada)               December 2025.
                                                             April is responsible for the finance and IT functions of the Company. She
                                                             has more than 30 years of international resource sector experience, most
                                                             recently as Senior Vice-President, Finance and Administration at Lithium
                                                             Americas Corp. Previously she was CFO at several junior mining
                                                             companies and the exploration and construction division of Placer Dome
                                                             Inc.

            Ken Coon                                         Ken is responsible for the human resource function of the company. He
            Vice President Human Resources                   has more than 30 years of human resources experience holding
            BS Bus. Administration (Human Resources)         international and regional leadership roles with Royal Dutch Shell’s
                                                             downstream and refining and chemicals organization and Entergy, a large
                                                             US Gulf Coast utility company.

            Yoshio Nagai                                Yoshio is responsible for the sales and marketing function of the
            Vice President Commercial Sales & Marketing company. He has more than 20 years chemical and mining industry sales
                                                        and marketing experience, most recently as Sales Vice President at the
                                                        Rio Tinto Group Company accountable for borates, salt and talc products,
                                                        in Asia and the USA.

            Matt Weaver                                      Matt is responsible for all engineering and operational aspects of the
            Senior Vice President Engineering &              Rhyolite Ridge lithium-boron Project in Nevada and for delivering the
            Operations                                       project through the Definitive Feasibility Study and project execution and
                                                             into full commercial production. He has 30 years international mining
                                                             experience, having worked with BHP, Rio Tinto and Newmont, and
                                                             several junior mining companies.

            Chad Yeftich                                     Chad is responsible for the Government and community relations, and
            Vice President Corporate Development &           U.S. Investor Relations and financing functions of the Company. He has
            External Affairs                                 over 20 years finance and investment industry experience. Chad has held
                                                             several analyst and portfolio management roles over that time at firms
                                                             such as Maverick Capital, H.I.G. Capital, Trafelet Brokaw & Company,
                                                             and PwC. For the last ten years, he has focused on investing in and
                                                             helping develop projects around the world that support the electrification
                                                             of transportation.

            Olga Smejkalova (effective 4 December 2025) Olga was appointed Company Secretary on 1 December 2025 pursuant to
                                                        a services agreement with Acclime Corporate Services Australia Pty Ltd.
                                                        Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
                                                        effective 4 December 2025.


                                                                        11
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025


            Directors' interests in shares, options and performance rights
            .
                                              Shares held Options held     PRs held  Shares held Options held        PRs held
                                             at 31-Dec-25 at 31-Dec-25 at 31-Dec-25 at report date at report date at report date

            James D Calaway                    63,595,869                -     7,206,821      63,595,869             -      7,206,821
            Bernard Rowe                       78,806,195                -    16,198,505      78,806,195             -     16,198,505
            Alan Davies                         5,914,149                -       188,083       5,914,149             -        188,083
            Rose McKinney-James                   802,260                -       188,083         802,260             -        188,083
            Margaret R Walker                   1,155,380                -       188,083       1,155,380             -        188,083
            Timothy Woodall                       375,000                -       388,083         375,000             -        388,083

                                              150,648,853                -    24,357,658     150,648,853             -     24,357,658

            Meetings of directors
            The number of meetings of the company's Board of Directors ('the Board') held during the six months ended 31 December




For personal use only
            2025, and the number of meetings attended by each director were:

                                                                                   Nomination and
                                                     Full Board               Remuneration Committee       Audit and Risk Committee
                                               Attended       Held             Attended       Held          Attended        Held

            James D Calaway                              3              3               -              -             -             -
            Bernard Rowe                                 3              3               -              -             -             -
            Alan Davies                                  1              3               2              2             -             2
            Rose McKinney-James                          3              3               2              2             -             -
            Margaret R Walker                            3              3               -              -             2             2
            Timothy Woodall                              3              3               2              2             2             2

                                                                                 Project Execution                   EHSS
                                                                              Attended        Held           Attended     Held

            James D Calaway                                                             -              -             1             1
            Bernard Rowe                                                                -              -             -             -
            Alan Davies                                                                 -              -             -             -
            Rose McKinney-James                                                         -              -             1             1
            Margaret R Walker                                                           -              -             1             1
            Timothy Woodall                                                             -              -             -             -

            Held: represents the number of meetings held during the time the director held office or was a member of the relevant
            committee.

            Committee membership
            As at the date of this report, the Company had an audit and risk committee, a nomination and remuneration committee, a
            project execution committee, and an Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability (EHSS) committee.

            Alan Davies resigned as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, effective 25 February 2026.

            Members on the committees of the board at the end of the financial period are:

                                                                  Nomination &
                        Director          Audit & Risk            Remuneration           Project Execution               EHSS

            James D Calaway                                                                                               1
            Bernard Rowe                                                                          1
            Alan Davies                         1                        1*                       1
            Rose McKinney-James                                          1                                                1*
            Margaret R Walker                   1                                                 1*                      1
            Timothy Woodall                     1*                       1


                                                                        12
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            (1) The chair of each committee is denoted by an asterisk. They are all independent non-executive directors.

            Indemnity and insurance
            Indemnification of directors and officers

            The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial period, in respect of any person who is or has been an officer
            of the Company or a related body corporate, indemnified or made any relevant agreement for indemnifying against a liability
            incurred as an officer, including costs and expenses in successfully defending legal proceedings.

            Insurance premiums for directors and officers

            During the financial period, the Company has paid premiums to insure each of the directors and officers against liabilities for
            costs and expenses incurred by them in defending any legal proceedings arising out of their conduct while acting in the
            capacity of director or officer of the Company, other than conduct involving a wilful breach of duty in relation to the Company.
            The premiums paid are not disclosed as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

            Indemnification and insurance of auditors




For personal use only
            The company has not, during or since the end of the financial period, indemnified or agreed to indemnify the auditor of the
            company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.

            During the financial period, the company has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the auditor of the company
            or any related entity.

            Corporate governance statement
            Details of the Company’s corporate governance practices are included in the Corporate Governance Statement set out on the
            Company’s website.

            Remuneration report
            The remuneration report set out on pages 17 to 39 forms part of the Directors' Report for the six months ended 31 December
            2025.

            Dividends
            There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current or previous financial period.

            Shares - issued and unissued

                                                                                                                           31 Dec 2025     30 Jun 25

            Issued shares                                                                                                  2,674,633,957   2,608,172,516
              Options                                                                                                                  -       1,613,615
              Performance rights                                                                                              76,665,845      63,290,529

                                                                                                                           2,751,299,802   2,673,076,660

            Since the end of the financial period, the following additional shares, options or performance rights have been granted or
            lapsed:

            ●           No performance rights have vested, and 400,000,0000 new shares were issued.
            ●           No performance rights have lapsed.

            Environmental regulation
            The Group holds exploration licences issued by the relevant government authorities which specify guidelines for environmental
            impacts in relation to exploration activities. The licence conditions provide for the full rehabilitation of the areas of exploration
            in accordance with regulatory guidelines and standards. There have been no known breaches of the licence conditions.

            The Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) issued a favourable Record of Decision (“ROD”) on 24 October 2024, authorizing
            the Plan of Operations and completing the National Environmental Policy (“NEPA”) process.




                                                                                       13
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            The State of Nevada issued the final revision of the Class II Air Operating Permit on 22 July 2025, and the final modified Water
            Pollution Control Permit on 8 August 2025, which aligned the operational aspects of the Project to the Mine Plan of
            Operations. Ioneer now holds all significant Federal and State authorizations required for construction of Rhyolite Ridge.

            In October 2024, the Center for Biological Diversity filed a federal lawsuit against the BLM decision. In November 2024, Ioneer
            filed a motion to intervene and join the federal government in its defence, which the court allowed in January 2025. Briefing
            on merits of the case was completed in December 2025. The parties have filed the last of their merits briefing and the case is
            ready for review by the court. The court may choose to hear oral argument before issuing a decision on the case.

            We plan to issue a 2026 Sustainability Report in the first half of 2027.

            Likely developments and expected results of operations
            Information on likely developments in the operations of the company and the expected results of operations have not been
            included in this report because the directors believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the company.

            Significant changes in the state of affairs
            There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the company during the financial period.




For personal use only
            Proceedings on behalf of the company
            No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings on behalf
            of the company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on
            behalf of the company for all or part of those proceedings.

            Auditor
            Ernst & Young continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.

            Audit and non-audit services
            Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the financial period by the auditor
            are outlined in note 31 to the financial statements.

            The directors are satisfied that no non-audit services were provided during the financial period by the auditor (or by another
            person or firm on the auditor's behalf), compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
            Corporations Act 2001.

            The directors are of the opinion that the services as disclosed in note 31 to the financial statements do not compromise the
            external auditor's independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
            ●    all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of
                 the auditor; and
            ●    none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of
                 Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board, including
                 reviewing or auditing the auditor's own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the company,
                 acting as advocate for the company or jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.

            Auditor's independence declaration
            A copy of the auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
            immediately after this directors' report.

            Matters subsequent to the end of the financial period
            On 5 February 2026, Ioneer announced the issue of 400,000,000 new fully paid ordinary shares at an issue price of A$0.18
            (~US$0.13) per share by way of a single-tranche placement for gross proceeds of A$72 million (~US$50 million). The
            placement was strongly supported by new and existing shareholders and will be used to accelerate the development of
            Rhyolite Ridge including long lead items and early works, to advance project readiness, fund environmental permitting
            expenses and commitments, pay other project costs and fund working capital, meet obligations under the closed DOE Loan
            and for general corporate purposes.

            Other than as mentioned above, in the period since 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report, there has not been
            any other item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely in the opinion of directors, to substantially affect
            the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.




                                                                           14
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' report
            31 December 2025

            Rounding of amounts
            The amounts contained in the Directors' Report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000 (where rounding is applicable)
            where noted ($'000) under the option available to the Company as provided in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in
            Financial/Directors' Report) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which this legislative instrument applies.

            This report is made in accordance with a resolution of directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

            On behalf of the directors




            James D Calaway
            Executive Chairman

            18 March 2026




For personal use only




                                                                          15
                                                                      Ernst & Young                            Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                      200 George Street                        Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                      Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                ey.com/au
                                                                      GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                        Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of ioneer Ltd



                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of ioneer Ltd for the six months period ended 31
                        December 2025, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                        a.     No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in




For personal use only
                               relation to the audit;

                        b.     No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                        c.     No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                               relation to the audit.

                        This declaration is in respect of ioneer Ltd and the entities it controlled during the financial year.




                        Ernst & Young



                        Siobhan Huges
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        18 March 2026




                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            Letter from Committee Chair
            Dear fellow shareholders,

            On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the audited Remuneration Report for Ioneer Ltd (“Ioneer” or the “Company”)
            for the six month period ended 31 December 2025 (“TY2025” or “2025 Transition Period”). This Remuneration Report forms
            part of the Directors’ Report. It has been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and has
            been audited as required by that Act. We will seek shareholders’ support for the report at the TY2025 Annual General Meeting.

            Remuneration Report Context
            The Board resolved to change Ioneer’s financial year from 1 July – 30 June, to 1 January – 31 December. This has resulted
            in a six month transition reporting period of 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025.
            Changes to the Board and KMP executives
            In November 2025, April Hashimoto was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer and Olga Smejkalova of Acclime
            Corporate Services Australia Pty Ltd was appointed as Company Secretary. On 4 December 2025, Ian Bucknell’s resigned




For personal use only
            as an employee and Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary. No pro-rata incentives were paid and all incentives
            lapsed. April Hashimoto became an executive Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) effective 4 December 2025. There were
            no other changes KMP during the 2025 Transition Period.

            Remuneration Report Outcomes

            Base Salary
            KMP annual base salaries were not increased during TY2025. The Board will review KMP remuneration, including base
            salaries, once the outcome of the strategic partnering process is known.
            TY2025 Short-term Incentive Plan Performance
            The Company’s performance in the 2025 Transition Period is reported in the operating and financial review sections of the
            Financial Report. This performance and how it compared with the specific targets of the Company Scorecard provide the
            context of the remuneration outcomes outlined in the Remuneration Report.
            Short-term Incentive Plan (“STIP”) scorecard elements that met or exceeded the Board’s expectations were:
                        
                   Realization of previously identified optimization opportunities to reduce total leach duration times from 3 days (in the
                   Definitive Feasibility Study (“DFS)) to 2 days (announced in September 2025) to 1.5 days (announced in October
                   2025) resulting in substantial improvements to the project economics of Rhyolite Ridge, including unlevered NPV
                   improving by 64% to US$2.2 billion and unlevered IRR improving by 24% to 18%.
                Maintain a high standard of performance with respect to safety, achieving no Occupational Safety and Health
                   Administration (“OSHA”) incidents.
                Fiscal discipline resulting in spending levels 6% below the approved budget for TY2025
                Secured modified air and water permits from the State of Nevada, reached agreement on water rights with Esmeralda
                   County and State of Nevada Regional Water Authority and established a standard approach for transfer of future
                   water rights
            STIP scorecard elements that were not delivered and consequently did not meet the Board’s expectations were:
                        
                   The strategic partner process was delayed and subsequently extended, reflecting significant headwinds that
                   persisted, which resulted in delays to achieving a positive Final Investment Decision (“FID”) and subsequent
                   commencement of construction of the Rhyolite Ridge project.
                Advancement of the Tiehm’s Buckwheat planting and transplanting plans were delayed as regulatory approvals were
                   delayed by the U.S. Government shutdown in the second half of 2025.
            The annual STIP opportunity was halved for the six-month transition period. Executive KMP performance outcomes during
            TY2025 were mixed.
            While the team continued to significantly enhance and optimize Project economics, the prime goal of identifying a strategic
            partner(s) and moving into advanced negotiations were delayed.
            The Board undertook a detailed review of TY2025 STI goals and both team and individual performance. The Board did not
            exercise discretion in respect to STI outcomes when assessing outcomes compared to established goals and approved an
            overall performance rating for the team of 70% of target (35% of maximum). When determining individual executive KMP
            rewards, the Board did make downward adjustments to the individual performance ratings for the Managing Director and
            Executive Chairman, reflecting delays in the strategic partnering process. Individual executive KMP STIP rewards ranged
            from 61% to 80% of target (31% to 40% of maximum). STIP awards for TY2025 were delivered in cash, consistent with policy
            and market practice where the executive KMP are domiciled.
                                                                          17
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            Long-term Incentive Plan
            During the 2025 Transition Period, no Long-term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) Performance Rights (“PRs”) were scheduled to vest.
            The Board did grant LTIP PRs. In order to transition the performance period for LTIP from the 1 July to 30 June year to a
            calendar year, the Board adjusted the performance period from 36 months covering 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2028 to 42 months
            covering 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028. The number of PRs granted for this longer timeframe were increased
            proportionally to reflect the longer vesting period.
            When establishing LTIP performance targets the Board’s goal is to align shareholder value and award outcomes. Half of the
            targets associated the performance portion of the LTIP scorecard are dependent on project outcomes. Key milestones such
            as securing full project funding and FID must be achieved for 50% of the PRs granted to vest. Advancing the Project to FID
            is critical to shareholder value and as a result, executive KMP LTIP awards that vested in FY2025 and FY2024 were reduced
            by 68% and 66% respectively, reflecting the delays to commencement of construction.
            The LTIP plan also includes a time-based element (40% for executive KMP at target, 25% maximum). Time-based LTIP
            awards are common practice in the U.S., where our Rhyolite Ridge and 73% of our executive KMPs and senior management
            are located. The Board feels that staff continuity is critical to advancing the Rhyolite Ridge project. To ensure this, Company
            must attract and retain employees by providing a compensation structure that reflects the markets in which its employees live




For personal use only
            and work, which includes time-based LTIP. Despite the headwinds facing the lithium sector in the last three years, the
            Company has experienced low turnover at the executive KMP and senior levels of management, with an annual retention rate
            well above 90%.
            Board fees
            No changes were made to board fees. Board fees remain unchanged since 2020.

            Response to first strike
            At the October 2025 Annual General Meeting, 72.7% of shareholders voted for the FY2025 remuneration report, 2.3% below
            the 75% which constituted a first strike.
            Feedback from shareholders indicates that some were dissatisfied with the remuneration framework, and/or others followed
            proxy adviser recommendations not to support the FY2025 remuneration report. Steps taken over the transition reporting
            period to address concerns include:

                        
                     STIP scorecard assessment, and consequently payment outcomes were materially lower, below target, and reflective
                     of mixed outcomes and shareholder experience
                 The Board decided to discontinue, with immediate effect, the Company’s practice of giving employees, including
                     executive KMPs, the option to receive a 20% uplift in payment of STI by both deferring the payment for one year and
                     converting the cash payment to equity. While the policy change is not as effective at conserving cash, or encouraging
                     ownership, the Board assessed the risk as minimal, and addressed the concerns raised by proxy advisers in this
                     instance.
                 No one-off equity grants were made.
            We also note that proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services (“ISS”), whose recommendations appeared to be followed
            by minority of shareholders that voted against the remuneration report, incorrectly attributed 40% of the LTIP as subject to
            service-only vesting. At maximum, only 25% of the LTIP is subject to service, which is less than practice in the market in which
            most executive KMP are domiciled. ISS Australia policy does not support the use of time-based equity as it is inconsistent
            with ‘better market practice’ and shareholder interests. The guidelines do not say why paying executives in long term equity
            rather than cash salary is poorer practice and against shareholder interests. ISS also compared our US executive pay levels
            and composition to the lower Australian pay levels and composition. ISS did not indicate why Ioneer should risk turnover by
            varying from dominant market practice in which our executives are domiciled.
            In addition to responses to FY2025 remuneration report vote feedback, we will continue to engage with shareholders and
            proxy advisers for additional feedback and insights. Subject to that further engagement, we believe executive KMP
            remuneration is conservatively configured to meet most market standards while conserving cash, and appropriate for a
            resources company in the development stage. That is, it provides for a low proportion of remuneration to be received as cash,
            a higher proportion as equity, and is mostly contingent on performance.


            I trust that you find the remuneration report is informative and that it addresses any queries you have. Any further questions
            are welcomed and will be encouraged at the upcoming Annual General Meeting.




                                                                           18
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            Alan Davies
            Chair, Nomination & Remuneration Committee



            Key terms used in this report
                Act      Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)           LTI            Long-term incentive
                AGM      Annual General Meeting                MD             Managing director
                ASX      Australian Securities Exchange        NED            Non-executive director
                FID      Final Investment Decision             PRs            Performance Rights
                FY       Financial Year                        SRs            Share Rights
                INR      Ioneer                                Equity         Equity Incentive Plan
                                                               Plan
                KMP      Key management personnel              STI            Short-term incentive
                TY2025   Transition period 1 July 2025 to 31   Project        Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron
                         December 2025                                        Project




For personal use only




                                                                         19
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            1.                Introduction
            The directors of Ioneer Ltd present the Audited Remuneration Report (the Report) for the Company for the 2025 Transition
            Period. The Report forms part of the Directors’ Report and has been prepared and audited in accordance with Section 300A
            of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (the “Act”).

            This Remuneration Report outlines the remuneration strategy, framework and practices adopted by the consolidated entity in
            accordance with the requirements of the Act and its regulations. This information has been audited as required by section
            308 (3C) of the Act.

            Key Management Personnel
            Key management personnel (“KMP”) covered in this report are detailed below (See pages 8 to 10 for details of each director):
                Name                                      Position Held                                    Tenure
                Executive Directors
                James D Calaway                           Executive chair                                 Appointed 5 April 2017
                Bernard Rowe                              Managing director                               Appointed 23 August 2007




For personal use only
                Non-Executive Directors
                Alan Davies                               Non-executive director                          Appointed 23 May 2017
                Stephen Gardiner                          Non-executive director                          Appointed 25 August 2022,
                                                                                                          Resigned 5 May 2025
                Rose McKinney-James                       Non-executive director                          Appointed 1 February 2021
                Margaret R Walker                         Non-executive director                          Appointed 1 February 2021
                Timothy Woodall                           Non-executive director                          Appointed 5 May 2025
                Executives
                Ken Coon                                  Vice president human resources                  Appointed 1 July 2019
                April Hashimoto 1                         Interim chief financial officer                 Appointed 6 November 2025
                Ian Bucknell 1                            Chief financial officer and company             Resigned 4 December 2025
                                                          secretary
                Yoshio Nagai                              Vice president commercial sales &               Appointed 1 August 2019
                                                          marketing
                Matt Weaver                               Senior vice president engineering &             Appointed 28 November
                                                          operations                                      2017
                Chad Yeftich                              Vice president corporate development            Appointed 1 September
                                                          & external affairs                              2022

                        (1)    April Hashimoto became an executive KMP effective 4 December 2025 upon the resignation of Ian Bucknell

            2.                Remuneration governance
            2.1               Nomination & Remuneration Committee
            Remuneration governance is overseen by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The Committee is a committee of the
            Board established in accordance with the Company’s constitution and authorised by the Board to assist it in fulfilling its
            statutory, fiduciary, and regulatory responsibilities.

            The ASX Corporate Governance Council’s “Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations” (ASX
            Recommendations) recommend that the Company has formal and rigorous processes for the appointment and reappointment
            of directors to the Board. The Committee was established to assist the Board by undertaking the roles and exercising the
            responsibilities set out in the Nomination & Remuneration Committee Charter. A copy of this Charter is available on the
            Company’s website.

            The Committee aims to bring transparency, focus and independent judgment to these roles. The Committee will review and
            make recommendations to the Board on matters relevant to these roles and responsibilities, and as required to satisfy the
            Corporations Act, ASX Recommendations and ASX Listing Rule requirements relevant to these roles and responsibilities.
            The Committee currently comprises the following independent non-executive directors:

                              Alan Davies (chair);
                              Rose McKinney-James; and
                              Timothy Woodall



                                                                                              20
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            2.2         Remuneration advisors
            The Nomination and Remuneration Committee engages external advisors as required. External advisors provide advice on
            market remuneration levels and mix, market trends, incentives and performance measurement, governance, taxation and
            legal compliance.

            None of the Committee’s engagements with remuneration advisors were for work that constituted a remuneration
            recommendation for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act 2001.

            2.3         Share trading policy
            The Ioneer Securities Trading Policy applies to all NEDs, executives and employees. The policy prohibits employees from
            dealing in Ioneer securities while in possession of material non-public information relevant to the Company.

            Executives must not enter into any hedging arrangements over unvested equity under the Company’s equity plan. The
            Company would consider a breach of this policy as gross misconduct, which may lead to disciplinary action and potentially to
            dismissal.




For personal use only
            2.4         Reasons for remuneration “strike”
            The following table summarises the issues identified by shareholders and proxy advisers, and the Company’s response.

                Feedback                  Response
                                          Ioneer compares executive pay levels to the pay levels of executives in the same
                                          geographic markets (primarily the U.S. and Canada, with consideration for
                                          Australia) and industry (resources). The policy is to pay between the 25th
                                          percentile and median rates of pay for individuals with the qualifications and
                                          experience to do the role. Actual pay rates approximate policy positioning.
                                          Therefore the maximum remuneration quanta is not high, not low; it is just right.

                                          ISS Australia compared our primarily North American executive pay levels and
                                          composition for the CEO to the Australian pay levels and composition. Australian
                FY 2025 maximum
                                          pay levels are lower than US pay levels. Yet this is irrelevant. Much as the board
                total remuneration
                                          would like to pay less, the fact is that our assets are US based, and managed by
                quantum too high
                                          majority US based executives. To acquire, and retain, US based executives we
                                          have to pay North American rates of pay. To do otherwise would risk material
                                          harm to our business, and consequently shareholder value.

                                          Executive KMP annual base salaries were not increased during TY2025. While
                                          the annual LTIP grants are greater as a percentage of salary, they reflect the
                                          longer performance and service periods of 42 months (compared with 36 months)
                                          in recognition of the transition of the financial year to a calendar year. The annual
                                          percentage of maximum STIP and LTIP opportunity remains unchanged.
                FY2025 Managing
                                          TY2025 STIP scorecard assessment, and consequently payment outcomes were
                Director’s STIP
                                          materially lower, below target, and reflective of the shareholder experience.
                outcome was high
                whereas the total
                                          This included the Board making downwards adjustments to the individual
                shareholder return
                                          performance ratings for the Managing Director and Executive Chairman, reflecting
                during the period
                                          delays in the strategic partnering process.
                declined.
                                          The Board decided to discontinue, with immediate effect, the Company’s practice
                                          of giving employees, including executive KMPs, the option to receive a 20% uplift
                STIP 20% uplift if        in payment of STI by both deferring the payment for one year and converting the
                electing to receive as    cash payment to equity. While the policy change is not as effective at conserving
                deferred equity           cash, or encouraging ownership, the board assessed risk as minimal, and a
                                          unique practice both in Australia and the US, so have addressed the concern of
                                          proxy advisers in this instance.
                                                                              21
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                Feedback                       Response
                                               ISS incorrectly attributed 40% of the LTIP as subject to service-only vesting. At
                                               maximum, only 25% of the LTIP is subject to service. This is less than practice in
                                               the market in which most executive KMP are domiciled. ISS Australia policy does
                                               not support the use of time-based equity as it is inconsistent with ‘better market
                                               practice’ and shareholder interests. The guidelines do not say why paying
                That 40% of the LTI is         executives in long term equity rather than cash salary is a poor practice and
                service-based                  against shareholder interests.

                                               Our purpose is to provide equity in lieu of cash salary for shareholder alignment,
                                               cash conservation, consistency with non-KMP employee remuneration, and
                                               consistency with U.S market practice as the majority (approximately 83%) of the
                                               Company’s employees are located.
                                               A positive TSR gateway can lead to binary results. It can be demotivating if relative
                                               performance outperforms peers during a challenging market environment.




For personal use only
                Relative TSR hurdle
                                               Our approach to avoid binary outcomes and the drawbacks of a positive TSR
                has vesting starting at
                                               gateway has been a modifier. If the share price is 33% lower or higher over the
                the 25th percentile and
                                               performance period, the award result will be reduced or increased by 20%. This
                lacks a positive TSR
                                               is consistent with maintaining a vesting schedule that varies vesting with a greater
                gateway.
                                               range of relative TSR performance. This permits realised remuneration to reduce
                                               for performance that is poorer than peers, and increase for performance greater
                                               than peers.
                                               The Board has continued to set LTI targets that assume an FID will be taken and
                                               the Project advances into construction and production. While the Board
                LTI milestone                  recognises the desire for milestone granularity, this is not currently practical nor
                granularity lacking            material. The Board has not set specific targets for budgets and schedule because
                                               these will not be known until the FID decision is made. The FID decision, on which
                                               vesting is contingent, is material.
                One-off grant under
                transition incentive           No one-off equity awards were made in TY2025
                plan


            3. Executive Remuneration
            3.1             Remuneration strategy
            The principles of the Ioneer remuneration policy are to:

                            attract, retain and motivate directors, executives and employees who will create value for shareholders by providing
                             remuneration packages that are aligned with shareholder interests, are equitable and externally competitive;
                            provide a remuneration balance weighted toward risk and return to align with shareholders;
                            clearly align short and long-term company objectives to financial awards;
                            be fair and appropriate having regard to the performance of the Company and the relevant director, executive or
                             employee and the interests of shareholders;
                            conserve cash in the development phase of the business by granting equity in lieu of cash where appropriate; and
                            comply with relevant legal requirements.


            3.2             Relationship with company performance
            The Ioneer executive compensation framework provides for fair, competitive remuneration that aligns potential rewards with
            the Company’s objectives while being transparent to shareholders. We are a Company with a single, pre-development project,
            with 83% of our team, who are administered under this compensation program located in the U.S. and one employee, the
            Managing Director, located in Australia. Consequently, our compensation framework aligns with U.S. standards. Typically,
            this means proportionately less cash and higher equity than the Australian market standard, with some of the equity contingent
            on service to make up for the relatively low cash proportion. Performance objectives for STI and equity vesting are set such

                                                                                   22
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            that achievement would accelerate development during our current pre-production phase for higher shareholder value. This
            means that the value of remuneration realised at vesting is highly aligned with the value realised by investors.

            Key remuneration elements are reviewed annually to determine appropriate awards based upon factors such as individual
            performance, Company results and competitive benchmark survey data. The following is a brief description of the approach
            for each element:

                            Base salary is reviewed annually and adjusted for individual performance and benchmarks that may be reviewed
                             from time to time to ensure competitiveness. Executive KMP annual base salaries were not increased during TY2025.
                            Short term incentives are reviewed annually with awards granted based upon individual performance and Company
                             results. STI targets are benchmarked from time to time to ensure competitiveness. STIs may range from 0% to 200%
                             of target. The Board reserves the right to grant STI outcomes greater than 200% of target for exceptional contributions
                             to Company objectives, as well as exercise negative discretion when formulaic outcomes do not align with the
                             shareholder experience. In February 2026, the Board decided to discontinue, with immediate effect, the Company’s
                             practice of giving employees, including KMPs, the option to receive a 20% uplift in payment of STI by both deferring
                             the payment for one year and converting the cash payment to equity. While the purpose of the practice was to
                             encourage employee retention, increase alignment and conserve cash, it was a unique practice in the U.S. and




For personal use only
                             Australia, and therefore was discontinued.
                            Equity grants are reviewed annually. The Board has a practice of granting a target grant ratio with a ratio of 60%
                             performance-based PRs and 40% time-based PRs. At maximum, the ratio is 75% performance-based and 25% time-
                             based PRs. A key risk for Ioneer is not being able to attract and retain qualified and experienced U.S. executives and
                             senior management. The remuneration framework is based on optimal shareholder alignment, cash conservation and
                             alignment with U.S. market standards as the jurisdiction in which the majority of our employees are located.
                             o Performance-based PRs comprise 60% of the annual target grant value (75% at maximum). The final vesting
                                  may range between 0% to 200% of grant based on achievement of a scorecard of business objectives suited to
                                  the Company’s current pre-production phase, such that if all were achieved, they would add substantially to
                                  shareholder value.
                             o Time-based PRs make up 40% of the annual target grant value, equivalent to 25% of maximum potential grant
                                  value. Vesting is contingent upon the employee remaining employed to the vesting date. Time-based PRs are a
                                  standard component of compensation in the U.S. market to encourage retention in key positions, which aligns
                                  with our ability to deliver results to shareholders; conserves cash that would otherwise have to be used for higher
                                  cash salaries and meets U.S. market standards.


            3.3             Remuneration framework – linking reward to performance
            Remuneration information is derived from relevant remuneration surveys conducted by independent third parties.
            Remuneration is benchmarked against a peer group of direct competitors and a sector peer group.

            Ioneer’s remuneration framework and executive reward strategy provides a mix of fixed and variable remuneration with a
            blend of short-term incentives and long-term equity grants. The key elements of the remuneration packages are as follows:

                            Annual base salary: reviewed annually and adjusted based upon individual performance and competitive
                             benchmarks that may be reviewed from time to time to ensure competitiveness.
                            Post-employment benefits: superannuation contributions for Australian based executives and similar retirement
                             benefits savings for non-Australia based executives.
                            Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR): Annual base salary plus superannuation for Australia based executives and
                             annual base salary for non-Australia based executives.
                            Short-term incentive (STI): Remuneration for performance measured over one year or less, including any deferred
                             amounts.
                            Equity incentive grants: Performance and/or time-based equity granted under shareholder approved equity plans.

            At maximum, the remuneration mix is as follows:




                                                                                    23
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025




For personal use only
            3.3.1 Base Salary
            Executive KMP are paid base salary in cash which is competitive in the sector and markets in which the Company operates
            and is consistent with the responsibilities, accountabilities and complexities of the respective roles. The Company benchmarks
            executive KMP base salaries against resource industry market surveys for lithium companies which are published annually.
            Additionally, the pay levels of executive KMP positions in the Company may be benchmarked against national market
            executive remuneration surveys. It is the Company’s policy to position itself at the P25-P50 level of the market when
            benchmarking TFR. Base salary is reviewed annually and adjusted based upon individual performance and competitive
            benchmarks that may be reviewed from time to time to ensure competitiveness.

            Executive KMP annual base salaries were not increased during TY2025. The Board will review executive KMP base salaries
            once the outcome of the strategic partnering process is known. The base salaries for TY2025 were prorated for the six-month
            performance period based on the annual amounts that were approved by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination
            and Remuneration Committee which are as follows:


                Base salary 1                         % Increase                    31-Dec-25                            30-Jun-25
                                                                               A$                US$                A$                US$
                James D Calaway                            0%                                    250,000                     -         250,000
                Bernard Rowe                               0%                 585,000                     -         585,000                     -
                                     2
                Ian Bucknell                               0%                 433,000                     -         433,000                     -
                                          3
                April Hashimoto                                                        -             12,710                  -                  -
                Ken Coon                                   0%                          -         268,000                     -         268,000
                Yoshio Nagai                               0%                          -         284,000                     -         284,000
                Chad Yeftich                               0%                                    292,000                     -         292,000
                Matt Weaver                                0%                          -         333,000                     -         333,000

                        (1)   Base salaries are shown in the above table at contract amounts. Where executive KMP have not worked a full-time load or superannuation caps
                              have been met and excess amounts taken as salary, it will not agree with the table in the “Statutory Remuneration” section below. April Hashimoto
                              was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer on 6 November 2025 pursuant to a consulting services contract whereby she is compensated based
                              on an hourly rate. April Hashimoto invoiced the Company for US$12,710 for services she provided during the period in TY2025 that she was an
                              executive KMP (4 December 2025 to 31 December 2025).
                        (2)   Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary effective 4 December 2025.
                        (3)   April Hashimoto was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer on 6 November 2025 pursuant to a consulting contract by which she is paid based
                              on an hourly rate. The amount shown as base pay reflects the amount invoiced under the consulting contract for the period that April Hashimoto
                              was an executive KMP (4 December 2025 to 31 December 2025).




                                                                                                24
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            3.3.2 Short-Term Incentive (STI)
            Executive KMP can earn an annual STI based on a percentage of their base salary. The STI percentage increases with
            seniority to ensure a higher proportion of remuneration is “at risk” for more materially accountable employees.

            The features and approach for the Ioneer STI plan are as follows.

               Feature                Approach
                                      Align team and individual performance and behaviours with annual Group
                                      objectives.
               Purpose
                                      Provide individuals with a competitive market position for total reward (i.e.
                                      variable and fixed pay components).
                                      Those considered for participation in the program must be able to impact
               Eligibility            the performance of their own work area, their business or function and
                                      contribute to the Group’s overall performance.




For personal use only
                                      TY2025 STIP was awarded in cash, which is the default form of payment.
                                      The Company reserves the right to award STIP as equity if appropriate.
                                      In February 2026, the Board decided to discontinue, with immediate effect,
               Form of payment
                                      the Company’s practice of giving employees, including executive KMPs, the
                                      option to receive a 20% uplift in payment of STI by both deferring the
                                      payment for one year and converting the cash payment to equity.

                                      The maximum STI opportunity as a percentage of base salary for the
                                      executive KMP with the numbers in brackets reflecting the shorter
                                      performance period for TY2025 are as follows:
                                          Executive Chair: 120% (60% for TY2025)
                                          Managing Director: 160% (80% for TY2025)
                                          Senior Vice President Engineering & Operations: 100% (50% for
                                          TY2025)
               Opportunity                Interim Chief Financial Officer: 100% (50% for TY2025)
                                          Vice President Human Resources: 80% (40% for TY2025)
                                          Vice President Commercial Sales & Marketing: 80% (40% for TY2025)
                                          Vice President – Corporate Development and External Affairs: 80%
                                          (40% for TY2025)
                                      The maximum STI was prorated for the TY2025 six-month performance
                                      period (1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025).
                                      Target STI opportunity is half of the maximum STI opportunity.
                                      Six months from 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025 and thereafter 1 year, 1
               Performance period
                                      January to 31 December
                                      Annual executive KMP performance is set and assessed based upon a set
                                      of key Company targets (scorecard) that directly affect shareholder value
                                      and are directly linked to the Ioneer Strategic Plan. This formulaic scorecard
                                      outcome is 75% of the executive KMP’s individual STI award.
                                      Each scorecard goal is measured, weighted according to its importance,
                                      and assessed quantitatively.

               Performance            The remaining 25% is the contribution to organisational objectives and
               measures               performance in role (individual component).
                                      Both the scorecard and individual component can achieve up to 200% of
                                      target (100% of maximum).
                                      At the start of each performance period, the Board determines Company
                                      hurdles with threshold and maximum performance levels which form the
                                      STI goal. Additionally, the MD reviews and approves the goals of each
                                      executive KMP, ensuring alignment with Company objectives.

                                                                          25
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

               Feature                Approach

                                      The target levels of performance set by the Board are challenging and are
                                      driven by an annual target setting exercise and longer-term strategic
                                      objectives. Achievement of target levels of performance delivers the
                                      payment of 50% of STI maximum opportunity.
                                      The Board reserves the right to grant above 200% of target STI for truly
                                      exceptional contributions to the business or to exercise negative discretion
                                      if the formulaic outcome does not accord with the shareholder experience,
               Board discretion
                                      behaviours not consistent with the Company’s code of conduct, reputational
                                      damage, safety or environmental expectations, or the Board’s overall
                                      assessment of performance on a holistic basis.
                                      The Board can clawback previous incentive awards that may have been
                                      awarded erroneously. The following are examples of such circumstances,
                                      including:




For personal use only
                                              A restatement of any financial measure or target upon which an
                                               incentive award was based;
                                              A restatement of the Company’s financial statements even though
                                               the restatement did not involve a metric that was explicitly part of
               Clawback                        an incentive award calculation;
                                              The serious or gross misconduct, fraud, bribery, severe
                                               reputational damage, and any other deliberate, reckless, or
                                               unlawful conduct that may have a serious adverse impact on
                                               Ioneer, its reputation, customers, the environment, or its people
                                               which resulted in dismissal, or the Board considers at its discretion
                                               would have justified the dismissal. In exceptional cases, Remco
                                               may determine that recovery of incentive awards is appropriate
                                               though dismissal does not occur.
               Treatment on           If the executive is deemed a good leaver, STI is rewarded on a pro rata
               termination            basis for time served. PRs lapse if an employee resigns.

            Details of the STI scorecard for the 2025 Transition Period are disclosed in the table below. The STI scorecard is reflective
            of Ioneer’s current stage of development in obtaining approval for environmental permits, obtaining the necessary funding and
            preparing the Company to take a Final Investment Decision and begin construction on the Project.




                                                                          26
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            The STI scorecard for TY2025 was as follows:




For personal use only
            3.3.3 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Equity Grants
            The executive KMP LTI equity grant is comprised of 2 parts, a performance-based PR grant and a time-based PR grant.
            During TY2025, executive KMPs were granted LTI for the performance period 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028 (the “TY2025
            LTI Grant”). In order to transition the performance period for LTIP from the 1 July to 30 June year to a calendar year, the
            Board adjusted the performance period for TY2025 LTI Grant from 36 months covering 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2028 to 42
            months covering 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028. The number of PRs granted for this longer timeframe were increased
            proportionally to reflect the longer vesting period.

            The tables below present the features and approaches for each of the performance-based and time-based components of the
            TY2025 LTI Grant.

            4.3.3.1 Performance-based LTI PRs (performance period 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028)
            The following table presents the terms and conditions of the performance-based component of the TY2025 LTI Grant:

                        Feature                  Approach

                                                 To align executive accountability and remuneration with the long-
                        Purpose                  term interests of shareholders by rewarding for the delivery of
                                                 sustained performance.
                                                 All executive KMP and senior management members.
                                                 The Board may at its discretion make invitations to or grant awards
                        Participants             to eligible persons. Eligible persons include executive directors or
                                                 executive officers of the Group, employees, contractors or
                                                 consultants of the group or any other person.
                                                                        27
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                        Feature              Approach
                                             Performance rights (PRs) to acquire ordinary shares in the Company
                                             for nil consideration.
                                             Within 30 days after the vesting date in respect of a vested
                        Instruments issued   instrument, the Company, at its discretion only, must either allocate
                                             shares or procure payment to the participant of a cash amount equal
                                             to the market price of the shares which would have otherwise been
                                             allocated.
                        Allocation value     10-day VWAP prior to start of the performance period
                                             Maximum incentive opportunity as a percentage of base salary is
                                             unchanged from FY2025. The numbers in brackets reflect the
                                             longer performance period (42 months compared with 36 months)
                                             for TY2025: Amounts are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                Executive Chair: 72% (84% for TY2025)
                                                Managing Director: 144% (168% for TY2025)
                                                Vice President Human Resources: 48% (56% for TY2025)
                        Maximum value           Vice President Commercial Sales & Marketing: 48% (56% for
                                                TY2025)
                                                Senior Vice President Engineering & Operations: 102% (119%
                                                for TY2025)
                                                Vice President Corporate Development and External Affairs:
                                                60% (70% for TY2025)
                                             Executive KMP are granted 50% of the maximum number of PRs to
                                             vest.
                                             3.5 years, 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028 (to transition to a
                        Performance period
                                             calendar year performance period), thereafter 3 years
                                             As soon as practicable after end of performance period but not later
                        Vesting Date
                                             than March 2029
                                             Annually executive KMP performance targets are set and then
                                             assessed on a range of key measures that are critical to shareholder
                                             value and are directly linked to the Ioneer Strategic Plan. At this
                                             point in the Rhyolite Ridge Project, targets are focused on moving
                                             through the Project’s objectives of permitting, engineering, funding
                                             and construction.
                                             Each scorecard measure is measured, weighted according to its
                                             importance, and is assessed objectively.
                        Performance          At the grant date, the Board determines the hurdles and minimum,
                        measures             target and maximum levels of performance which form the LTI
                                             scorecard.
                                             The target levels of performance set by the Board are challenging
                                             and are driven by an annual goal setting exercise and the longer-
                                             term strategic plan. Achievement of target levels of performance
                                             delivers the payment of 50% of LTI maximum opportunity. Payments
                                             from threshold to maximum opportunity are on a straight-line basis
                                             consistent with the level of performance attained.
                                             Details can be found in section 4.3.3.2 below.




                                                                  28
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                        Feature                  Approach
                                                 The PRs are issued by the company and held by the participant
                                                 subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions. The number of
                                                 PRs held may be adjusted pro-rata, consistent with ASX adjustment
                        Acquisition of           factors for any capital restructure.
                        performance rights
                                                 If the PRs vest, executives receive newly issued shares or shares
                                                 acquired on market. Trading restrictions may apply to the newly
                                                 issued shares.
                        Treatment of
                        dividends and voting     Unvested PRs do not have voting rights or accrue dividend benefits.
                        rights
                        Restriction on
                                                 Hedging of PRs by executives is not permitted
                        hedging




For personal use only
                        Treatment on             If the executive is deemed a good leaver, PRs are prorated for time
                        termination              served. PRs lapse if an employee resigns.
                                                 The board may apply downward discretion as appropriate.
                        Board Discretion         The Company may adjust downwards the number of performance-
                                                 based PRs where there has been a material negative misstatement
                                                 of results to align executive awards with shareholder outcomes.
                                                 The Board can clawback previous incentive awards that may have
                                                 been awarded erroneously. The following are examples of such
                                                 circumstances, including:
                                                        A restatement of any financial measure or target that an
                                                         incentive award was based upon;
                                                        A restatement of the Company’s financial statements even
                                                         though the restatement did not involve a metric that was
                                                         explicitly part of an incentive award calculation;
                        Clawback                        The serious or gross misconduct, fraud, bribery, severe
                                                         reputational damage, and any other deliberate, reckless, or
                                                         unlawful conduct that may have a serious adverse impact on
                                                         Ioneer, its reputation, customers, the environment, or its
                                                         people which resulted in dismissal, or the Board considers at
                                                         its discretion would have justified the dismissal. In
                                                         exceptional cases, Remco may determine that recovery of
                                                         incentive awards is appropriate though dismissal does not
                                                         occur.
                                                 Executive KMP are expected to achieve a minimum share ownership
                        Minimum Share            in the Company over a 5-year period. The minimum level for the
                        ownership                Managing Director is 5 times his base salary. The minimum level for
                                                 other executives is 3 times their base salaries.
                                                 Vesting is subject to board discretion, taking into account
                        Change of control
                                                 performance to the date of change in control.

            Details of the scorecard are disclosed in the table below. The scorecard reflects the Company’s desire to move through the
            initial project phase, into construction and, in time, production.

                        Measure                                                                         Weighting

                        Strategic Project Drivers

                                                                        29
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                        Measure                                                                          Weighting
                        Sustainability Performance (E, H&S, Community).                                      20%
                        Construction delivery compared with schedule at FID.                                 20%
                        Construction spend compared with budget at FID.                                      10%
                        Shareholder Value
                        INR share price compared to comparators. The comparators are:                        30%
                        Vulcan Energy Resources, Core Lithium, Lake Resources, Sigma
                        Lithium, Sayona Mining, Liontown Resources, American Lithium,
                        Frontier Lithium Inc, Standard Lithium, Lithium Americas Corp,
                        Piedmont Lithium, Pilbara Minerals, and Critical Elements Lithium.
                        The vesting scale for the shareholder return component is as
                        follows:




For personal use only
                                                     Vesting outcome (%        Vesting outcome (%
                          Percentile
                                                           target)                  maximum)
                          Bottom quartile (0-
                                                             0%                       0%
                          25th)
                          Third quartile (25th-
                                                         50%-100%                  25%-50%
                          50th)
                          Second quartile (50th-
                                                         101%-200%                 50%-100%
                          75th)
                          First quartile (75th-
                                                            200%                     100%
                          100th)
                        Vesting is on a straight-line basis within each quartile. However, if
                        the share price is 33% lower or higher over the performance period,
                        the award result will be reduced or increased by 20%.
                        Growth – Increase from Measured and Indicated LCE Resource at                        20%
                        30 June 2025 by 10%.

            The Board has continued to set LTI targets that assume an FID will be taken and the Project advances into construction and
            production and has set a weighting between the various measures. The Board has not set specific targets for budget and
            schedule, however, as these will not be known until the FID decision is made.


            4.3.3.2 Time-based LTI PRs
            The following table presents the terms and conditions of the time-based PRs in the Equity Plan for TY2025.

                          Feature                    Approach

                                                   To provide equity in lieu of cash salary for shareholder alignment, cash
                                                   conservation, consistency with non-KMP employee remuneration, and
                        Purpose
                                                   consistency with U.S market practice as the majority (approximately
                                                   85%) of the Company’s employees are located in the U.S.
                                                   All executive KMP and senior management members
                                                   The Board may at its discretion make invitations to or grant awards to
                        Participants               eligible persons. Eligible persons include executive directors or
                                                   executive officers of the Group, employees, contractors or consultants
                                                   of the group or any other person.




                                                                          30
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                          Feature                Approach
                                               PRs to acquire ordinary shares in the Company for nil consideration.
                                               Within 30 days after the vesting date in respect of a vested instrument,
                        Instruments issued     the Company, at its discretion only, must either allocate shares or
                                               procure payment to the participant of a cash amount equal to the
                                               market price of the shares which would have otherwise been allocated.
                        Allocation value       10-day VWAP prior to start of the performance period
                                               Maximum time-based PRs opportunity as a percentage of base
                                               salary is unchanged from FY2025. The numbers in brackets reflect
                                               the longer service period (42 months compared with 36 months) for
                                               TY2025. Amounts are as follows:
                                                  Executive Chair: 24% (28% for TY2025)




For personal use only
                                                  Managing Director: 48% (56% for TY2025)
                        Value at grant            Vice President Human Resources: 16% (18.67% for TY2025)
                                                  Vice President Commercial Sales & Marketing: 16% (18.67% for
                                                  TY2025)
                                                  Senior Vice President Engineering & Operations: 34% (39.67%
                                                  for TY2025)
                                                  Vice President Corporate Development & External Affairs: 20%
                                                  (23.33% for TY2025)
                                               3.5 years, 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2028 (to transition to a
                        Service period
                                               calendar year performance period), thereafter 3 years.
                        Service
                                               31 December 2028
                        measurement date
                        Vesting Date           1 January 2029
                                               The PRs are issued by the Company and held by the participant
                                               subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions. The number of
                                               instruments held may be adjusted pro-rata, consistent with ASX
                        Acquisition of PRs     adjustment factors for any capital restructure.
                                               If the PRs vest, executives receive newly issued shares or shares
                                               acquired on market. Trading restrictions may apply to the newly
                                               issued shares.
                        Treatment of
                        dividends and voting   Unvested PRs do not have voting rights or accrue dividend benefits.
                        rights
                        Restriction on
                                               Hedging of PRs by executives is not permitted
                        hedging
                        Treatment on           If the executive is deemed a good leaver, PRs are prorated for time
                        termination            served. PRs lapse if an employee resigns.
                                               The Company may adjust downwards the number of time-based PRs
                        Adjusting Awards       where there has been a material negative misstatement of results to
                                               align executive awards with shareholder outcomes.




                                                                      31
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                               Feature                      Approach
                                                          The Board can clawback previous time-based incentive awards that
                                                          may have been awarded erroneously. The following are examples of
                                                          such circumstances, including:
                                                              The serious or gross misconduct, fraud, bribery, severe
                                                                 reputational damage, and any other deliberate, reckless, or
                             Clawback                            unlawful conduct that may have a serious adverse impact on
                                                                 Ioneer, its reputation, customers, the environment, or its people
                                                                 which resulted in dismissal, or the Board considers at its
                                                                 discretion would have justified the dismissal. In exceptional
                                                                 cases, Remco may determine that recovery of incentive
                                                                 awards is appropriate though dismissal does not occur.
                                                          Executive KMP are expected to achieve a minimum share ownership
                             Minimum Share                in the Company over a 5-year period. The minimum level for the




For personal use only
                             ownership                    Managing Director is five times base salary. The minimum level for
                                                          other executives is three times base salaries.
                             Board Discretion             The board may apply discretion as appropriate.
                                                          Vesting is subject to board discretion, taking into account performance
                             Change of control
                                                          to the date of change in control.


            3.4         Performance and remuneration outcomes for TY2025
            3.4.1 Company performance


            The following table shows the Company’s historical financial performance:
                                                                                                                           12
                                             6 months        12 months    12 months        12 months    12 months                12 months
                                                                                                                       months
                                                ended            ended        ended            ended        ended                    ended
                                                                                                                        ended
                                             31-Dec-25        30-Jun-25   30-Jun-24        30-Jun-23    30-Jun-22    30-Jun-21   30-Jun-20
                Net Loss after tax
                                                (4,070)         (9,553)      (7,825)          (6,391)      (8,502)    (14,032)      (3,700)
                (US$’000)
                Basic loss per share (US
                                                (0.169)         (0.405)      (0.336)          (0.305)      (0.422)     (0.803)      (0.232)
                CPS)
                Diluted loss per share (US
                                                (0.169)         (0.405)      (0.336)          (0.305)      (0.422)     (0.803)      (0.232)
                CPS)
                Dividends per share                  -               -            -                -            -           -            -

                Closing share price (A$)                                                                     0.41         0.35        0.13
                                                  0.19             0.10        0.15             0.34
                5-year TSR                    (33.93%)         (22.40%)     11.11%           (5.56%)     182.76%      600.00%    3150.00%


            The following graph shows the Company’s total shareholder return against the S&P ASX200 Index




                                                                                      32
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025




For personal use only
            3.4.2       TY2025 performance and STI outcome (performance period 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025)
            STI targets for TY2025 were primarily focused upon advancing Project funding through the strategic partnering process,
            enhancing Project economics through plant optimization, conserving cash by exercising fiscal discipline and additional
            sustainability measures. At the end of the performance period, the Board undertook a thorough assessment of performance
            outcomes relative to established targets.

            The following table details the STIP goals for the TY2025 performance period and the assessed outcomes:




                                                                       33
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025




For personal use only
            Company performance relative to STIP goals in TY2025 was mixed. The team exceeded established goals for Rhyolite Ridge
            plant optimization, exercised fiscal discipline to spend ~6% below budget, achieved excellent safety outcomes, obtained State
            of Nevada permit modification approvals while making excellent progress in transferring operational water rights and
            maintained team continuity at the senior levels. Unfortunately, the team was not able to make substantial progress in
            advancing the strategic partnering process and efforts to gain Federal Agency approvals to outplant Tiehm’s Buckwheat were
            negatively impacted by the U.S. Government extended shutdown.

            The STI calculation is comprised of a 75% component for Company performance and a 25% component for individual
            performance and contribution to organisational objectives. The Board approved a rating for the Company performance
            component of TY2025 STI of 70% of target (35% of maximum).

            The following table provides the calculated outcome for each measure in the TY2025 STI scorecard.

                                                          Outcome as a %
                                                                                  Total
                Measure                     Weighting           of
                                                          Target    Stretch     Outcome
                Strategic Partnering          40%          0%         N/A          0%
                Improve Project Economics     20%         100%       100%         40%
                Adherence to Budget           10%         100%        N/A         10%
                Safety                         5%         100%       100%         10%
                License to Operate –
                                               5%         100%        N/A          5%
                permits and water
                License to Operate –
                                              15%          0%         N/A          0%
                Tiehm’s Buckwheat
                Employee Retention             5%         100%        N/A          5%
                Total                         100%                                70%

            The STIP payout to each executive for TY2025 was as follows:

                                                                         34
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                                                                                   Weighted
                                          Target STI           Weighted
                                                                                   Outcome                Payout
                Executive                  (% base             Outcome
                                                                                      (%                    ($)
                                           salary) 1           (% target)
                                                                                   maximum)
                James
                                              60%                 61%                  31%                45,938
                Calaway2
                Bernard
                                              80%                 64%                  32%               100,362
                Rowe2
                April
                                              50%                 64%                  32%                 4,069
                Hashimoto3
                Ken Coon4                     20%                 71%                  36%                19,070
                Yoshio Nagai4                 20%                 70%                  35%                19,910
                Chad Yeftich                  40%                 70%                  35%                40,660
                Matt Weaver                   50%                 80%                  40%                66,706

                        Each executive KMP annual target STI shown in the table was prorated for the six-month performance period (1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025). The




For personal use only
              (1)
                        STI awards for executive KMP were split between Company performance (75%) and individual performance (25%) and awarded in cash.
              (2)       The Board made downward adjustments to the individual performance ratings for the Managing Director and Executive Chairman, reflecting delays in
                        the strategic partnering process.
              (3)       April Hashimoto provides services pursuant to a consulting agreement and therefore her STI payout was based on the services invoiced from her
                        designation as an executive KMP on 4 December 2025 to 31 December 2025.
              (4)       For Ken Coon and Yoshio Nagai, the STI annual targets were reduced from 40% to 20% to reflect their 50% work schedule.


            3.4.3          LTI PRs vesting
            No LTI PRs were scheduled to have the performance or service period end in TY2025.

            3.4.4          Statutory remuneration
            The following table sets out KMP remuneration for the 2025 Transition Period and the 2025 Financial Year in US Dollars and
            has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Section 300A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 and
            associated accounting standards.




                                                                                            35
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025


                                                                                                                                                  Share-based
                                                                                                 Non-                                              Payment                                % of
                Name                                            Superannuati   Health & Life   Monetary                           Long Service     Options &        Total Statutory   performance-
                (Position)            Year    Base Salary           on           Benefits      Benefits3            STI              Leave          Rights1         Remuneration       based rem.
                Non-
                Executive




For personal use only
                Director
                Alan Davies          TY2025         32,500                 -               -               -                  -               -         11,882               44,382       27%
                                     FY2025         65,000                 -               -               -                  -               -         15,000               80,000       19%
                Stephen
                                     TY2025                 -              -               -               -                  -               -                 -                 -        -
                Gardiner
                                     FY2025         52,600                 -               -               -                  -               -         46,681               99,281       47%
                Rose
                McKinney-            TY2025         32,500                 -               -               -                  -               -         11,882               44,382       27%
                James
                                     FY2025         65,000                 -               -               -                  -               -         15,000               80,000       19%
                Margaret R
                                     TY2025         32,500                 -               -               -                  -               -         11,882               44,382       27%
                Walker
                                     FY2025         65,000                 -               -               -                  -               -         15,000               80,000       19%
                Timothy
                                     TY2025         29,018             3,482               -               -                  -               -          6,747               39,247       17%
                Woodall
                                     FY2025         12,400                 -               -               -                  -               -           972                13,372       7%
                Executive
                Director
                James D
                                     TY2025       199,998                  -               -               -          45,938                  -        419,762             665,698        70%
                Calaway
                                     FY2025       462,000                  -               -               -          82,180                  -        340,591             885,271        48%
                Bernard Rowe         TY2025       194,285              9,827           2,675               -         100,362             3,207         874,757            1,185,113       82%
                                     FY2025       421,009             19,454           3,742               -         144,546             7,255         844,085            1,440,091       69%
                Executives
                Ian Bucknell 2       TY2025       156,202              8,712           3,111               -                  -        (31,338)      (382,047)            (245,360)      156%
                                     FY2025       298,209             19,454           4,081               -          66,438             4,962         571,535             964,679        66%
                April
                                     TY2025         12,710                 -               -               -              4,069               -                 -            16,779       24%
                Hashimoto 3
                Ken Coon 4, 5        TY2025         67,000                 -             549               -          19,070                  -         59,423             146,042        54%
                                     FY2025       200,833                  -           1,033         3,950            29,325                  -        309,602             544,243        62%
                                 4
                Yoshio Nagai         TY2025         70,998             3,990           2,058               -          19,910                  -         70,715             167,617        54%
                                     FY2025       212,298             11,490           4,116               -          30,905                  -        312,068             570,877        60%


                                                                                                               36
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                Chad Yeftich              TY2025               160,599             3,042             7,854                  -          40,660                  -           94,263            369,593         37%
                                          FY2025               291,067             8,070            15,869                  -          52,908                  -          398,909            766,823         59%
                Matt Weaver               TY2025               175,465             8,325             6,794                  -          66,706                  -          168,631            426,102         55%
                                          FY2025               331,683            16,584            14,145                  -          72,528                  -          669,894           1,104,834        67%
                Total                     TY2025             1,163,776            37,378            23,221                  -         296,715           (28,131)        1,351,199           2,844,158




For personal use only
                                          FY2025             2,477,099            75,052            42,985             3,950          478,830            12,217         3,539,336           6,624,304

                        (1)   Share based payment expense for the 2025 Transition Period (six months ended December 31, 2025).
                        (2)   Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary effective 4 December 2025. Amounts in brackets are the result of the reversal of accrued long service leave, and reversal of share-
                              based expense relating to forfeited performance rights that were reversed upon Ian Bucknell’s resignation.
                        (3)   April Hashimoto was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer on 6 November 2025 pursuant to a consulting contract by which she is paid based on an hourly rate and participates in STIP. The amount shown
                              as base pay reflects the amount invoiced under the consulting contract for the period that April Hashimoto was an executive KMP (4 December 2025 to 31 December 2025).
                        (4)   Ken Coon and Yoshio Nagai transitioned from full-time to part-time employment, effective 1 January 2025.
                        (5)   Non-monetary benefits relate to leased accommodation provided to Executive in Reno.




                                                                                                                                37
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            3.4.5             KMP shareholdings

            The movements in Share and other Equity Holdings for KMP are disclosed in the table below.




For personal use only
                                                                           Ordinary shares                                                      Performance rights                                   Options
                Name                                                                                                                                                                  Balance                      Balance
                                              Balance at                                                     Balance at            Balance at                        Balance at                        Net
                                                                Acquired         Disposed        Other                                              Net change                           at                           at
                                               30/06/25                                                       31/12/25              30/06/25                          31/12/25                       change
                                                                                                                                                                                      30/06/25                     31/12/25
                Non-Executive
                Directors
                Alan Davies                       5,026,259         887,890                  -           -      5,914,149              132,190           55,893          188,083       326,323       (326,323)                -
                Stephen Gardiner                   323,663                 -                 -           -       323,663               263,354        (263,354)                   -              -             -              -
                Rose McKinney-
                                                   670,070          132,190                  -           -       802,260               132,190           55,893          188,083                 -             -              -
                James
                Margaret R Walker                  750,070          405,310                  -           -      1,155,380              132,190           55,893          188,083                 -             -              -
                Timothy Woodall                      75,000         300,000                  -           -       375,000               200,000          188,083          388,083                 -             -              -
                Executive
                Directors
                James D Calaway                 58,995,110        4,600,759                  -           -    63,595,869             5,939,542        1,267,279        7,206,821       326,323       (326,323)                -
                Bernard Rowe                    69,609,147        9,197,048                  -           -    78,806,195            11,906,857        4,291,648       16,198,505                 -             -              -
                Executives
                Ian Bucknell 1                    6,300,766       3,144,310        (500,000)             -      8,945,076            7,703,997       (7,703,997)                  -              -             -              -
                                     2
                April Hashimoto                            -               -                 -           -                -                     -                -                -              -             -              -
                Ken Coon                          2,888,426       1,694,181        (770,338)             -      3,812,269            3,572,885          561,363        4,134,248                 -             -              -
                Yoshio Nagai                      4,398,099       1,449,162                  -           -      5,847,261            3,942,872        1,038,097        4,980,969                 -             -              -
                Matt Weaver                       7,314,594       3,682,025      (1,595,085)             -      9,401,534            8,883,109        2,392,201       11,275,310                 -             -              -
                Chad Yeftich                      2,761,885       1,613,788        (792,967)             -      3,582,706            4,634,991        1,842,103        6,477,094                 -             -              -

                Total                          159,113,089       27,106,663      (3,658,390)             -   182,561,362            47,444,177        3,781,102       51,225,279       652,646       (652,646)                -

                        (1)   Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary effective 4 December 2025.
                        (2)   April Hashimoto was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to a consulting contract effective 6 November 2025 and became an executive KMP on 4 December 2025.



            Equity vesting
            There are no options outstanding. The following table presents that all remaining options have lapsed. The option terms are set out in Note 18 of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                              38
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025


                                            Vesting                   Fair value   Exercise   Balance at   Options        Options        Options     Balance at    Financial
                Name          Grant Date                Expiry Date
                                             Date                      at grant     Price      30/06/25    Granted       Exercised       Lapsed       31/12/25    year to vest
                James D.
                              16/11/2020   16/11/2021   16/11/2025      0.138       0.185        326,323             -               -   (326,323)            -      2022
                Calaway
                Sub Total                                                                        326,323             -               -   (326,323)            -




For personal use only
                Alan Davies   16/11/2020   16/11/2021   16/11/2025      0.138       0.185        326,323             -               -   (326,323)            -      2022

                Sub Total                                                                        326,323             -               -   (326,323)            -

                Total                                                                            652,646             -               -   (652,646)            -




                                                                                                    39
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025



            The following table presents all PRs that have been granted, vested or lapsed during TY2025. The rights terms and additional
            details are set out in Note 18 of the financial statements.
                Name                            Grant Date     Vesting Date   Fair value   Rights        Rights        Rights          %
                Plan                           (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)     at grant    Granted       Vested        Lapsed        vested



                James D. Calaway
                2022 LTI - time based           11/4/2022       7/1/2025           0.570             -    (272,878)              -     100%
                2022 LTI - performance based    11/4/2022       7/1/2025           0.554             -      (73,677)    (335,640)       18%
                2024 STI - time based           11/1/2024       7/1/2025           0.280             -   (2,272,571)             -     100%
                In lieu of director fees        11/1/2024       11/1/2025          0.280             -    (185,066)              -     100%
                In lieu of director fees        11/5/2025       11/2/2026          0.185     263,316               -             -       0%




For personal use only
                2025 LTI – time based           11/6/2025       1/1/2029           0.185    1,101,410              -             -       0%
                2025 LTI - performance based    11/6/2025       1/1/2029           0.185    1,652,115              -             -       0%
                2025 STI – ROD bonus time
                                                11/6/2025       11/7/2025          0.185    1,796,567    (1,796,567)             -     100%
                based 1
                2025 STI - time based           11/6/2025       7/1/2026           0.185    1,390,270              -             -       0%
                Sub Total                                                                   6,203,678    (4,600,759)    (335,640)
                Alan Davies
                In lieu of director fees        11/1/2024       11/1/2025          0.280             -    (132,190)              -     100%
                In lieu of director fees        11/5/2025       11/2/2026          0.185     188,083               -             -       0%
                Sub Total                                                                    188,083      (132,190)              -
                                     2
                Stephen Gardiner
                Granted on employment           8/25/2022       8/25/2025          0.660             -    (182,916)       (13,617)      93%
                In lieu of director fees        11/1/2024       11/1/2025          0.280             -      (66,821)             -     100%
                Sub Total                                                                            -    (249,737)      (13,617)
                Rose McKinney-James
                In lieu of director fees        11/1/2024       11/1/2025          0.280             -    (132,190)              -     100%
                In lieu of director fees        11/5/2025       11/2/2026          0.185     188,083               -             -       0%
                Sub Total                                                                    188,083      (132,190)              -
                Margaret R Walker
                In lieu of director fees        11/1/2024       11/1/2025          0.280             -    (132,190)              -     100%
                In lieu of director fees        11/5/2025       11/2/2026          0.185     188,083               -             -       0%
                Sub Total                                                                    188,083      (132,190)              -
                Timothy Woodall
                In lieu of director fees        11/5/2025       11/2/2026          0.185     188,083               -             -       0%
                Sub Total                                                                    188,083               -             -
                               3
                Ian Bucknell
                2022 LTI - time based            7/1/2022       7/1/2025           0.425             -    (292,581)              -     100%
                2022 LTI - performance based     7/1/2022       7/1/2025           0.491             -     (78,997)     (359,874)       18%
                2023 LTI - time based            7/1/2023       7/1/2026           0.340             -             -    (419,206)        0%
                2023 LTI - performance based     7/1/2023       7/1/2026           0.340             -             -    (628,809)        0%
                2024 STI - time based            7/1/2024       7/1/2025           0.149             -   (1,717,742)             -     100%
                2024 LTI – time based            7/1/2024       7/1/2027           0.149             -             -    (989,382)        0%
                2024 LTI - performance based     7/1/2024       7/1/2027           0.149             -             -   (1,484,073)       0%
                Supplemental 2024 LTI            3/1/2025      2/28/2029           0.145             -             -    (866,666)        0%
                Supplemental 2024 LTI            3/1/2025      2/28/2029           0.145             -             -    (866,667)        0%
                2025 LTI – time based           8/28/2025       1/1/2029           0.115    1,770,687              -   (1,770,687)       0%
                2025 LTI - performance based    8/28/2025       1/1/2029           0.115    2,656,031              -   (2,656,031)       0%
                                                                              40
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                2025 STI - time based                      8/28/2025           9/1/2025             0.115         1,054,990       (1,054,990)                 -       100%
                Sub Total                                                                                         5,481,708       (3,144,310)     (10,041,395)
                Ken Coon
                2022 LTI - time based                       7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.000                  -        (151,599)                 -       100%
                2022 LTI - performance based                7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.491                  -         (40,932)        (186,466)         18%
                2024 STI - time based                       7/1/2024           7/1/2025             0.149                  -      (1,027,493)                 -       100%
                2025 LTI – time based                      8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115           787,141                  -                -            0%
                2025 LTI - performance based               8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         1,180,712                  -                -            0%
                2025 STI - time based                      8/28/2025           9/1/2025             0.115           474,157         (474,157)                 -       100%
                Sub Total                                                                                         2,442,010       (1,694,181)        (186,466)
                Yoshio Nagai
                2022 LTI - time based                       7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.425                  -        (160,695)                 -       100%
                2022 LTI - performance based                7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.491                  -         (43,388)        (197,654)         18%




For personal use only
                2024 STI - time based                       7/1/2024           7/1/2025             0.149                  -      (1,245,079)                 -       100%
                2025 LTI – time based                      8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115           834,135                  -                -            0%
                2025 LTI - performance based               8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         1,251,202                  -                -            0%
                2025 STI - time based                      8/28/2025           7/1/2026             0.115           599,576                  -                -            0%
                Sub Total                                                                                         2,684,913       (1,449,162)        (197,654)
                Bernard Rowe
                2022 LTI - time based                      11/4/2022           7/1/2025             0.570                  -        (560,084)                 -       100%
                2022 LTI - performance based               11/4/2022           7/1/2025             0.554                  -        (151,223)        (688,902)         18%
                2024 STI - time based                       7/1/2024           7/1/2025             0.280                  -      (3,806,452)                 -       100%
                2025 LTI – time based                      11/6/2025           1/1/2029             0.185         3,377,320                  -                             0%
                2025 LTI - performance based               11/6/2025           1/1/2029             0.185         5,065,979                  -                -            0%
                2025 STI – ROD bonus time
                                                           11/6/2025           11/7/2025            0.185         4,379,289       (4,379,289)                 -       100%
                based 1
                2025 STI - time based                      11/6/2025           7/1/2026             0.185         1,055,010                                                0%
                Sub Total                                                                                        13,877,598       (8,897,048)        (688,902)
                Chad Yeftich
                2022 LTI - time based                       7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.615                  -        (204,658)                 -       100%
                2022 LTI - performance based                7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.709                  -         (55,258)        (251,729)         18%
                2024 STI - time based                       7/1/2024           7/1/2025             0.149                  -      (1,353,872)                 -       100%
                2025 LTI – time based                      8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         1,072,039                  -                -            0%
                2025 LTI - performance based               8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         1,608,059                  -                -            0%
                2025 STI - time based                      8/28/2025           7/1/2026             0.115         1,027,522                  -                -            0%
                Sub Total                                                                                         3,707,620       (1,613,788)        (251,729)
                Matt Weaver
                2022 LTI - time based                       7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.425                  -        (323,663)                 -       100%
                2022 LTI - performance based                7/1/2022           7/1/2025             0.491                  -         (87,389)        (398,106)         18%
                2024 STI - time based                       7/1/2024           7/1/2025             0.149                  -      (1,994,544)                 -       100%
                2025 LTI – time based                      8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         2,078,361                  -                -            0%
                2025 LTI - performance based               8/28/2025           1/1/2029             0.115         3,117,542                  -                -            0%
                2025 STI - time based                      8/28/2025           9/1/2025             0.115         1,198,869       (1,198,869)                 -       100%
                Sub Total                                                                                         6,394,772       (3,604,465)        (398,106)
                Total                                                                                            41,544,631      (25,650,020)     (12,113,509)


                        (1)   ROD bonuses are a one-off time-based grant issued upon achievement of a positive Record of Decision in FY2025, with a one-day vesting
                              period, approved at the 31 October 2025 Annual General Meeting.
                        (2)   Stephen Gardiner retired from the Board effective 5 May 2025.
                        (3)   Ian Bucknell resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary effective 4 December 2025. No pro-rata incentives were paid and all
                              incentives lapsed.

                                                                                               41
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            3.5         Key terms of executive KMP employment contracts
            3.5.1 Notice and termination payments
            The following table sets out for the contractual provisions for current executive KMP.
                                                                                                                                Treatment
                                                                                         Termination
                                                         Notice           Notice                      Treatment                     of
                                        Contract                                          Payment
                           Position                     Period for       Period for                   of STI on                 unvested
                                         Type                                            for Change
                                                        Company          Employee                    termination                  LTI on
                                                                                          of control
                                                                                                                               termination

                                                                                                             Pro-rata for
                           Executive                                                                         time served
                                       12 months          1 month         1 month               Nil                               Lapses
                           chair                                                                                  as
                                                                                                               executive
                                                                                                             Pro-rata for
                           Managing    Open term




For personal use only
                                                         6 months         6 months         12 months             good             Lapses
                           Director    agreement
                                                                                                               leavers
                                                                                                             Pro-rata for
                           Executive   Open term
                                                         6 Months         3 Months         12 months             good             Lapses
                           KMP1        agreement
                                                                                                               leavers
                           Interim     Fixed term                                                                Not               Not
                                                          90 Days         90 Days               Nil
                           CFO1        agreement                                                              applicable        applicable
            1
             Executive KMP includes the Interim CFO who was appointed on 6 November 2025 and became an executive KPM on 4 December 202 pursuant to a
            Consulting Agreement with the Company that has a fixed term ending on 31 July 2026. The former CFO, who was an employee of Ioneer, departed the
            Company on 4 December 2025.

            Termination payments are calculated based upon base salary at the date of termination. No payment is made for termination
            due to gross misconduct.

            3.5.2 Executive Directors’ employment agreements
            The following summarizes the terms of the contract with the Executive chair

                Feature                   Approach

                                          Expected to continue until a Final Investment Decision (FID) has
                Term
                                          been accomplished. The FID is expected to be achieved in FY2026.
                                          US$250,000 per annum, effective 4 January 2025. This is in addition
                Base Salary               to the existing non-executive chair remuneration of US$185,000.
                                          Base salary does not include pension and non-cash benefits.
                                          The executive chair is eligible for a target bonus that is 60% of base
                STI                       salary. Maximum STI is 200% of target (120% of base salary).
                                          Further details are discussed in section 4.3.2.




                                                                                  42
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                Feature               Approach
                                      The executive chair is eligible for an equity grant at 60% of base
                                      salary in the form of PRs.
                                      60% of the PRs will be performance based. 40% of the PRs will be
                                      time based. As the executive chair’s contract is defined in U.S.
                                      dollars, the number of PRs awarded is calculated using a 10-day
                                      VWAP up to and including the last day of the performance period
                Equity Grants         and the closing exchange rate as at the last day of the performance
                                      period.
                                      Performance based awards may range from 0 to 200% of grant
                                      based upon achievement of pre-established targets. Maximum
                                      performance-based PRs is 72% of base salary. Time based PRs is
                                      24% of base salary.




For personal use only
                                      Further details are discussed in section 4.3.3.
                                      Either party may terminate the contract with one month’s notice. The
                Termination           Company may also terminate the contract without notice in
                                      circumstances such as material breach or serious misconduct.




            The following summarizes the terms of the contract with the Managing Director:

                Feature               Approach

                Term                  Open term agreement
                                      AU$585,000 per annum.
                Base Salary
                                      Base salary does not include superannuation and non-cash benefits.
                                      The MD is eligible for a target bonus that is 80% of base salary.
                STI                   Maximum STI is 200% of target (160% of base salary).
                                      Further details are discussed in section 4.3.2.
                                      The MD is eligible for an equity grant at 120% of base salary in the
                                      form of PRs.
                                      60% of the PRs will be performance based. 40% of the PRs will be
                                      time based.
                Equity Grants         Performance based awards may range from 0 to 200% of grant
                                      based upon achievement of pre-established targets. Maximum
                                      performance-based PRs is 144% of base salary. Time based PRs is
                                      48% of base salary.
                                      Further details are discussed in section 4.3.3.
                                      By executive: 6 months’ notice
                Termination
                                      By company: 6 months’ notice


            The following summarizes the terms of the contract with the other executive KMPs (except the Interim CFO):




                                                                        43
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                Feature           Approach

                                  Senior vice president engineering & operations
                                  Vice president human resources
                Executive KMP
                                  Vice president commercial sales & marketing
                                  Vice president corporate development & external affairs
                Term              Open-term agreements
                                  See section 4.3.1.
                Base Salary
                                  Base salary does not include superannuation and non-cash benefits.
                                  For TY2025, the:
                                        Senior vice president engineering & operations is eligible for
                                         a target bonus that is 50% of base salary. Maximum STI is
                                         200% of target (100% of base salary).




For personal use only
                                        Vice president human resources is eligible for a target bonus
                                         that is 40% of base salary. Maximum STI is 200% of target
                                         (80% of base salary).
                STI                     Vice president commercial sales & marketing is eligible for a
                                         target bonus that is 40% of base salary. Maximum STI is
                                         200% of target (80% of base salary).
                                        Vice president commercial corporate development & external
                                         affairs is eligible for a target bonus that is 40% of base salary.
                                         Maximum STI is 200% of target of target (80% of base
                                         salary).
                                  Further details are discussed in section 4.3.2.
                                  LTIP is comprised of two components, 60% of the PRs are
                                  performance based and 40% of the PRs are time based.
                                  Performance-based awards may range from 0 to 200% of grant
                                  based upon achievement of pre-established targets.
                                  LTIP targets are as follows:
                                        Senior vice president engineering & operations is eligible for
                                         an equity grant at 85% of base salary in the form of PRs.
                                         Maximum performance-based PRs is 102% of base salary.
                                         Time based PRs is 34% of base salary.
                                        Vice president human resources is eligible for an equity grant
                                         at 40% of base salary in the form of PRs. Maximum
                Equity Grants
                                         performance-based PRs is 48% of base salary. Time based
                                         PRs is 16% of base salary.
                                        Vice president commercial sales & marketing is eligible for
                                         an equity grant at 40% of base salary in the form of PRs.
                                         Maximum performance-based PRs is 48% of base salary.
                                         Time based PRs is 16% of base salary.
                                        Vice president commercial corporate development & external
                                         affairs is eligible for an equity grant at 50% of base salary in
                                         the form of PRs. Maximum performance-based PRs is 60%
                                         of base salary. Time based PRs is 20% of base salary.
                                  Further details are discussed in section 4.3.3.


                                                                   44
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                Feature           Approach
                                  By executive: 3 months’ notice
                Termination
                                  By company: 6 months’ notice




For personal use only




                                                                   45
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

            4.          Non-executive Director remuneration policy
            4.1         Remuneration Policy
            Remuneration for Non-executive Directors (NEDs) is subject to the aggregate limit of A$1,000,000 per annum which was set
            by shareholders at the 2017 Annual Meeting. This includes superannuation and other retirement benefits and does not include
            any payments made to the executive chair for his role as an executive.

            Fees for Non-executive Directors are fixed and are not linked to the financial performance of the Company. In addition to
            Board and Committee fees, Non-executive Directors are entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable travel, accommodation
            and other expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board, Committees, or shareholders or while engaged on Ioneer
            business.

            The following table sets out the Board fee structure effective 1 July 2024. The fees do not include superannuation or other
            retirement benefits.

                                                                       Chair                    Member




For personal use only
                                                                Cash           Equity       Cash       Equity
                Board                                          $150,000        $35,000      $60,000      $25,000
                Audit & Risk committee                           $5,000                 -          -            -
                Remuneration committee                           $5,000                 -          -            -
                Projection Execution committee                   $5,000                 -          -            -
                Environmental, Health, Safety and
                                                                 $5,000                 -          -            -
                Sustainability committee


            4.2         NED equity
            As shown in the above table, a portion of the NED fees are paid in the form of time-based performance rights. The following
            table presents the terms of the NED equity arrangement.


                              Feature                Approach

                              Purpose                Issued in lieu of paying remuneration in cash.
                              Participants           The executive chair and NEDs.
                              Instruments issued     Time-based Performance Rights (PRs).
                              Allocation value       10-day VWAP up to the AGM.
                                                     Executive chair: US$35,000 (18.9% of total non-executive chair
                              Value of PRs to be     fees).
                              granted
                                                     NEDs: US$25,000 (27.8% of total NED fees).
                              Vesting Date           1 year from date of approval.
                                                     PRs are issued by the company and held by the participant subject
                                                     to the satisfaction of the time requirement. The number of PRs held
                              Acquisition of PRs     may be adjusted pro-rata, consistent with ASX adjustment factors for
                              and shares             any capital restructure.
                                                     If the PRs vest, NEDs receive newly issued shares.
                              Treatment of
                              dividends and voting   PRs do not have voting rights or provide dividend payments.
                              rights
                              Equity Incentive
                              Plan and/or            N/A
                              clawback

                                                                          46
            ioneer Limited
            Remuneration report
            31 December 2025

                        Feature          Approach
                        Restriction on
                                         Hedging of PRs by NEDs is not permitted.
                        hedging
                        Treatment on
                                         Some or all of the grants may remain on foot.
                        termination




For personal use only




                                                              47
            ioneer Limited
            Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
            For the period ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                               6 months        12 months
                                                                                                                 ended           ended
                                                                                                      Note     31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                 $'000            $'000

            Revenue
            Interest revenue calculated using the effective interest method                                            328              653

            Expenses
            Employee benefits expense                                                                               (2,721)           (6,372)
            Impairment of assets                                                                                         -               (37)
            Other expenses                                                                                          (1,645)           (3,787)
            Finance costs                                                                                              (32)              (11)

            Loss before income tax expense                                                                          (4,070)           (9,554)

            Income tax expense                                                                          5                  -               -




For personal use only
            Loss after income tax expense for the period attributable to the owners of
            ioneer Limited                                                                             20           (4,070)           (9,554)

            Other comprehensive income

            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
            Foreign currency translation                                                                               207             (269)

            Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                      207             (269)

            Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to the owners of ioneer
            Limited                                                                                                 (3,863)           (9,823)

                                                                                                                 Cents          Cents

            Basic earnings per share                                                                   25            (0.17)            (0.41)
            Diluted earnings per share                                                                 25            (0.17)            (0.41)




                        The above statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                                                                     accompanying notes
                                                                            48
            ioneer Limited
            Statement of financial position
            As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                    Note     31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                               $'000          $'000

            Assets

            Current assets
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 6           17,863         25,059
            Receivables                                                                               8              508            208
            Total current assets                                                                                  18,371         25,267

            Non-current assets
            Receivables                                                                               9             289             289
            Property, plant and equipment                                                            10             335             289
            Right-of-use assets                                                                      11             266             334
            Exploration and evaluation                                                               12         209,009         203,110
            Other                                                                                    13           4,273           4,252
            Total non-current assets                                                                            214,172         208,274




For personal use only
            Total assets                                                                                        232,543         233,541

            Liabilities

            Current liabilities
            Payables                                                                                 14            1,686          2,408
            Lease liabilities                                                                        15              151            106
            Provisions                                                                               16              303            462
            Total current liabilities                                                                              2,140          2,976

            Non-current liabilities
            Lease liabilities                                                                        17              184           267
            Total non-current liabilities                                                                            184           267

            Total liabilities                                                                                      2,324          3,243

            Net assets                                                                                          230,219         230,298

            Equity
            Issued capital                                                                           18         309,498         302,651
            Reserves                                                                                 19          (5,303)         (2,447)
            Accumulated losses                                                                       20         (73,976)        (69,906)

            Total equity                                                                                        230,219         230,298




                          The above statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                          49
            ioneer Limited
            Statement of changes in equity
            For the period ended 31 December 2025


                                                                               Foreign
                                                                              currency            Equity
                                                              Issued         translation       compensation Accumulated
                                                              capital          reserve           reserve       losses   Total equity
                                                               $'000            $'000             $'000         $'000      $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                              281,671          (12,761)             9,663      (60,352)    218,221

            Loss after income tax expense for the period                -              -                  -       (9,554)     (9,554)
            Foreign currency exchange differences                       -           (269)                 -            -        (269)

            Total comprehensive income for the period                   -           (269)                 -       (9,554)     (9,823)

            Share issue from capital raise                       16,412                    -              -            -      16,412
            Fair value of performance rights vested               5,186                    -         (5,186)           -           -
            Share issue costs from capital raise                   (618)                   -              -            -        (618)




For personal use only
            Share-based payments expensed/capitalised                 -                    -          6,106            -       6,106

            Balance at 30 June 2025                             302,651          (13,030)            10,583      (69,906)    230,298


                                                                               Foreign
                                                                              currency            Equity
                                                              Issued         translation       compensation Accumulated
                                                              capital          reserve           reserve       losses   Total equity
                                                               $'000            $'000             $'000         $'000      $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2025                              302,651          (13,030)            10,583      (69,906)    230,298

            Loss after income tax expense for the period                -              -                  -       (4,070)     (4,070)
            Foreign currency translation differences                    -            207                  -            -         207

            Total comprehensive income for the period                   -            207                  -       (4,070)     (3,863)

            Share issued from capital raise                        2,176                   -              -            -       2,176
            Share issue costs from capital raise                     (99)                  -              -            -         (99)
            Fair value of performance rights vested                4,770                   -         (4,770)           -           -
            Share-based payments expensed/capitalised                  -                   -          1,707            -       1,707

            Balance at 31 December 2025                         309,498          (12,823)             7,520      (73,976)    230,219




                        The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                        50
            ioneer Limited
            Statement of cash flows
            For the period ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                         6 months        12 months
                                                                                                           ended           ended
                                                                                                Note     31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                           $'000            $'000

            Cash flows from operating activities
            Payments to suppliers and employees                                                               (3,069)        (6,805)

            Net cash used in operating activities                                                 7           (3,069)        (6,805)

            Cash flows from investing activities
            Payments for plant and equipment                                                      10              (9)             -
            Expenditure on exploration and evaluation                                             12          (6,629)       (14,510)
            Interest received                                                                                    309            680

            Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (6,329)       (13,830)




For personal use only
            Cash flows from financing activities
            Proceeds from issue of shares                                                         18           2,176         16,412
            Repayment of borrowings                                                                                -         (1,200)
            Transaction costs related to issues of equity securities                                             (99)          (618)
            Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                       (95)          (140)
            Payment for establishment of loan                                                                      -         (4,252)

            Net cash from financing activities                                                                 1,982         10,202

            Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                         (7,416)       (10,433)
            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                          25,059         35,715
            Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        220           (223)

            Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                    6           17,863         25,059




                           The above statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
                                                                       51
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 1. Basis of preparation and Material accounting policies

            1.1 Corporate information
            The consolidated financial statements of Ioneer Ltd (the Company or parent) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) for
            six months ended 31 December 2025 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 18 March
            2026.

            The Group is a for-profit company limited by shares and incorporated in Australia whose shares are publicly traded on the
            Australian Securities Exchange under the ticker code "INR" and on Nasdaq under the ticker code "IONR". The registered
            office of the Company is suite 16.01, 213 Miller Street, North Sydney, NSW 2060 Australia.

            The Group is principally engaged in the development of the Rhyolite Ridge lithium-boron deposit in the state of Nevada, United
            States of America. Further information about the nature of the Group's operations and activities is provided in the Directors'
            Report. Information on the group structure is set out in Note 29 of this report and information on other related party disclosures
            of the Group is provided in Note 32.

            1.2 Basis of preparation




For personal use only
            These consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
            Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board ('AASB') and the Corporations Act 2001,
            as appropriate for for-profit oriented entities. These financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
            Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB'), including new or amended accounting
            standards effective for reporting periods beginning 1 July 2025.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis. The consolidated financial statements
            are presented in USD, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (‘$000), except where otherwise indicated. The
            Group has prepared the financial statements on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going concern.

            The consolidated financial statements provide comparative information in respect of the previous period.

            1.3 Change in fiscal year
            On September 25, 2025, the Board of Directors approved a change in the Company’s financial year end from 30 June to 31
            December to better align the accounting reporting period with its subsidiaries in the United States of America, where the bulk
            of the group’s business operations are located. This financial report is presented for the 6-month transition period from 1 July
            2025 to 31 December 2025 with the comparative reporting period being the 12 months ended 30 June 2025. Hence, the
            amounts presented in the financial statements are not entirely comparable.

            1.4 New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations
            The Group has adopted all of the new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
            Accounting Standards Board ('AASB') that are mandatory for the current reporting period.

            Any new or amended Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not yet mandatory have not been early adopted.

            The adoption of these Accounting Standards and Interpretations did not have any significant impact on the financial
            performance or position of the Group.

            The following standards and interpretations that have recently been issued but are not yet mandatory, have not been early
            adopted by the Group for the six months ended 31 December 2025. The Group's management have yet to assess the impact
            of these new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations, which are most relevant to the Group are set out below:

            AASB 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

            AASB 18 replaces AASB 101 as the standard describing the primary financial statements and sets out the requirements for
            the presentation and disclosure of information in AASB-compliant financial statements. Amongst other changes, it introduces
            the concept of 'management-defined performance measure' to financial statements and requires the classification of
            transactions presented within the statement of profit or loss within one of five categories - operating, investing, financing,
            income taxes and discontinued operations. It also provides enhanced requirements for the aggregation and disaggregation of
            information.




                                                                            52
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 1. Basis of preparation and Material accounting policies (continued)

            AASB 7 and AASB 9 – Financial Instruments

            The amendments to AASB 7 and AASB 9 clarify that a financial liability is derecognised on settlement date, i.e. when the
            related obligation is discharged, cancelled, expires or the liability otherwise disqualifies for recognition. It also clarifies how to
            assess contractual cash flow characteristics.

            The Group is currently assessing the impact the amendments will have on current practice.

            1.5 Basis of consolidation
            Controlled entities
            The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 30 June
            2025. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
            and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if,
            and only if, the Group has:




For personal use only
            ●           Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee)
            ●           Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
            ●           The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns

            Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this presumption and when the
            Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
            circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

            ●           The contractual arrangement(s) with the other vote holders of the investee
            ●           Rights arising from other contractual arrangements
            ●           The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights

            There has been no change in the control of any subsidiaries during the financial period. All subsidiaries are 100% owned by
            the Company (30 June 2025: 100%).

            Transactions eliminated on consolidation

            All intercompany balances and transactions, including unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions, have been
            eliminated in full.

            Accounting policies

            The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company, using consistent
            accounting policies.

            1.6 Current and non-current classification
            The Group presents assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position based on current and non-current classification.

            An asset is classified as current when: it is either expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the Group's
            normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is expected to be realised within 12 months after the
            reporting period; or the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for
            at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other assets are classified as non-current.

            A liability is classified as current when: it is either expected to be settled in the Group's normal operating cycle; it is held
            primarily for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or there is no right to
            defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-
            current.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as non-current assets and liabilities.




                                                                                     53
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 1. Basis of preparation and Material accounting policies (continued)

            1.7 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
            The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with Australian Accounting Standards has required management
            to make judgements, estimates and assumptions which impact the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and
            liabilities, income and expenses. These estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical knowledge and various
            other factors that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstance. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed regularly and revisions to accounting estimates are reviewed in the period
            in which the estimate is revised. The most significant estimates and assumptions are based on historical knowledge and
            various other factors that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstance. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            Exploration and evaluation assets

            The Group's policy for exploration and evaluation expenditure is set out in Note 12. The application of this policy requires
            certain judgements and assumptions as to the future events and circumstances, in particular the assessment of whether
            economic quantities of reserves will be found. Any such judgements and assumptions may change as new information




For personal use only
            becomes available. If, after capitalisation of expenditure under the policy, there are indicators that the capitalised expenditure
            will not be recovered by future exploitation or sale, then an impairment test is performed and the relevant amount will be
            written off in the statement of profit and loss. Changes in judgements and assumptions may result in a material adjustment to
            the carrying amount of exploration and evaluation assets.

            Share-based payment transactions

            The Group measure the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity
            instruments at the date on which they are granted.

            1.8 Foreign currency transactions and balances
            Functional and presentation currency
            The functional currency of each of the Group's entities is measured using the currency of the primary economic environment
            in which that entity operates.

            The functional currency of the entities in the Group is predominately US Dollars, with the exception of Ioneer Ltd which has a
            functional currency of Australian Dollars.

            Transactions and balances

            Foreign currency transactions are translated at the foreign exchange rate at the date of transaction. Monetary assets and
            liabilities denominated in a foreign currency at the end of the reporting period are translated at the year-end exchange rate.
            Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

            Non-monetary items measured at historical cost continue to be carried at the exchange rate at the date of transaction.
            Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in other comprehensive income
            to the extent that the underlying gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income; otherwise, the exchange difference
            is recognised in the profit and loss.

            Presentation of foreign exchange gains or losses in the statement of profit or loss

            The Group presents its foreign exchange gains and losses within net financing income/(costs) in the statement of profit and
            loss.

            Borrowings

            Loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, net of transaction costs. They are
            subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The transaction costs that are incurred in
            advance of the loan and borrowings are deferred and recognised as other receivables. These costs will be subsequently
            accounted for as part of the amortised cost of the borrowings.




                                                                            54
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 1. Basis of preparation and Material accounting policies (continued)

            Finance costs

            Finance costs attributable to qualifying assets are capitalised as part of the asset. All other finance costs are expensed in the
            period in which they are incurred.

            1.9 Going concern
            The Directors believe that the going concern basis is appropriate for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements,
            notwithstanding continued losses and no ongoing revenue stream, with the Group having a strong fund-raising track record.

            After completing a financing in February 2026 raising gross proceeds of A$72 million (~US$50 million) through the issuance
            of 400,000,000 new fully paid ordinary shares, the Group has sufficient cash reserves to support the going concern position
            and will continue to advance the strategic partnership process to raise additional required project funding.

            Note 2. Operating segments




For personal use only
            2.1 Operating Segments
            An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
            incur expenses; including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other components. An
            operating segment's operating results are reviewed regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to make
            decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial
            information is available. The Managing Director is considered to be the CODM and is empowered by the Board to allocate
            resources and assess the performance of the Group.

            Segment results that are reported to the CODM include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
            allocated on a reasonable basis.

            Description of segments

            The Company operates predominantly as a mineral exploration and development company. The operating segments are
            based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director for assessing performance and determining the allocation of
            resources and strategic decision making within the Group.

            North America            Represents activity in the US primarily in relation to Rhyolite Ridge and the Reno office.
            Australia                Represents head office expenditure, including ASX listing costs, employee benefits, exchange
                                     gains and losses and corporate assets (predominantly cash).

                                                  North           North
                                                 America         America        Australia        Australia         Total          Total
                                                6 months        12 months       6 months        12 months       6 months       12 months
                                                  ended           ended           ended           ended           ended          ended
                                                31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25       31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25       31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25

            Exploration and evaluation
            expenditure - non-core                         -             (37)              -              -               -             (37)
            Other expenses                              (741)         (1,899)           (904)        (1,888)         (1,645)         (3,787)
            Reportable segment profit/loss              (741)         (1,936)           (904)        (1,888)         (1,645)         (3,824)

            Employee benefits and other
            expenses                                    (964)         (2,680)         (1,757)        (3,692)         (2,721)         (6,372)
            Net financing (expense)/income            (1,996)         (3,173)          2,292          3,815             296             642

            Loss before income tax                    (3,701)         (7,789)           (369)        (1,765)         (4,070)         (9,554)




                                                                           55
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 2. Operating segments (continued)

            Segment assets
            Exploration assets                      209,009    203,110              -         -       209,009         203,110
            Other assets                             12,683      9,443         10,851    20,988        23,534          30,431
            Total assets                            221,692    212,553         10,851    20,988       232,543         233,541

            Segment liabilities
            Payables                                 (1,416)     (2,124)         (421)     (390)       (1,837)         (2,514)
            Provisions                                 (105)       (165)         (198)     (297)         (303)           (462)
            Total current liabilities                (1,521)     (2,289)         (619)     (687)       (2,140)         (2,976)

            Payables                                   (107)       (267)          (77)        -          (184)           (267)
            Total non-current liabilities              (107)       (267)          (77)        -          (184)           (267)

            Net assets                              220,064    209,997         10,155    20,301       230,219         230,298




For personal use only
            Major customers
            This Company has no major customers and nil revenues (30 June 2025: nil)

            Note 3. Expenses

                                                                                                   6 months        12 months
                                                                                                     ended           ended
                                                                                                   31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                     $'000            $'000

            Impairment
            Exploration expenditure written off                                                                -          (37)

                                                                                                   6 months        12 months
                                                                                                     ended           ended
                                                                                                   31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                     $'000            $'000

            Other expenses
            General and administration expenses                                                          822            1,877
            Consulting and professional costs                                                            646            1,633
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                177              277

            Total other expenses                                                                        1,645           3,787

            Note 4. Net finance income

                                                                                                   6 months        12 months
                                                                                                     ended           ended
                                                                                                   31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                     $'000            $'000

            Interest income from external parties                                                        309             608
            Net foreign exchange gain                                                                     19              45
            Finance income                                                                               328             653

            Bank charges                                                                                  (24)             (9)
            Lease interest                                                                                 (8)             (2)
            Finance costs                                                                                 (32)            (11)

            Net finance income                                                                           296             642




                                                                      56
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 5. Income tax expense

                                                                                                             6 months        12 months
                                                                                                               ended           ended
                                                                                                             31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                               $'000            $'000

            Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense and tax at the statutory rate
            Loss before income tax expense                                                                       (4,070)         (9,554)

            Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                                 (1,221)         (2,866)

            Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
               Differences in tax rates                                                                            129              273
               Non-deductible expenses                                                                             337            1,162
               Foreign exchange and other translation adjustments                                                   81              (38)
               Additional tax-deductible expenditure                                                               (25)              (4)




For personal use only
               Unrecognised tax losses relating to current period                                                  699            1,473

            Income tax expense                                                                                           -               -

            No provision for income tax is considered necessary in respect of the Company for the six months ended 31 December 2025.
            No recognition has been given to any future income tax benefit which may arise from operating losses not claimed for tax
            purposes (30 June 2025: nil). The Group has estimated tax loss positions across the Group as follows:

                                                                                                             31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                               $'000           $'000

            Deferred tax relates to the following:
            Foreign exchange gain/loss                                                                           (1,326)         (1,406)
            Losses available for offsetting against future taxable income                                         1,326           1,406

            Net deferred tax asset                                                                                       -               -

            The Group has tax losses for which no deferred tax assets has been recognised on the Statement of Financial Position that
            amounted to $44.8 million (30 June 2025: $45.9 million).

                                                                                                             31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                               $'000           $'000

            Total tax losses                                                                                     49,227          50,563
            Tax losses utilised                                                                                  (4,419)         (4,688)

                                                                                                                 44,808          45,875

                                                                                                   Jurisdiction
                                                                                 Australia     USA           Canada            Total
            Revenue losses                                                        $'000        $'000          $'000            $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2025                                                   11,707        29,046          327           41,080
            Movement during the period                                                 (879)         (175)          (5)          (1,059)

            Balance at 31 December 2025                                              10,828        28,871          322           40,021




                                                                            57
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 5. Income tax expense (continued)

                                                                                                               Jurisdiction
                                                                                        Australia          USA           Canada            Total
            Capital losses                                                               $'000             $'000          $'000            $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2025                                                            4,795                 -               -          4,795
            Movement during the period                                                           (8)                -               -             (8)

            Balance at 31 December 2025                                                       4,787                 -               -          4,787

            Total revenue and capital losses not recognised                                  15,615          28,871              322         44,808

            These amounts will only be obtained if:

            ●           the Company and Controlled Entities derive future assessable income of a nature and of an amount sufficient to enable
                        the benefit from the deductions for the losses to be realised.




For personal use only
            ●           the Company and Controlled Entities continue to comply with the conditions for deductibility imposed by the law, and
            ●           no changes in tax legislation adversely affect the Company and Controlled Entities in realising the benefit from the
                        deductions for the losses, i.e. current tax legislation permits carried forward tax losses to be carried forward indefinitely.
            ●           the accumulated tax losses in Australia may be carried forward and offset against taxable income in the future for an
                        indefinite period, subject to meeting Australian tax rules around continuity of ownership or business continuity test.
            ●           the accumulated tax losses in the USA can be carried forward and used to offset future taxable income for a period of 20
                        years from the year in which the losses were incurred, and losses will start to expire from the year 2027 onwards.

            Ioneer Ltd is not part of an Australian tax-consolidated group. Current and deferred tax amounts (if any) are measured as a
            stand-alone taxpayer. There are no tax funding arrangements or tax sharing agreements in place.

            The Group has additional tax value embedded in the Rhyolite Ridge exploration asset. Future deductibility is expected against
            anticipated assessable income from the Project once in production.

            Note 6. Current assets - cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                                        31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                          $'000           $'000

            Cash at bank                                                                                                     10,843          21,001
            Cash on deposit                                                                                                   7,020           4,058

                                                                                                                             17,863          25,059

            Cash and short-term deposits in the statement of financial position comprise cash at bank and on hand and short term highly
            liquid deposits with a maturity of three months or less, that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and subject to
            an insignificant risk of changes in value.




                                                                                   58
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 7. Reconciliation of loss after income tax to net cash used in operating activities

                                                                                                           6 months       12 months
                                                                                                             ended          ended
                                                                                                           31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                             $'000           $'000

            Loss after income tax expense for the period                                                        (4,070)        (9,554)

            Adjustments for:
            Depreciation                                                                                           177            277
            Exploration expenditure written off                                                                      -             37
            Share-based payments                                                                                 1,102          3,164
            Net foreign exchange differences - unrealised                                                          (19)           (45)
            Interest income                                                                                       (308)          (681)
            Interest expense                                                                                         8             26
            Interest paid                                                                                            -            (17)




For personal use only
            Change in operating assets and liabilities:
              Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                                                  (409)           127
              Increase/(decrease) in provision for employee benefits                                              (158)            34
              Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable                                                              608           (173)

            Net cash used in operating activities                                                               (3,069)        (6,805)

            Note 8. Current assets - receivables

                                                                                                           31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                             $'000          $'000

            Other debtors                                                                                          160            143
            Prepayments                                                                                            348             65

            Total current receivables                                                                              508            208

            Receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
            rate method less provision for impairment. Impairment losses, if any, are recognised in the profit and loss.

            Note 9. Non-current assets - receivables

                                                                                                           31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                             $'000          $'000

            Other debtors                                                                                          289            289

            Non-current other debtors represent security deposits.




                                                                        59
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 10. Non-current assets - property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                            31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                              $'000           $'000

            Leasehold improvements - at cost                                                                          88                -
            Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                            (3)               -
                                                                                                                      85                -

            Plant and equipment - at cost                                                                            626            606
            Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                          (376)          (317)
                                                                                                                     250            289

                                                                                                                     335              289

            Reconciliations
            Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current period-end and previous financial year are




For personal use only
            set out below:

                                                                                          Leasehold         Plant and
                                                                                        improvements       equipment          Total
                                                                                            $'000             $'000           $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                                    -             406             406
            Depreciation expense                                                                      -            (117)           (117)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                   -             289               289
            Additions                                                                                 -              20                20
            Transfers in/(out)                                                                       88               -                88
            Depreciation expense                                                                     (3)            (59)              (62)

            Balance at 31 December 2025                                                              85             250               335

            Plant and equipment assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value. Depreciation is
            calculated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset being between 1-4 years.

            An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item) is included in the
            statement of profit and loss in the period the item is derecognised.

            The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial
            year end adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication
            that an asset may be impaired. Where an indicator of impairment exists, the Group makes a formal estimate of the recoverable
            amount. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is
            written down to its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.

            Note 11. Non-current assets - right-of-use assets

                                                                                                            31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                              $'000           $'000

            Plant and equipment - right-of-use                                                                       755            755
            Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                          (489)          (421)

                                                                                                                     266              334




                                                                         60
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 11. Non-current assets - right-of-use assets (continued)

            Reconciliations
            Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current period-end and previous financial year are
            set out below:

                                                                                                                                   Plant and
                                                                                                                                 equipment -
                                                                                                                                 right-of-use
                                                                                                                                     $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                                                                         71
            Additions                                                                                                                     423
            Depreciation expense                                                                                                         (160)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                                                       334
            Depreciation expense                                                                                                          (68)




For personal use only
            Balance at 31 December 2025                                                                                                   266

            The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is
            available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
            adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
            recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before commencement date less any less incentives
            received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the
            recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful life and the
            lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment. The current lease terms range between 1-4 years (30 June 2025:
            1-4 years).

            Note 12. Non-current assets - exploration and evaluation

            Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred by or on behalf of the Group is accumulated separately for each area of
            interest. Such expenditure comprises net direct costs and an appropriate portion of related overhead expenditure but does
            not include general overheads or administrative expenditure not having a specific connection with a particular area of interest.

            Exploration and evaluation costs in relation to separate areas of interest for which rights of tenure are current are brought to
            account in the year in which they are incurred and carried forward provided that:

            ●           such costs are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the area, or alternatively
                        through its sale; or
            ●           exploration and/or evaluation activities in the area have not yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment
                        of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves.

            The types of costs recognised as exploration and evaluation assets include costs to acquire the legal rights to explore in the
            specific area and costs incurred in respect of the search for mineral resources, determination of technical feasibility and the
            assessment of commercial viability of an identified resource, in accordance with AASB 6.

            A Final Investment Decision (FID) to develop the Project is expected to be made after considering the following key factors:
            required permits are in place, engineering has reached construction ready status, adequate offtake agreements have been
            signed to underwrite any debt requirements, and the Project is funded through a mix of equity and debt. In order for FID and
            to attract funding, the Project will need to demonstrate technical feasibility and commercial viability.

            Once FID has been taken, all past and future exploration and evaluation assets in respect of the area of interest are tested
            for impairment and transferred to the costs of development. To date, no development decision has been made.

            The Directors assess at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset has been impaired and for exploration
            and evaluation costs carried forward whether the above carry forward criteria are met. No indicators of impairment have been
            identified as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                61
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 12. Non-current assets - exploration and evaluation (continued)

            When the above criteria do not apply or when the Directors assess that the carrying value may exceed the recoverable amount,
            the accumulated costs in respect of areas of interest are written off in the Statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive
            income.

                                                                                                                 31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000

            Exploration assets                                                                                       209,009         203,110

            Reconciliations
            Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial period are set out
            below:

                                                                                                                                Exploration
                                                                                                                                  assets




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                                                                   187,664
            Additions - Rhyolite Rydge                                                                                                15,300
            Exploration expenditure - noncore                                                                                            183
            Exploration expenditure - written off                                                                                        (37)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                                                  203,110
            Additions - Rhyolite Rydge                                                                                                 5,850
            Exploration expenditure - noncore                                                                                             49

            Balance at 31 December 2025                                                                                              209,009

            The above amounts represent costs of areas of interest carried forward as an asset in accordance with the accounting policy
            described above. The ultimate recoupment of exploration and evaluation expenditure in respect of an area of interest carried
            forward is dependent upon the discovery of commercially viable reserves and the successful development and exploitation of
            the respective areas or alternatively sale of the underlying areas of interest for at least their carrying value. Amortisation, in
            respect of the relevant area of interest, is not charged until a mining operation has commenced.

            Exploration and evaluation costs carried forward relate primarily to the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in Nevada, USA.
            Exploration and evaluation expenditure on all other tenements owned by the Company have been fully impaired where
            applicable.

            Note 13. Non-current assets - other

                                                                                                                 31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000

            Unamortised loan fees                                                                                       4,273           4,252

            The Company paid fees to establish a loan with the US Department of Energy (DOE). The fees will be amortised over the life
            of the loan. Amortisation begins after the first draw on said loan. The total loan amount is US$996 million (US$968 million in
            principal and US$28 million in capitalised interest during construction). The loan term is 20 years, and the interest rate is fixed
            from the date of each advance for the term of the loan at the applicable long-dated U.S. Treasury rate.




                                                                            62
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 14. Current liabilities - payables

                                                                                                                       31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                         $'000           $'000

            Trade payables                                                                                                      962         2,066
            Accrued expenses                                                                                                    724           342

                                                                                                                               1,686        2,408

            All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value net of directly attributable transaction costs.

            After initial measurement, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Current payables, other than lease
            liabilities, due to their short-term nature, are measured at amortised cost and are not discounted.

            The current payables, other than lease liabilities, are unsecured and are non-interest bearing generally on 30-60 day terms.
            The carrying amounts approximate fair value.




For personal use only
            Note 15. Current liabilities - lease liabilities

                                                                                                                       31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                         $'000           $'000

            Lease liability                                                                                                     151          106

            At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease
            payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payment includes fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
            payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
            expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
            reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects
            the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are
            recognised as expense in the period on which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
            date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease
            liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying
            amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed
            lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

            Note 16. Current liabilities - provisions

                                                                                                                       31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                         $'000           $'000

            Provisions for employee benefits                                                                                    303          462

            Provisions are made for the Group's liability for employee benefits arising from services rendered by employees to the end of
            the reporting period. Employee benefits that are expected to be settled within one year have been measured at the amounts
            expected to be paid when the liability is settled. Employees' benefits payable later than one year have been measured at the
            present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made for those benefits. In determining the liability, consideration is
            given to employee wage increases and the probability that the employee may satisfy vesting requirements. Those cash flows
            are discounted using market yields on high quality corporate bonds with terms to maturity that match the expected timing of
            cash flows.




                                                                                63
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 17. Non-current liabilities - lease liabilities

                                                                                                                         31-Dec-25    30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                           $'000        $'000

            Lease liability                                                                                                    184            267

            Note 18. Equity - issued capital

                                                                                          31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25      31-Dec-25    30-Jun-25
                                                                                           Shares          Shares          $'000        $'000

            Ordinary shares - fully paid                                                 2,674,633,957   2,608,172,516      309,498      302,651

            Movements in ordinary share capital

            Details                                                                                                   Shares          $'000




For personal use only
            Balance as at 1 July 2024                                                                              2,325,614,708         281,671
            Capital raise                                                                                            252,500,000          16,412
            Share issue costs from capital raise                                                                               -            (618)
            Performance rights vested 1                                                                               30,057,808           5,186

            Balance at year ended 30 June 2025                                                                     2,608,172,516         302,651
            Share issue from capital raise                                                                            33,550,000           2,176
            Share issue costs from capital raise                                                                               -             (99)
            Performance rights vested 1                                                                               32,911,441           4,770

            Balance at period ended 31 December 2025                                                               2,674,633,957         309,498

            (1) Ordinary shares issued to employees upon vesting of performance rights

            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. There are no restrictions on voting rights. On a show of hands every member present
            or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share shall have one vote. Where a member holds shares, which are
            not fully paid, the number of votes to which that member is entitled on a poll in respect of those part paid shares shall be
            fraction of one vote which the amount paid up bears to the total issued price thereof. They have the right to receive dividends
            as declared and, in the event of winding up of the Company, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets
            in proportion to the number of and amounts paid up on shares held.

            Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, options or rights are shown in equity as a deduction from
            the proceeds.

            Management controls the capital of the Group in order to maintain a sustainable debt to equity ratio, generate long-term
            shareholder value and that the Group can fund its operations and continue as a going concern.

            The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

            During the 12 months ended 30 June 2025, the Company issued 30,057,807 shares as a consequence of Performance Rights
            vesting under the Equity Incentive Plan, nil shares as a result of options exercised, and 252,500,000 shares as a consequence
            of a capital raise.

            During the six months ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued 20,701,784 shares as a consequence of Performance
            Rights vesting under the Equity Incentive Plan, nil shares as a result of options exercised, and 33,550,000 shares as a
            consequence of a capital raise.

            Share schemes
            The Company has two share schemes in operation:

            ●           The Share Option Plan; and
            ●           The Equity Incentive Plan


                                                                                         64
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 18. Equity - issued capital (continued)

            Under these plans, ordinary shares have been granted to senior executives, directors and employees and a number of
            consultants. Further details about the operation of these plans are set out in Note 26 'Share-based payments'. The Equity
            Incentive Plan is capable of issuing both options and performance rights. The pre-existing Share Option Plan will be phased
            out as existing options are issued or expire.

            Note 19. Equity - reserves

                                                                                                                 31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000

            Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                      (12,823)        (13,030)
            Equity compensation reserve                                                                                 7,520          10,583

                                                                                                                       (5,303)         (2,447)




For personal use only
            Foreign currency reserve
            The foreign currency reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
            of foreign operations where the functional currency is different to functional currency of the parent entity. It is also used where
            exchange differences arise on the translation of monetary items which form part of the net investment in the foreign operation.

            Equity compensation reserve
            The equity compensation reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to
            employees, directors and consultants. The fair value of such compensation is measured using generally accepted valuation
            methodologies for pricing financial instruments, and incorporates all factors and assumptions that knowledgeable, willing
            market participants would consider in setting the price. The fair value of instruments granted is recognised as an expense or
            capitalised if appropriate over the vesting period with a corresponding increase in equity.

            Movements in reserves
            Movements in each class of reserve during the current period and previous financial year are set out below:

                                                                                                                 Foreign
                                                                                               Equity           currency
                                                                                            compensation       translation
                                                                                              reserve            reserve           Total
                                                                                               $'000              $'000            $'000

            Balance at 1 July 2024                                                                    9,663          (12,761)          (3,098)
            Share based payment expensed/capitalised                                                  6,106                -            6,106
            Fair value of performance rights vested                                                  (5,186)               -           (5,186)
            Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations                               -             (269)            (269)

            Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                 10,583           (13,030)          (2,447)
            Share based payment expensed/capitalised                                                 1,707                 -            1,707
            Fair value of performance rights vested                                                 (4,770)                -           (4,770)
            Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations                              -               207              207

            Balance at 31 December 2025                                                               7,520          (12,823)          (5,303)

            Note 20. Equity - accumulated losses

                                                                                                                 31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000

            Accumulated losses at the beginning of the financial period                                               (69,906)        (60,352)
            Loss after income tax expense for the period                                                               (4,070)         (9,554)

            Accumulated losses at the end of the financial period                                                     (73,976)        (69,906)



                                                                            65
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 21. Equity - dividends

            There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current or previous financial period.

            Note 22. Financial instruments

            Framework
            Financial risk management
            The Group has no financial assets where the carrying amount exceeds net fair values at balance date. The Group's receivables
            at balance date are detailed in Note 8 of this report.

            The Group measures and recognises in the statement of financial position on a recurring basis certain assets and liabilities at
            fair value in accordance with AASB 13 Fair value measurement. The fair value must be estimated for recognition and
            measurement or for disclosure purposes in accordance with the following hierarchy:

            Level 1:                        Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
            Level 2:                        Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,




For personal use only
                                            either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and
            Level 3:                        Inputs for the assets or liabilities which are not based on observable market data (unobservable
                                            inputs).

            The carrying values of financial assets and liabilities of the Group approximate their value.

            Classification and measurement
            The Group is involved in activities that expose it to a variety of financial risks, including:

            (a)         Credit risk
            (b)         Liquidity risk
            (c)         Capital management risk
            (d)         Market risk related to commodity pricing, interest rates and currency fluctuations.

            The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the financial risk management
            framework of the group. Management is responsible for monitoring the financial risks.

            The objective of the financial risk management strategy is to minimise the impact of volatility in financial markets on the
            financial performance, cash flows and shareholder returns. This requires the identification and analysis of relevant financial
            risks and possible impact on the achievement of the Group's objectives.

            The Group does not undertake any hedging activities.

            a. Credit risk

            Credit risk is the risk of sustaining a financial loss as a result of the default by a counterparty to make full and timely payments
            on transactions which have been executed, after allowing for set-offs which are legally enforceable.

            Credit risk arises from investments in cash and cash equivalents with banks and credit exposure to customers and/or suppliers.
            Receivables and cash and cash equivalents represent the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk. The Group is subject to
            a concentration of credit risk by having cash and cash equivalents held at one major Australian and one major U.S. bank. The
            Group regularly reviews its cash and cash equivalents as well as economic conditions, to determine whether adjustments to
            cash management are required to respond to changing conditions.

            There are no trade receivables past due or impaired at the end of the reporting period (30 June 2025: nil).

            b. Liquidity risk

            Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not have sufficient liquidity to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.

            The Group manages liquidity by continually monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching maturity profiles of
            financial assets and liabilities. Short-term and long-term cash flow projections are prepared periodically and submitted to the
            Board.


                                                                                  66
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 22. Financial instruments (continued)

            Below is a table representing the Group's undiscounted contractual cash flows:

                                                              Less than 1                                      More than 5
                                                                 year          1-2 years        2-5 years        years          Total
            Contractual cash
            flows                             Note                $'000           $'000          $'000            $'000         $'000

            Consolidated - 31 Dec
            2025
            Payables                           14                     1,686                 -              -              -         1,686
            Lease liabilities                  15                       167               163             14              -           344

                                                                      1,853               163             14              -         2,030

                                                              Less than 1                                      More than 5




For personal use only
                                                                 year          1-2 years        2-5 years        years          Total
            Contractual cash
            flows                             Note                $'000           $'000          $'000            $'000         $'000

            Consolidated - 30 Jun
            2025
            Payables                           14                     2,408                 -              -              -         2,408
            Lease liabilities                  15                       118               168            108              -           394

                                                                      2,526               168            108              -         2,802

            c. Capital management risk

            The overriding objective of the Group's capital management strategy is to increase shareholder return whilst maintaining the
            flexibility to pursue strategic initiatives within a prudent capital structure.

            The primary objective of the capital management policy is to ensure the Group maintains a strong credit profile and appropriate
            capital ratios to support the development of the Group's assets.

            The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of economic conditions.

            d. Market risk

            The method and assumptions remain consistent with prior periods.

            Foreign exchange risk

            Foreign exchange risk arises from the commercial transactions and valuations of assets and liabilities that are denominated
            in a currency that is not the entity's functional currency.

            The Group has monetary items, including financial assets, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of
            the entity. These are primarily US$ cash and intercompany loan balances in the holding company, which has a A$ functional
            currency. These items are restated to A$ equivalent at each period end, and the associated gain or loss is taken to the income
            statement. The US$ equivalent of these FX balances is reported in the group income statement as the functional currency
            financial statements are translated to US$ reporting currency for group reporting purposes.

            The Group operates in a predominately US$ environment. The majority of the Group's financial position is managed and
            reported in US$. There is a foreign exchange exposure where the Group holds financial assets and liabilities in A$. These
            positions are summarised in the table below:




                                                                          67
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 22. Financial instruments (continued)

                                                                                                       Average rate for
                                                                                                              the year          Spot rate at
                                                                                                            31-Dec-25            31-Dec-25

            AUD/USD                                                                                               0.6551             0.6678

                                                                                                          31-Dec-25           30-Jun-25
            Financial instruments denominated in Australian dollars                                         $'000               $'000

            Financial assets
            Cash                                                                                                 10,145              16,398
            Trade and other receivables                                                                              10                  19
                                                                                                                 10,155              16,417

            Financial liabilities




For personal use only
            Trade and other payables                                                                                (497)              (321)
            Provisions                                                                                              (199)              (296)
                                                                                                                    (696)              (617)

            Net financial instruments                                                                              9,459             15,800

                                                                                10% increase          10% 10% increase          10%
                                                                                        in the decrease in        in the decrease in
                                                                                   AUD:USD the AUD:USD       AUD:USD the AUD:USD
                                                                                      foreign      foreign      foreign      foreign
                                                                                   exchange      exchange    exchange      exchange
                                                                                          rate        rate          rate        rate
            Foreign exchange rate sensitivity                                      31-Dec-25    31-Dec-25    30-Jun-25    30-Jun-25

            Impact to A$ balance:
            Financial assets
            Cash                                                                   1,014,533     (1,014,533)      1,639,839      (1,639,839)
            Trade and other receivables                                                  974           (974)          1,858          (1,858)
                                                                                   1,015,507     (1,015,507)      1,641,697      (1,641,697)

            Financial liabilities
            Trade and other payables                                                 49,663         (49,663)         32,146         (32,146)
            Provision                                                                19,860         (19,860)         29,650         (29,650)
                                                                                     69,523         (69,523)         61,796         (61,796)

                                                                                   1,085,030     (1,085,030)      1,703,493      (1,703,493)

            There is no impact to the current period loss on the above scenarios as the impact is taken to the foreign currency translation
            reserve.

            Interest rate risk
            The Company's exposure to interest rate risk, which is the risk that a financial instrument's value will fluctuate as a result of
            reasonable possible changes in the market interest rates, arise in relation to the Company's bank balance.

            The Company does not engage in any hedging or derivative transactions to manage interest rate risk.

            An increase of interest rates of 1% would result in $211,689 (30 June 2025: $255,326) decrease in the current financial period
            loss and an increase in interest income related to cash deposits. A decrease of interest rates of 1% would result in $211,689
            (30 June 2025: $255,326) increase in the current financial period loss and a decrease in interest income related to cash
            deposits.




                                                                           68
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 22. Financial instruments (continued)

            Commodity price risk

            The Company is exposed to future commodity price risk. This risk arises from its activities directed at exploration and
            development of mineral commodities. If commodity prices fall, the share price for companies exploring for these commodities
            may be affected. The Company does not hedge its exposures.

            Note 23. Employee benefits expensed

                                                                                                                6 months       12 months
                                                                                                                  ended          ended
                                                                                                                31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                  $'000           $'000

            Non-executive director fees                                                                                 205             410
            Executive director fees                                                                                     125             313




For personal use only
            Employee benefits expense                                                                                 1,289           2,485
            Share-based payments                                                                                      1,102           3,164

            Total employee benefits expensed                                                                          2,721           6,372

            Note 24. Key management personnel disclosures

            Compensation
            The aggregate compensation made to directors and other members of key management personnel of the company is set out
            below:

                                                                                                                6 months       12 months
                                                                                                                  ended          ended
                                                                                                                31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                    $              $

            Salaries and short-term employee benefits                                                                 1,456           3,015
            Post-employment benefits                                                                                     38              75
            Share-based payments                                                                                      1,351           3,539

            Total key management personnel compensation                                                               2,845           6,629

            Transactions with directors and KMP

            With the exception of the disclosures within this note, no director or executive has entered into any material contracts with the
            Group since the end of the previous financial period and there were no material contracts involving director or executive
            interests existing at period end.

            The Company has entered into indemnity deeds to indemnify executives and directors of the Company against certain
            liabilities incurred in the course of performing their duties.

            Note 25. Earnings per share

                                                                                                                              12 months
                                                                                                       6 months ended           ended
                                                                                                          31-Dec-25           30-Jun-25
            Earnings used in calculating earnings per share                                                 $'000                $'000

            Loss after income tax attributable to the owners of ioneer Limited                                    (4,070)            (9,554)




                                                                           69
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 25. Earnings per share (continued)

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator                                   Number              Number

            Issued ordinary shares - opening balance                                                            2,357,575,511       2,325,614,708
               Effect of shares issued                                                                             56,390,855          31,960,803
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                          2,413,966,366       2,357,575,511


            Weighted average number of shares (diluted)                                                         31-Dec-25           30-Jun-25

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic EPS                                            2,413,966,366       2,357,575,511
            Effect of dilution from options and rights on issue                                                             -                   -
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for effect of dilution                          2,413,966,366       2,357,575,511

            The options and performance rights are anti-dilutive and have been excluded from the diluted EPS calculation below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                31-Dec-25           30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                  Cents               Cents

            Basic earnings per share                                                                                       (0.17)           (0.41)
            Diluted earnings per share                                                                                     (0.17)           (0.41)

            Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted
            average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.

            Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted average
            number of shares outstanding during the period plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued
            on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares. The effect of the dilution from options and rights
            on issue in the financial year would be 76,665,575 (30 June 2025: 64,922,144). The impact of the potential ordinary shares is
            treated as dilutive only when their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease EPS.

            Note 26. Share-based payments

            Share-based compensation is provided to employees via rights or options to acquire shares in the Company. As described in
            Note 19, the Company has two share schemes in operation. Under these plans, options or performance rights which may be
            converted into ordinary shares have been granted to non-executive directors, senior executives, employees and a number of
            consultants.

            The cost of these equity-settled transactions is determined by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted.
            The fair value of the options granted is determined by using the Black & Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the
            performance rights granted with time-based hurdles is determined using the 10-day VWAP of the Company's fully paid share
            capital, up to and including the date the performance rights are granted. For the component of performance rights based on
            company share price performance relative to a peer group, the fair value is determined by using a Monte Carlo model for the
            valuation of the performance rights subject to the relative performance hurdle and for the component of those rights subject
            to the business objectives, the valuation is equal to the value of the share price at grant date, multiplied by the number of
            shares anticipated to vest.

            The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date reflects:

            ●           the extent to which the vesting period has expired, and
            ●           the number of awards that, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, will ultimately vest.

            This opinion is formed based on the best available information at balance date. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled,
            the estimate is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is
            recognised immediately.

            Each plan is described in more detail below.




                                                                                  70
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 26. Share-based payments (continued)

            Equity Incentive Plan - established at the 2018 AGM

            An Equity Incentive Plan was established following the AGM held on 31 October 2018. The purpose of the new Equity Incentive
            Plan ("the Plan") is to provide eligible persons the opportunity to participate in the growth and profits of the Company, and to
            attract, motivate and retain their services to promote the Company's long-term success.

            Under the terms of the Plan, the Board may at its discretion invite eligible persons to participate in a grant of awards. An award
            may be either an option or performance right, to acquire a share in the capital of the Company in accordance with the Plan
            rules.

            Options and performance rights issued under the terms and conditions and of the Plan are as follows:

            Options

            Type               Key terms                                                                                      Expiry date




For personal use only
            Non-Executive      The options were issued at an exercise price equal to VWAP for the Company's                   Tranche 2:
            Directors          shares over the 10 trading days immediately before the date of the AGM. The options            14 Nov 24
                               vest after 12 months and expire 60 months from the date of issue.

            Performance rights - time-based

            Type               Key terms                                                                                      Expiry date

            Retention on       Agreements with recruits including vesting after 3 years. Conditional on the                       N/A
            Employment         achievement of continuing employment.
            LTI grants         42 months for 1 July 2025 (to transition to a calendar year performance period),                   N/A
                               thereafter 36 months. Conditional on the achievement of continuing employment.

            Performance rights - performance-based

            Type               Key terms                                                                                      Expiry date

                               42 months for 1 July 2025 (to transition to a calendar year performance period),
            LTI grants         thereafter 36 months                                                                               N/A
                               The Board will employ discretion in assessing Project results and determining vesting
                               of performance units; below, at or above targets:
                               HSE: Top quartile E, H&S and Community performance (compared to North American
                               Mining Projects)
                               Construction: Construction delivery compared to schedule at FID
                               Growth: Measured and indicated LCE resource increased levels by 10% above July
                               2024 levels
                               Cost Control: Project spend compared to budget at FID
                               Share price: INR shareholder return compared to competitors
                               Unlike producing organisations with established operations that typically aim to deliver
                               performance conditions tied to anticipated revenues, production levels and growth
                               objectives, Ioneer has a single pre-production project with less certainty or control over
                               key deliverables. Providing the Board with the discretion to assess the extent of
                               delivery, the importance/value of the various targets delivered (or not) allows the ability
                               to balance shareholder expectations and KMP reward, motivation and retention.
                               The Board will employ discretion in assessing Project results and determining the
                               vesting of performance units; below, at or above targets (200%).




                                                                            71
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 26. Share-based payments (continued)

            Key features include:

            ●           The Board may at its discretion make invitations to or grant awards to eligible persons.
            ●           Award means an option or a performance right to acquire a Share in the capital of the Company.
            ●           Eligible Persons include executive directors or executive officers of the Group, employees, contractors or consultants of
                        the Group or any other persons.
            ●           A participant may not sell or assign awards.
            ●           Within 30 days after the vesting date in respect of a vested performance right, the Company must either allocate shares
                        or procure payment to the participant of a cash amount equal to the market price of the shares which would have
                        otherwise been allocated.
            ●           At any time during the exercise period, a participant may exercise any or all of their vested options by paying the exercise
                        price.

            Whilst there are a number of options and performance rights remaining on issue under the terms and conditions of previous
            schemes, no further options or rights will be issued under these pre-existing schemes which are described below.




For personal use only
            Share Option Plan

            The Group established a Share Option Plan in 2010 (and reconfirmed it at the 2016 AGM) to assist in the attraction, retention
            and motivation of KMP and in the retention of key consultants. Key features include:

            ●           Full or part time employee or consultants of the Group are eligible to participate.
            ●           Options issued pursuant to the plan will be issued free of charge.
            ●           Options are time based and there are no performance conditions.
            ●           Options cannot be transferred and are not quoted on the ASX.
            ●           Options expire if not exercised 90 days after a participant resigns from the company.
            ●           The exercise of the options, at grant date, shall be as the directors in their absolute discretion determine, provided the
                        exercise price shall not be less than the weighted average of the last sale price of the Company's shares on the ASX at
                        the close of business on each of the 5 business days immediately preceding the date on which the directors resolve to
                        grant the options.
            ●           The directors may limit the total number of options which may be exercised under the plan in any year.

            Set out below are summaries of performance rights granted under the plan:

                                                                                                       Weighted                       Weighted
                                                                                        Number of       average       Number of        average
                                                                                       performance      exercise     performance       exercise
                                                                                          rights         price          rights          price
                                                                                        31-Dec-25      31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25       30-Jun-25

            Outstanding at the beginning of the financial period                         63,290,529          $0.24     33,882,163            $0.37
            Granted                                                                      58,967,942          $0.14     63,081,077            $0.19
            Vested                                                                      (32,911,441)         $0.23    (30,057,807)           $0.27
            Lapsed                                                                      (12,681,185)         $0.24     (3,614,904)           $0.47

            Outstanding at the end of the financial period                              76,665,845           $0.16     63,290,529            $0.24

            Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:




                                                                                  72
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 26. Share-based payments (continued)

                                                                                              Weighted                        Weighted
                                                                                               average                         average
                                                                              Number of        exercise     Number of          exercise
                                                                               options          price        options            price
                                                                              31-Dec-25       31-Dec-25     30-Jun-25         30-Jun-25

            Outstanding at the beginning of the financial period                1,631,615          $0.19         2,938,803         $0.21
            Expired                                                            (1,631,615)         $0.19        (1,307,188)        $0.24

            Outstanding at the end of the financial period                                -                     1,631,615

            Note 27. Parent entity disclosures

                                                                                                            6 months          12 months
                                                                                                              ended             ended




For personal use only
                                                                                                            31-Dec-25         30-Jun-25
            Result for the parent entity                                                                      $'000              $'000

            Loss for the period                                                                                      (367)        (1,767)
            Total comprehensive loss for the period                                                                  (367)        (1,767)

                                                                                                            31-Dec-25         30-Jun-25
            Financial position of the parent entity                                                           $'000             $'000

            Current assets                                                                                        121,290        117,668
            Non-current assets                                                                                    151,245        151,237

            Total assets                                                                                          272,535        268,905

                                                                                                            31-Dec-25         30-Jun-25
                                                                                                              $'000             $'000

            Current liabilities                                                                                       556           618
            Non-current liabilities                                                                                   139            69

            Total liabilities                                                                                         695           687



            Net assets                                                                                            271,840        268,218



            Contributed equity                                                                                    309,498        302,651
            Reserves                                                                                              (14,041)       (11,184)
            Accumulated losses                                                                                    (23,617)       (23,249)

            Total equity                                                                                          271,840        268,218

            Parent entity contingencies and disclosures

            Commitments of the Company as at reporting date are disclosed in Note 29 to the financial statements.

            Parent entity guarantees in respect of debts of its subsidiaries

            No guarantees have been entered into by the Company in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries.




                                                                         73
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 28. Controlled entities

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance
            with the accounting policy described in Note 1:


                                                                                                               Ownership   Ownership
                                                                       Principal place of business /            interest    interest
            Name                                                       Country of incorporation               31-Dec-2025 30-Jun-2025

            Ioneer USA Corporation                                     USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Minerals Corporation                                USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Holdings USA Inc.                                   USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Holdings Nevada Inc.                                USA                                            100%            100%
            Gerlach Gold LLC                                           USA                                            100%            100%
            Paradigm AZ LLC                                            USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge Holdings LLC                         USA                                            100%            100%




For personal use only
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge Midco LLC                            USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge LLC                                  USA                                            100%            100%
            Ioneer Canada ULC                                          Canada                                         100%            100%

            Note 29. Capital and other commitments

                                                                                                                31-Dec-25      30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                  $'000          $'000

            Payable within one year
            Water rights                                                                                              1,594           1,336
            Non-cancellable lease commitments                                                                           190             261
            Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                                            -             317

                                                                                                                      1,784           1,914



            Payable after one year but not later than five years
            Water rights                                                                                              5,392           4,971
            Non-cancellable lease commitments                                                                           163             288
            Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                                            -             317

                                                                                                                      5,555           5,576




            Payable later than five years
            Water rights                                                                                              9,143           9,116
            Non-cancellable lease commitments                                                                             -               -
            Exploration and evaluation expenditure commitments                                                            -               -

                                                                                                                      9,143           9,116

            Water rights

            The Company has secured water rights via exclusive options to enter into long-term leases. In addition, there is an option to
            purchase these water rights and associated land at any time at the Company's sole election. This is a discretionary purchase
            and is excluded from the commitments disclosed above.

            Non-cancellable lease commitments



                                                                           74
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 29. Capital and other commitments (continued)

            Included within non-cancellable lease commitments is the lease of a neighbouring property to the Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-
            Boron Project. The Company has entered an option agreement to purchase this property. The cost of this discretionary
            purchase is excluded from the commitments disclosed above.

            Exploration licence expenditure requirements

            In order to maintain the Company's tenements in good standing with various mines departments and comply with the
            underlying option agreements, the Company will be required to pay annual claim maintenance fees. It is likely that the granting
            of new licenses and changes in license areas at renewal or expiry will change the expenditure commitment to the Company
            from time to time.

            Note 30. Contingent assets and liabilities

            Settlement of Rhyolite Ridge




For personal use only
            The Company has entered an option agreement to purchase Rhyolite Ridge from Boundary Peak Minerals LLC on 3 June
            2016. The Company has made 4 progress payments to Boundary Peak under the agreement. A final payment will fall due
            following Board making a 'decision to mine' the Rhyolite Ridge property. Once this decision is made, the Company is required
            under the terms of the contract to either:

            ●           Pay Boundary Peak LLC US$3 million, or
            ●           Issue shares (or a mix of both shares and cash) to Boundary Peak LLC, to the equivalent of US$3 million at a fixed
                        exchange rate of USD$0.75 =AUD$1.00.

            As at the date of this report, the decision to mine has not yet been made by the Company.

            There are no other known contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025.

            Note 31. Remuneration of auditors

            During the financial period, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by Ernst & Young, the auditor of the
            Company:

                                                                                                                31-Dec-25       30-Jun-25
                                                                                                                    $               $

            Audit services - Ernst & Young
            Audit or review of the group financial statements                                                       180,000         261,040
            Audit of subsidiaries                                                                                   132,000               -

            Total audit services                                                                                    312,000         261,040

            Note 32. Related party transactions

            Parent entity
            ioneer Limited is the parent entity.

            Non-key management personnel disclosures
            The Group has a related party relationship with its controlled entities, refer to Note 28. The Company and its controlled entities
            engage in a variety of related party transactions in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are conducted on
            normal terms and conditions.

            Key management personnel
            Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 24 and the remuneration report included in the directors'
            report.




                                                                             75
            ioneer Limited
            Notes to the financial statements
            31 December 2025

            Note 33. Events after the reporting period

            On 5 February 2026, Ioneer announced the issue of 400,000,000 new fully paid ordinary shares at an issue price of A$0.18
            (~US$0.13) per share by way of a single-tranche placement for gross proceeds of A$72 million (~US$50 million). The
            placement was strongly supported by new and existing shareholders and will be used to accelerate the development of
            Rhyolite Ridge including long lead items and early works, to advance project readiness, fund environmental permitting
            expenses and commitments, pay other project costs and fund working capital, meet obligations under the closed DOE Loan
            and for general corporate purposes.

            Other than as mentioned above, in the period since 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report, there has not been
            any other item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely in the opinion of directors, to substantially affect
            the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.




For personal use only




                                                                           76
            ioneer Limited
            Consolidated entity disclosure statement
            As at 31 December 2025



            Entity name                           Entity type           Body           Body        Tax residency   Tax residency
                                                                    corporates      corporates     Australian or      Foreign
                                                                   Place formed     % of share        foreign       jurisdiction
                                                                  or incorporated   capital held

            Ioneer Limited                       Body corporate      Australia          N/A          Australian        N/A
            Ioneer Canada ULC                    Body corporate      Canada             100          Australian        CAD
            Ioneer Holdings USA Inc.             Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer Holdings Nevada Inc.          Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer USA Corporation               Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Gerlach Gold LLC                     Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge Holdings LLC   Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge Midco LLC      Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge LLC            Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA
            Ioneer Minerals Corporation          Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA




For personal use only
            Paradigm AZ LLC                      Body corporate       USA               100           Foreign          USA




                                                                       77
            ioneer Limited
            Directors' declaration
            31 December 2025

            In the directors' opinion:

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting Standards, the
                        Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                        International Accounting Standards Board as described in Note 1 to the financial statements;

            ●           the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the company's financial position as at 31
                        December 2025 and of its performance for the financial period ended on that date;

            ●           there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                        and payable; and

            ●           the information disclosed in the attached consolidated entity disclosure statement is true and correct.

            The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
            Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

            On behalf of the directors




            James D Calaway
            Executive Chairman

            18 March 2026




                                                                                 78
                                                                    Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                    200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                    Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                                                    GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                        Independent auditor’s report to the members of ioneer Ltd

                        Report on the audit of the financial report
                        Opinion
                        We have audited the financial report of ioneer Ltd (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
                        Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025,




For personal use only
                        the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
                        and consolidated statement of cash flows for the six months then ended, notes to the financial
                        statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure
                        statement and the directors’ declaration.

                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                        Act 2001, including:

                        a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December
                              2025 and of its consolidated financial performance for the six months period ended on that date;
                              and

                        b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                        those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                        report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                        independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                        Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                        Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial
                        report of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                        accordance with the Code.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                        for our opinion.

                        Key audit matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                        our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                        our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                        a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
                        addressed the matter is provided in that context.

                        We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                        financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                        included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                        material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                        procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                        accompanying financial report.



                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                            Page 2




                         Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         At 31 December 2025 the Group recorded                              Our audit procedures included the following:
                         capitalised exploration and evaluation (E&E)                        • Assessed the Group’s right to explore in the
                         assets of US$209.0 million relating to its                             relevant exploration area, which included
                         Rhyolite Ridge Project (the “Asset”) as disclosed                      obtaining relevant documentation such as
                         in note 12.                                                            license agreements and permit approvals;
                         At each reporting date, the Company assesses                        • Evaluated the Group’s ability and intention
                         for indicators of impairment by assessing                              to carry out significant E&E activity in the
                                                                                                relevant exploration area which included




For personal use only
                         whether there are any facts and circumstances
                         that suggest that the carrying amount of the                           assessment of the Group’s budgets, planned
                         E&E asset may exceed its recoverable amount.                           spend and discussions/inquiry with senior
                         This assessment involves significant judgment,                         management as to the intentions and
                         including:                                                             strategy of the Group;
                         •    Whether the Group’s exploration licenses                       • Considered whether there is any information
                              are current;                                                      which would suggest that there are not
                         •    The Group’s ability and intention to continue                     commercially viable quantities of resources
                              to evaluate and develop the Rhyolite Ridge                        present, including obtaining and reviewing
                              project;                                                          the latest reserves and resource statements
                         •    Whether the results of the Group’s                                prepared by an independent competent
                              exploration and evaluation work to date are                       person;
                              sufficiently progressed for a decision to be                   • Performed a valuation cross check using
                              made as to the commercial viability or                            lithium trading and transaction multiples
                              otherwise of the project;                                         sourced by EY Valuations specialists and
                         •    Whether any other factors are present which                       compared with the Asset’s carrying value;
                              would suggest the carrying value is not                        • Assessed whether any other evidence
                              recoverable through either successful                             existed that would indicate that the carrying
                              development or sale.                                              value of capitalised exploration and
                         Due to the value of the asset and the judgmental                       evaluation expenditure is unlikely to be
                         nature of impairment indicator assessments                             recovered through successful development
                         associated with E&E assets, we considered this                         or sale. This included:
                         to be a key audit matter.                                              • Review of other publicly available
                                                                                                     information in respect of the Asset, and
                                                                                                     whether any contrary information exists
                                                                                                     that provides audit evidence that no
                                                                                                     indicators are present;
                                                                                                • Assessed the impact of the ongoing
                                                                                                     strategic partnership process being run
                                                                                                     and the potential implications to the
                                                                                                     Asset and its recoverable amount;
                                                                                             • Performed a cross check of the Group’s net
                                                                                                assets to market capitalisation;
                                                                                             • Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness
                                                                                                of disclosures included in the notes to the
                                                                                                financial report including those made with
                                                                                                respect to judgments and estimates.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                           Page 3




                        Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the Company’s annual report for the six months period ended 31 December
                        2025, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
                        and our related assurance opinion.




For personal use only
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

                        ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                              and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                              2001; and

                        ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                              Corporations Act 2001; and

                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                        ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                              and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                        ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                              whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                        free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                        judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                            Page 4




                        ►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
                              fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                              evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                              detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                              error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                              override of internal control.

                        ►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                              procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an




For personal use only
                              opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                        ►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                              estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                        ►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                              and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                              events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                              concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                              our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                              inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
                              to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
                              cease to continue as a going concern.

                        ►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                              disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
                              in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                        ►     Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
                              financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
                              opinion on the Group financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
                              review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the Group audit. We remain solely
                              responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                        the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                        identify during our audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                        matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
                        taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                        should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                      Page 5




                        Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in within the directors’ report for the six months
                        period ended 31 December 2025.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of ioneer Ltd for the six months period ended 31 December
                        2025, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        Ernst & Young




                        Siobhan Hughes
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        18 March 2026




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
            ioneer Limited
            Mineral resource and ore reserves
            31 December 2025

            Mineral resource and ore reserves

            Summarised below are the current Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves for the South Basin at Ioneer’s 100%-owned Rhyolite
            Ridge Lithium Boron Project in Nevada, USA.

            Following completion of the DFS program in April 2020, Ioneer released the lithium-boron (searlesite) Mineral Resource &
            Ore Reserve Estimates. The Mineral Resource Estimate was updated and released in May 2025. A summary of the Mineral
            Resource & Ore Reserve Estimates is tabulated below. Updated mineral resource and ore reserve estimates were announced
            to the ASX on 29 October 2025.

            Summary of Mineral Resource & Ore Reserve Estimates Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project

                                                                                                                           Equivalent Equivalent
                                                      Metric              Li              B          Equivalent Equivalent contained contained
                                                      Tonnes            Grade           Grade          Grade      Grade     tonnes     tonnes
                                                                                                                            Li2CO3     H2BO3
                                                         (Mt)           (ppm)           (ppm)            %          %          kt         kt




For personal use only
            Stream 1 (>5,000 ppm B)
            Measured Resource                               64.4           1,752            12,669             0.9             7.2             600          4,664
            Indicated Resource                              87.4           1,551            11,280             0.8             6.5             721          5,636
            Inferred Resource                               26.9           1,554            11,101             0.8             6.4             222          1,706
            Total Stream 1                                 178.7           1,624            11,754             0.9             6.7           1,544         12,006

            Stream 2 (>$16.54/tonne net
            value cut-off grade, Low
            Clay)
            Measured Resource                               74.9           1,198             1,461             0.6             0.8             477             626
            Indicated Resource                             164.8           1,121             1,445             0.6             0.8             983           1,362
            Inferred Resource                               69.3           1,161               881             0.6             0.5             428             349
            Total Stream 2                                 308.9           1,149             1,323             0.6             0.8           1,888           2,336

            Stream 3 (>1,090 ppm Li, no
            B COG, high clay)
            Measured Resource                                19.2          2,201             1,550             1.2             0.9             225             170
            Indicated Resource                               29.7          2,085             1,164             1.1             0.7             330             198
            Inferred Resource                                12.1          1,621               579             0.9             0.3             105              40
            Total Stream 3                                   61.1          2,029             1,169             1.1             0.7             659             408

            Total Mineral Resource
            (Streams 1, 2 and 3)                           548.3           1,401             4,702             0.8             2.7           4,092         14,750

            Ore Reserve
            Proved Reserve                                  91.6           1,575             6,460             0.8             3.7             768           3,384
            Probable Reserve                               173.9           1,373             4,401             0.7             2.5           1,271           4,377
            Total Proved and Probable
            Ore Reserve                                    265.5           1,443             5,112             0.8             2.9           2,039           7,761

            Note: Totals may not add due to rounding. Mineral Resources reported on a dry in-situ basis. Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of Ore Reserves.



            The October 2025 Mineral Resource is estimated to contain:

            ●           548.6mt at 1,401ppm lithium (equivalent to 0.8% lithium carbonate) and 4,701ppm boron (equivalent to 2.7% boric acid).
            ●           4.1mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 14.8mt of equivalent boric acid.

            Mineral Resources are reported in accordance with the Australasian Code of Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
            Resources and Ore Reserves (The Joint Reserves Committee Code – JORC 2012 Edition).




                                                                                       84
            ioneer Limited
            Mineral resource and ore reserves
            31 December 2025

            In December 2022, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) listed Tiehm’s buckwheat as an endangered species
            under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and has designated critical habitat by way of applying a 500 m radius around several
            distinct plant populations that occur on the Project site. Ioneer is committed to the protection and conservation of the Tiehm’s
            buckwheat. The Project’s Mine Plan of Operations, approved by the BLM in October 2024, has no direct impact on Tiehm’s
            buckwheat and includes measures to minimise and mitigate for indirect impacts within the designated critical habitat areas
            identified.

            The mineral resource pit shell used to constrain the October 2025 Mineral Resource estimate was not adjusted to account for
            any impacts from avoidance of Tiehm’s buckwheat or minimisation of disturbance within the designated critical habitat.
            Environmental and permitting assumptions and factors have not been taken into consideration during modifying factors studies
            for the Project. The tonnes and grade within the avoidance polygons have not been removed from the Mineral Resources for
            the October 2025 estimate. Environmental and permitting assumptions and factors may be taken into consideration during
            future modifying factors studies for the Project. These permitting assumptions and factors may result in potential changes to
            the Mineral Resource footprint in the future.

            Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted, processed and sold from the
            Group's properties under current and foreseeable economic conditions. The Group determines and reports reserves under




For personal use only
            the standards incorporated in the Australian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves,
            2012 edition (the JORC code).

            The determination of ore reserves includes estimates and assumptions about a range of geological, technical and economic
            factors including quantities, grades, production techniques, recovery rates, commodity prices and exchange rates. Changes
            in ore reserves impact the assessment of recoverability of exploration and evaluation assets.

            Estimating the quantity and/or grade of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of ore to be determined by analysing
            geological data. This process may require complex and difficult judgements to interpret the data, Additional information about
            the Group's Reserves and Resources is set out in the 'Other Information' section.

            The 2025 Ore Reserve is estimated to contain 265.5mt at 1,443ppm lithium (equivalent to 0.8% lithium carbonate) and
            5,112ppm boron (equivalent to 2.9% boric acid), containing 2.0mt of equivalent lithium carbonate and 7.8mt of equivalent
            boric acid.

            The Ore Reserves are based exclusively on HiB-Li mineralisation. The Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of the Ore
            Reserves. The changes to the previous ore reserve estimate primarily relate to:

            ●           inclusion of low-boron lithium mineralisation in the Ore Reserve estimate for the first time,
            ●           additional drilling completed,
            ●           avoidance of Tiehm's buckwheat and Cave Springs in the mine plan, and
            ●           additional ore streams to process plant.

            The 266mt Ore Reserve provides the foundation for a very long mine life at the Rhyolite Ridge Project, with clear potential for
            expansion and extension further underpinned by the 549mt Mineral Resource.

            Competent Persons Statement

            The information in this report that relates to the October 2025 Mineral Resource estimate is based on information compiled
            by Herbert E. Welhener, a Competent Person who is a Registered Member of the SME (Society for Mining, Metallurgy, and
            Exploration), and is a QP Member of MMSA (the Mining and Metallurgical Society of America). Mr. Welhener is a full-time
            employee of Independent Mining Consultants, Inc. (IMC) and is independent of Ioneer and its affiliates. Mr. Welhener has
            sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity
            being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of
            Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’ (JORC Code 2012). Mr. Welhener consents to the inclusion in the
            report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.




                                                                                  85
            ioneer Limited
            Mineral resource and ore reserves
            31 December 2025

            The information in this report that relates to the October 2025 Ore Reserve estimate is based on information compiled by
            Joseph McNaughton, a Competent Person who is a certified Professional Engineer (‘PE’) in the US and is a registered
            professional engineer in the State of Arizona. Mr. McNaughton is a full-time employee of Independent Mining Consultants,
            Inc. (IMC) and is independent of Ioneer and its affiliates. Mr. McNaughton has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style
            of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent
            Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and
            Ore Reserves’ (JORC Code 2012). Mr. McNaughton consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his
            information in the form and context in which it appears.




For personal use only




                                                                            86
            ioneer Limited
            Glossary and abbreviations
            31 December 2025

            Glossary and abbreviations

            B                            Boron
            Carbonate minerals           Calcite and dolomite
            DFS                          Definitive Feasibility Study
            H2BO3                        Boric acid
            GSC                          Global Geoscience Limited
            INR                          Ioneer Limited
            K-feldspar                   Potassium feldspar
            km                           Kilometre
            kt                           Kilotonne
            K2SO4                        Potassium sulphate
            Li                           Lithium
            Li2BO3                       Lithium carbonate
            LCE                          Lithium carbonate equivalent
            mt                           Million tonnes
            Mt                           Metric tonnes




For personal use only
            PFS                          Pre-Feasibility Study
            ppm                          parts per million
            Searlesite                   Sodium borosilicate mineral
            Sepiolite                    Magnesium silicate
            BLM                          Bureau of Land Management
            FWS                          US Fish and Wildlife Service
            ROD                          Record of Decision
            FID                          Final Investment Decision




                                                               87
            ioneer Limited
            Schedule of tenements
            31 December 2025

            Schedule of tenements

                                                                               Interest as Interest as
                                                                                    at          at
            Project          Country   Tenement ID    Tenement Name Area (km2) 31-Dec-25 28-Feb-26         Note

            Beacon Hill        USA      NMC118666   NLB claims (160)     12.80      100%      100%       No change
            Beacon Hill        USA     NV106310781 NLB claims (41)        3.30      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NMC1117360 SLB claims (199)       15.90      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NV105809159 SLB claims (18)        1.40      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NMC1171536 SLM claims (122)        9.60      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NMC1179516    RR claims (65)       4.80      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NV105810398   RR claims (14)       1.10      100%      100%       No change
            Beacon Hill        USA     NMC1129523    BH claims (81)       6.00      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NV105272779 RMS mill sites (23)    0.50      100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NV106354216   RMS mill sites       6.50      100%      100%       No change
                                                         (325)




For personal use only
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NMC1147932 SLP claims (120)       9.60       100%      100%       No change
            Rhyolite Ridge     USA     NV105272053   PR claims (11)      0.90       100%      100%       No change
            Sarcobatus
            Basin              USA     NV106735396   COB claims (231)    18.50      100%      100%       No change




                                                               88
            ioneer Limited
            Shareholder information
            31 December 2025

            The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 3 March 2026 (per ASX Listing Rule 4.10).

            Issued capital
            The Company has 3,074,633,957 fully paid shares on issue.

            Options and performance rights on issue including holders of more than 20%
            The Company has on issue zero options and 76,665,845 performance rights.
            There are no holders of options or performance rights more than 20%.
            There are no listed options or performance rights.

            ASX listing
            Listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
            19 December 2007
            ASX Code: INR (previously GSC)
            ABN: 76 098 564 606

            Nasdaq listing




For personal use only
            Listed on the Nasdaq Securities Exchange, under a level two American Depositary Receipt
            30 June 2022
            Nasdaq Code: IONR

            Distribution of equitable securities
            Analysis of number of equitable security holders by size of holding:

                                                                                          Holders       Total Units    %

            1 to 1,000                                                                           699         435,089    0.01%
            1,001 to 5,000                                                                     3,279       9,615,845    0.32%
            5,001 to 10,000                                                                    1,958      15,627,105    0.52%
            10,001 to 100,000                                                                  5,456     210,406,116    6.94%
            100,001 and over                                                                   1,875   2,797,029,490   92.22%

                                                                                              13,267   3,033,113,645




                                                                          89
            ioneer Limited
            Shareholder information
            31 December 2025

            Twenty largest quoted equity security holders
            The names of the twenty largest security holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:

                                                                                                                 Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                            % of total
                                                                                                                             shares
                                                                                                             Number held     issued

            Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                         699,499,580            22.75
            HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                         436,280,541            14.19
            J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                         163,102,292             5.30
            Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Ltd                                                         85,788,098             2.79
            BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (IB AU Noms Retail Client)                                            61,391,603             2.00
            Lithium Investors America LLC                                                                      56,268,106             1.83
            HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                                                  45,977,982             1.50
            Mopti Pty Ltd (The Rowe Family A/C)                                                                36,690,902             1.19
            Versatile Money Pty Ltd (Versatile Money A/C)                                                      33,925,169             1.10




For personal use only
            UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                               32,964,987             1.07
            FNL Investments Pty Ltd                                                                            28,950,000             0.94
            Warbont Nominees Pty Ltd (Unpaid Entrepot A/C)                                                     27,250,524             0.89
            FNL Investments Pty Ltd (Superannuation Plan A/C)                                                  24,000,000             0.78
            Kolley Pty Ltd (Lucas Family A/C)                                                                  20,998,889             0.68
            Howarth Commercial Pty Ltd                                                                         20,619,999             0.67
            BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (HUB24 Custodial Serv Ltd)                                            20,068,000             0.65
            Quality Life Pty Ltd (The Viking Fund A/C)                                                         19,524,590             0.64
            Quality Life Pty Ltd (The Neill Family A/C)                                                        18,850,000             0.61
            BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (Clearstream)                                                         18,805,370             0.61
            Bond Street Custodians Limited (Laman - D05019 A/C)                                                15,500,000             0.50

                                                                                                             1,866,456,632           60.69

            Unmarketable parcels

                                                                                                               Minimum
                                                                                                              parcel size       Holders

            Minimum $500 parcel at $0.1350 per unit                                                              5,269,470           2,903

            Substantial holders
            Substantial holders in the company are set out below:

                                                                                                                  Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                            % of total
                                                                                                                             shares
                                                                                                              Number held    issued

            Centaurus                                                                                         377,352,433            12.27
            Bank of New York Mellon Corporation                                                               215,126,010             7.00

            Voting rights
            There are no restrictions on voting rights. On a show of hands every member present or by proxy shall have one vote and
            upon a poll each share shall have one vote. Where a member holds shares, which are not fully paid, the number of votes to
            which that member is entitled on a poll in respect of those part paid shares shall be that fraction of one vote which the amount
            paid up bears to the total issued price thereof. Options and performance rights holders have no voting rights until the options
            are exercised or performance rights vest.

            On-market buy-back
            There is no current on-market buy-back.




                                                                           90
            ioneer Limited
            Corporate directory
            31 December 2025

            Company Secretary

            Olga Smejkalova

            Directors

            James D. Calaway           Executive Chair
            Bernard Rowe               Managing Director
            Alan Davies                Non-executive Director
            Rose McKinney-James        Non-executive Director
            Margaret R. Walker         Non-executive Director
            Timothy Woodall            Non-executive Director

            Auditor

            Ernst & Young
            200 George Street




For personal use only
            Sydney NSW 2000

            Offices

            Sydney (Registered Office)
            Level 16, 213 Miller Street
            North Sydney NSW 2060
            Australia
            Telephone: +61 (2) 9922-5800
            Website: www.ioneer.com
            Email: info@ioneer.com

            Reno
            9460 Double R Blvd.
            Suite 200
            Reno Nevada 89521
            United States of America

            Share Registrar

            Boardroom Pty Limited
            Level 8, 210 George Street
            Sydney NSW 2000
            Telephone: 1300 737 760




                                                                91
