  Stock Code: 1928
www.sandschina.com
From Luxury Duty
Free Shopping, Exciting
Entertainment and
Fabulous Dining
to World-Class Hotel
Suites and MICE,
Come and Discover
Everything at Sands China.
               SANDS CHINA LTD.


             CONTENTS

1. OVERVIEW                                             4

     1.1   Financial Results Summary                    4
     1.2   Highlights of 2023                           5
     1.3   Directors and Senior Management             11


2. BUSINESS REVIEW                                    18

     2.1   Chairman’s Statement                        18
     2.2   Business Overview and Outlook               20
     2.3   Concession                                  26
     2.4   Our Properties                              31
     2.5   Management Discussion and Analysis          38
     2.6   Priority Risk Factors                       53
     2.7   Stakeholder Information                     64


3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                      71
   REPORT

     3.1   Introduction                                71
     3.2   Corporate Governance Code
           Compliance                                  71
     3.3   Culture                                     71
     3.4   Board Governance Structure                  72
     3.5   Risk Management and Internal Control 88
     3.6   Shareholders                                93
     3.7	Compliance Disclosures and
           Other Matters                               96
     3.8   Directors’ Report                           98


4. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                              117

     4.1   Independent Auditor’s Report               117
     4.2   Financial Statements                       121
     4.3   Notes to the Consolidated
           Financial Statements                       127
     4.4   Financial Summary                          205


5. CORPORATE INFORMATION                             206

6. CONTACT US                                        207

7. GLOSSARY                                          208




In case of any inconsistency between the English version
and the Chinese version of this Annual Report, the English
version shall prevail.
        SANDS CHINA LTD.


1.1 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




               2
       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
               SANDS CHINA LTD.


  1.1 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




our
Luxurious
Hotel Rooms and
Suites
await you.
Sands China operates the largest collection of
integrated resorts in Macao. At December 31, 2023,
we had 12,392 hotel rooms and suites (including 19
ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions), 2.2 million square
feet of retail malls with 154 restaurants and food
outlets, 1.7 million square feet of MICE space,
4 permanent theaters, 2 arenas and some of the
world’s largest casinos.




                      3
              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              1.1 FINANCIAL RESULTS SUMMARY




•     All of our operating segments and business categories for the year ended December 31, 2023 saw positive financial
      results as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 due to a robust recovery following the elimination of
      COVID-19 restrictions in Macao in late December 2022 and early January 2023.


•     Total net revenues for the Group were US$6.53 billion (HK$51.06 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023, an
      increase of 307.1%, compared to US$1.61 billion (HK$12.51 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2022.


•     Profit for the Group was US$692 million (HK$5.41 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to a loss of
      US$1.58 billion (HK$12.33 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2022.


•     Adjusted property EBITDA for the Group was US$2.23 billion (HK$17.39 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023,
      compared to adjusted property EBITDA loss of US$323 million (HK$2.52 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Note: The translation of US$ amounts into HK$ amounts or vice versa has been made at the rate of US$1.00 to HK$7.8140 (2022: US$1.00 to
      HK$7.7962) for the purposes of illustration only.




                                                                  4
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




Business
At the beginning of 2023, travel restrictions related to the pandemic were lifted, making a great start to our new ten-year
gaming concession. Our properties were positively impacted by the recovery in travel and tourism spending, welcoming
approximately 90 million visitors to our properties in 2023. We continue to enrich and invest in our non-gaming offerings to
drive Sands China’s market-leading revenue and cash flow generation as the recovery in travel and tourism spending in Macao
progresses.


The following sets out some of the highlights of the business in 2023:


•    We celebrated the grand opening of The Londoner Macao, featuring the most luxurious integrated resort we have ever
     developed, as well as many outstanding tourism attractions, unique dining, retail and entertainment offerings;
•    The themed experience at The Londoner Macao was continuously enhanced by the launch of our new attraction “The
     Changing of the Guard” entertainment extravaganza. Opening in May 2023, this spectacular show recreates “The
     Changing of the Guard” in London with a display of British pageantry in the Crystal Palace lobby atrium. “The Changing
     of the Guard” is performed six days a week with a cast of over 20 artists creating a spellbinding and Instagramable
     spectacle, with The Londoner Macao’s Scots guards, heralding trumpeters and drummers appearing across multiple
     levels;
•    In December, an interactive exhibition “Harry PotterTM: The Exhibition” was launched at The Londoner Macao. The
     exhibition explores beloved moments from the film series “Harry Potter” and “Fantastic Beasts”, as well as the Tony
     Award-winning Broadway production “Harry Potter and The Cursed Child”, through powerful storytelling and innovative
     technology;
•    With the return of leisure and MICE events to Macao, Sands Resorts Macao hosted the inaugural “Macao Showcase”
     in Singapore, a three-day event aimed at promoting Macao’s tourism offerings as well as its attractiveness as a MICE
     destination. In addition to this inaugural and very successful destination showcase, Sands Resorts Macao launched its
     annual roadshow series promoting its new lifestyle brand, “Sands Lifestyle” in 8 cities globally, including San Francisco,
     Park City, Taipei, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Seoul, Delhi and Mumbai. These international sales efforts were complimented
     by our active participation in international tradeshows including IMEX Frankfurt, ILTM Asia Pacific, IMEX America, IBTM
     Barcelona and ILTM Cannes. Collaboration with Macao Tourism bodies continued at the Macao Week events hosted
     in Xiamen, Tianjin and Qingdao. The year was concluded with a MICE Mega FAM “ReDiscover Macao”, the first post-
     pandemic mega MICE familiarization trip hosting 200 event professionals from over 13 countries around the world.
     The carefully curated itinerary gave attendees an immersive experience of all that makes Macao a world-class MICE
     destination, part of our on-going support of the Macao Government Tourism Office’s “tourism + MICE” initiative.
     These campaigns and events showcased Sands Resorts Macao as Asia’s leading MICE destination and also reinforced
     our meeting product offerings, highlighting the accommodation, retail, restaurant, entertainment and MICE facilities
     throughout the integrated resort;
•    To provide world-class national and international performing arts offerings to enrich the non-gaming experiences for
     Macao locals and tourists, we have initiated and launched the Sands China Performing Arts Program, bringing 10
     performances to Macao attracting over 11,000 attendees. The program introduced shows including the dance drama
     “Poetic Dance: The Journey of a Legendary Landscape Painting”; the play performed during the final round of the China
     Theatre Plum Blossom Award Competition “The Peony Pavilion”; the legendary Cantonese opera performance “Floral
     Princess”; and Vienna-based quartet “Janoska Ensemble”;
•    In support of “Art Macao: Macao International Art Biennale 2023”, we presented a three-month pop art exhibition
     of “Meet the Magic: In celebration of Disney 100 by Philip Colbert & Jason Naylor” showcasing giant outdoor art
     installations and an impressive array of artworks;


                                                              5
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




•    Following the launch of our permanent art space, Sands Gallery, located at level 6 of The Grand Suites at Four Seasons
     in 2022, various international well-known artist exhibitions were held including “Illumination — Zhaoying Zhang & Sisi
     Wong Dual Solo Exhibition”, “Fang Lijun Ceramic Works Exhibition”, “Behind the Forms: Aesthetics of Contemporary
     Arts — Trio Exhibition by Lei Ieng Wai, Leong Chi Mou and Lai Sio Kit” and “Documental Exhibition of Annual of
     Contemporary Art of China”;
•    With an aim of attracting more international visitors to Macao and providing them with diversified large-scale expo event
     options, we organized and supported a number of international exhibitions in Sands China’s properties including the
     Sands Shopping Carnival 2023 for the fourth consecutive year, which has attracted over 420,000 visitors since debuting
     in 2020; the China (Macau) International Automobile Expo 2023 in November and the China (Macau) High-quality
     Consumption Exhibition & Hengqin Global Bay Areas Forum 2023 in December;
•    “Light up Macao November 2023” was a collaborative project amongst different government entities in partnership with
     Sands China, creating a prestigious nighttime event and the offerings of Macao as a world center of tourism and leisure.
     In collaboration with Japanese artist Kyushu Tankam, six locations were selected to feature his artworks across the Old
     Coloane Village; and
•    As part of our tender commitment to support the revitalization program, we initiated two festive activities at historic sites
     in the fourth quarter:
     o     In support of the Grand Prix 2023 in November, a series of Grand Prix themed installations, interactive photo booths
           and parent-child handcraft workshops were held at the Iec Long Firecracker Factory; and
     o     In celebration of the festive Christmas season during December, we brought the Sands China Performing Arts
           Program Outreach Series — Winter Showcase to the Macao Cultural Center Plaza and The Venetian Macao for a
           total of three outdoor concerts.
During the year, our eCommerce and Digital Marketing team achieved a number of significant milestones including:
•    We entered into a comprehensive partnership with Tencent Video and Maoyan Entertainment (“Maoyan”), leveraging
     each party’s respective strengths across a number of projects, including the hosting of large-scale offline events, content
     creation of lifestyle and entertainment programs, and online marketing and promotion;
     o     We hosted the “Tencent Video All Star Night 2023” — Tencent’s most influential annual event and the first time
           this event hosted outside of mainland China driving over 6.4 billion event online impressions. This also marked the
           first successful collaboration under the partnership between Sands China, Tencent Video and Maoyan.
•    The first in Macao to cooperate with China Media Group (“CMG”) — China’s Official International Media Group, hosting
     the “2024 New Year Concert — Sailing in the Greater Bay Area”. The event was broadcast on CCTV-1, CCTV-3, CCTV-
     15 and CMG’s official media channels;
•    Collaboration with BEYOND Expo — Asia’s leading technology innovation expo — to launch the “Sands Innovation
     Challenge” which aims to promote the long-term and sustainable development of smart tourism and high-tech
     industries;
•    We hosted Youku’s S-class popular music concert “Memories Beyond Horizon — TVB OST Concert”. Youku is China’s
     leading online video and streaming platform;
•    Number #1 market share for both room production and non-room production in Macao on Ctrip — China’s #1 travel
     platform, Fliggy — Alibaba’s travel platform; Meituan — one of China’s top travel platforms; and Agoda — overseas top
     travel platform;
•    The highest number of awards in Macao from Trip.com Group, including Sands Resorts Macao — 2023 Trip.com
     Outstanding Contributing Partner and The Londoner Hotel — 2023 Trip.Best: Best Luxury Hotels of the Year;




                                                               6
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




•     The highest number of awards in Macao from Meituan, including Sands Resorts Macao — 2023 Influential Hotel Group
      of the Year and The Londoner Hotel — 2023 Popular Luxury Hotel of the Year;
•     The highest number of awards in Macao from Agoda, including Sands Resorts Macao — 2023 Strategic Hotel Group and
      The Londoner Hotel — 2023 New Rising Star;
•     “2023 Best Integrated Resort Partnership Award” from Ant International with only two awards globally received by Sands
      China and Marina Bay Sands; and
•     First in Macao to collaborate with KakaoPay — South Korea’s top ePayment platform as a means of driving visitation from
      South Korea to Macao. We launched two e-payment campaigns which drove over 3 million impressions and boosted
      KakaoPay transactions in Macao by 4 times.


Visitation
The Group’s properties are some of the most visited destinations in Macao, attracting families, business visitors and
entertainment seekers from around the world. In 2023, all of our properties, The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The
Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Sands Macao, attracted a combined total of 90 million visitors or approximately 245,000
visitors per day.


Entertainment
Entertainment is at the heart of our business. Since opening in 2007, our 15,000-seat Cotai Arena has become one of the top
live entertainment venues in South China, hosting some of the biggest names in the industry. The Londoner Arena with 6,000
seats was launched in 2022. The theaters at The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao from time to
time offer a variety of ticketed events from Broadway-style musicals to classical ballet. The live entertainment program at our
properties is a key traffic driver and has established the Company as the leader in the field of tourism and leisure activities.


Our various arenas and theaters hosted over 70 different live entertainment events in 2023. All together, these events attracted
more than 560,000 visitors. Major entertainment events held during the year included superstars Jacky Cheung (12 shows),
Eason Chan (9 shows), Amei and A-lin at the Cotai Arena, as well as Hacken Lee (4 shows) and Hins Cheung (10 shows) at
the Londoner Arena. The Cotai Arena was also chosen to host major broadcast shows such as the Tencent 2023 All Star Night
Awards show and the 24th China Music Awards. The Venetian Theatre hosted the “Disney Princess” show as well as cultural
events such as “The Journey of a Legendary Landscape Painting”.


Our entertainment offerings include lounge acts, dancers, singers, gondoliers and street performers, all contributing to a
memorable customer experience at our properties.




                                                               7
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions
As at December 31, 2023, Sands China’s properties featured approximately 1.7 million square feet of MICE space specifically
designed to meet the needs of meeting planners and corporate events and trade show organizers from around the world. The
Cotai Expo at The Venetian Macao is one of the largest exhibition centers in Asia and has hosted some of the region’s biggest
exhibitions. Our experience and expertise in this industry continues to drive leisure and business tourism in Macao and make
us the region’s MICE leader. MICE organizers have a diverse range of accommodation choices, including hotel brands such as
Conrad, Sheraton and St. Regis to satisfy a wider demographic of event attendees. Our “Green Meetings” initiative as part of
the Sands ECO360 Global Sustainability Program has helped us meet the sustainability and environmentally-friendly conference
needs that event planners are seeking.


Sands China attracted approximately 587,000 visitors to Macao as a result of MICE events held throughout the year, with
approximately 468,000 visitors attending 31 exhibitions and trade shows, and approximately 119,000 conference and
corporate visitors attending 599 meetings, incentive and social events.


Highlights and New Shows during the year include:
•    The Cotai Expo has both ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification and ISO 20121 Event Sustainability System
     certification;
•    The Jumptopia Little Gourmet Festival in Macao attracted approximately 38,000 visitors; and
•    The 1st “China-Portuguese Speaking Countries Economic and Trade Expo (Macao)” (C-PLPEX) attracted approximately
     16,000 visitors.


Returning Fairs and Expos in 2023 include:
•    The 11th Macao International Travel (Industry) Expo attracted approximately 36,000 visitors;
•    The Beyond International Technology Innovation Expo 2023 attracted approximately 30,000 visitors;
•    The 28th Macao International Trade & Investment Fair (MIF) attracted approximately 28,000 visitors; and
•    The Macao International Environmental Co-operation Forum & Exhibition (MIECF) 2023 attracted approximately 20,000
     visitors.


Other notable events held during 2023 include:
•    The Sands Shopping Carnival 2023 attracted approximately 106,000 visitors; and
•    The Play Hub Expo 2023 attracted approximately 45,000 visitors.




                                                             8
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




Awards
Sands China’s properties continue to set the standard in customer service, MICE, leisure and business travel. Since the opening
of The Venetian Macao in 2007, we have received numerous prestigious awards for being Asia’s leading integrated resort
for leisure and business tourism, as well as for our on-going commitment to sustainable practices. Awards received in 2023
include:

Sands China Ltd.
     PATA Gold Awards 2023                                              TTG China Travel Awards 2023
     Human Capital Development Initiative                               Best Resort in China — Sands Resorts Macao

     HRoot Awards 2023                                                  M&C Asia Stella Awards 2023
     Best HR Shared Service Center in Greater China 2023                Best Integrated Resort (MICE)
                                                                        — Sands Resorts Macao

The Venetian Macao
     Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                           Travel + Leisure Luxury Awards Asia Pacific 2023
     Recommended                                                        Best Integrated Resort

     DestinAsian Readers’ Choice Awards 2023                            2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List
     Best Hotel in Macau — Bronze                                       Platinum — Jiang Nan by Jereme Leung
                                                                        Platinum — Pin Yue Xuan
                                                                        Gold — Hiro by Hiroshi Kagata
                                                                        Silver — Imperial House Dim Sum
                                                                        Silver — North

The Londoner Macao
     Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                           The Stella Awards 2023
     Five-Star Rating — The Londoner Hotel                              Silver Medal of Best Boutique Property (International
     Five-Star Rating — Londoner Court                                     and U.S. Territories)

     2023 Condé Nast Traveler Gold List                                 Target Taste Awards 2023
     “China Top 10 Hotels” Award — The Londoner Hotel                   Luxury Hotel of the Year — The Londoner Hotel
                                                                        Luxury Hotel of the Year — Londoner Court
     The 20th Golden-Pillow Competitiveness of Hotels                   Chinese Restaurant of the Year — The Huaiyang
     2023 Most Popular Luxury Hotel — The Londoner Hotel                  Garden

     Michelin Guide Hong Kong & Macau 2023                              2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List
     One-Star Rating — The Huaiyang Garden                              Diamond — The Huaiyang Garden
                                                                        Gold — Chiado
                                                                        Gold — Churchill’s Table
                                                                        Gold — North Palace




                                                              9
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2023




Four Seasons Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                       Michelin Guide Hong Kong & Macau 2023
    Five-Star Rating — Four Seasons Macao                          One-Star Rating — Zi Yat Heen
    Five-Star Rating — The Spa at Four Seasons
    Five-Star Rating — Zi Yat Heen                                 2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List
                                                                   Diamond — Zi Yat Heen
    2023 Black Pearl Restaurant Guide                              Gold — Belcanção
    by Meituan Dianping                                            Gold — Xiao Ting
    1-Diamond — Zi Yat Heen


The Grand Suites at Four Seasons
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                       2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List
    Five-Star Rating — The Grand Suites at Four Seasons            Gold — Vista 38


Sheraton Grand Macao
    DestinAsian Readers’ Choice Awards 2023
    Best Hotel in Macau — Silver


The St. Regis Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                       TTG China Travel Awards 2023
    Four-Star Rating — The St. Regis Macao                         Best Luxury Hotel in Macao
    Four-Star Rating — Iridium Spa
                                                                   DestinAsian Readers’ Choice Awards 2023
    2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List                     Best Hotel in Macau — Gold
    Platinum — The Manor


Conrad Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                       World Travel Awards 2023
    Four-Star Rating — Conrad Macao                                China’s Leading Conference Hotel
    Four-Star Rating — Bodhi Spa

The Parisian Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                       2023 Black Pearl Restaurant Guide
    Recommended                                                      by Meituan Dianping
                                                                   2-Diamond — La Chine
    Target Taste Awards 2023
    Family Hotel of the Year — The Parisian Macao                  2023 Trip.com Global Elite Restaurant List
    Special Restaurant of the Year — La Chine                      Diamond — La Chine
                                                                   Gold — Brasserie
                                                                   Gold — Le Buffet
                                                                   Gold — Lotus Palace




                                                          10
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                        SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                                      DIRECTORS
  As at the Latest Practicable Date, our Board of Directors consists of eight Directors, four of whom are Independent Non-
               Executive Directors. The following table sets forth certain information concerning our Directors:


 Name                                    Title
 Robert Glen Goldstein                   Chairman of the Board and Non-Executive Director
 Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)                 Executive Vice Chairman and Executive Director
 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                   Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director
 Charles Daniel Forman                   Non-Executive Director
 Chiang Yun (Rachel)                     Independent Non-Executive Director
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink              Independent Non-Executive Director
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                   Independent Non-Executive Director


                              Chairman of the Board and Non-Executive Director
                                           Robert Glen Goldstein
aged 68, is the Chairman of our Board, a Non-Executive Director (since January 24, 2024), and the Chairman of the Nomination
 Committee. Mr. Goldstein was our Chief Executive Officer from January 2021 to 2024 and our interim president from March
   to November 2015. He has served as Non-Executive Director and Executive Director of the Company and has held various
    positions at the Company since May 2014. Mr. Goldstein has been the chairman and chief executive officer of LVS since
 January 2021 and has been a director of LVS and LVS Nevada since January 2015. He previously served as LVS’ president and
 chief operating officer from January 2015 until January 2021, LVS’ president of global gaming operations from January 2011
   until December 2014, LVS’ executive vice president from July 2009 until December 2014, and LVS’ secretary from August
 2016 to November 2016. He has held other senior executive positions at LVS and its subsidiaries since 1995. From 1992 until
joining LVS in 1995, Mr. Goldstein was the executive vice president of marketing at the Sands Hotel in Atlantic City, as well as
 an executive vice president of the parent Pratt Hotel Corporation. Mr. Goldstein holds a Bachelor of Arts, History and Political
   Science, Magna Cum Laude, from the University of Pittsburgh and a Juris Doctorate from the Temple University School of
Law. In 1980, he became a member of the Pennsylvania Bar Association. Mr. Goldstein was re-designated as a Non-Executive
                                                  Director on January 24, 2024.




                                                               11
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                               Executive Vice Chairman and Executive Director
                                        Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)
 aged 71, is our Executive Vice Chairman (since January 24, 2024), an Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration
   Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company,
 including VML. Dr. Wong was our President from November 2015 until January 2024 and served as Chief Operating Officer
  from November 2015 until February 2020. He is the chairman of the Hong Kong Film Development Council, the chairman
  emeritus of the Hong Kong Baptist University Foundation, the chairman and director of The Hong Kong International Film
Festival Society Limited, Asian Film Awards Academy Limited and Hong Kong Institute for Public Administration, the chairman
  emeritus and director of Pacific Basin Economic Council Limited and a member of the Tourism Development Committee of
the Macao government. He is also the chairman of the Hong Kong Arts Development Fund Advisory Committee since January
  1, 2023, the vice-chairman of the culture commission of the Hong Kong government since March 1, 2023, the honorable
  president of the Macau Research Association for Macau Gaming Law since October 28, 2023 and a member of the Board
 of Governors of City University of Hong Kong Foundation since December 15, 2023. He was an independent non-executive
director of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited, listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 868) from November 2007 until June 2022.


   Dr. Wong joined the private sector in 1992 and has held senior management positions in a number of Hong Kong listed
   companies in the property development and construction business sectors including Hsin Chong Group Holdings Limited
(ceased listing with effect on December 31, 2019), K. Wah International Holdings Limited, Henderson China Holdings Limited,
 and the Shui On Group. Dr. Wong joined the Hong Kong government as an administrative officer in 1975 and subsequently
 served in a number of key positions including deputy secretary for the civil service and deputy director — general of industry.
He was appointed as a member of The Basic Law Consultative Committee from 1985 to 1990. He was subsequently appointed
as a member of the Preliminary Working Committee for the Hong Kong Preparatory Committee in 1993 and a member of the
Hong Kong Preparatory Committee in 1995. Dr. Wong was a deputy to the National People’s Congress of China from 1997 to
                                                            2013.


     Dr. Wong was awarded the grand bauhinia medal, gold bauhinia star and the silver bauhinia star by the Hong Kong
government in 2022, 2015 and 2007 respectively. Dr. Wong was conferred the degree of Doctor of Humanities honoris causa
 by the Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2013. He was educated at Harvard University (MPA), University of Oxford,
  The University of Hong Kong (BSocSc) and The Chinese University of Hong Kong. Dr. Wong was appointed as an Executive
                                              Director on January 22, 2016.




                                                              12
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                         Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director
                                        Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
aged 48, is our Chief Executive Officer and President (since January 24, 2024), an Executive Director and the Chairman of the
Capex Committee. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company, including VML. Mr. Chum concurrently serves
as Executive Vice President — Asia Operations at LVS since July 2022, with oversight over LVS’ operations in Asia. Mr. Chum
was our Chief Operating Officer from February 2020 until January 2024. He joined LVS and our Group as Senior Vice President,
Global Gaming Strategy in 2013 and served as Chief of Staff from March 2015 until February 2020. He is an independent non-
executive director and member of the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee at Kerry Properties Limited, listed on the
                                              Stock Exchange (Stock code: 683).


Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Chum spent 14 years at UBS Investment Bank in a variety of roles, including serving as managing
director, head of Hong Kong equity research and head of China equity research. He was named Asia’s stock-picker of the year
 by the Financial Times in 2011. Mr. Chum graduated in Philosophy, Politics and Economics with First Class Honors from the
                   University of Oxford. Mr. Chum was appointed as an Executive Director on January 7, 2021.


                                                Non-Executive Director
                                          Charles Daniel Forman
  aged 77, is a Non-Executive Director. Mr. Forman has been a director of LVS since August 2004. Mr. Forman served as the
chairman and chief executive officer of Centric Events Group, LLC, a trade show and conference business from April 2002 until
  his retirement upon the sale of the business in 2007. From 2000 to 2002, he served as a director of a private company and
participated in various private equity investments. During 2000, he was the executive vice president of international operations
  of Key3Media, Inc. From 1998 to 2000, he was the chief legal officer of ZD Events Inc., a tradeshow business that included
   COMDEX. From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Forman was the executive vice president, chief financial and legal officer of Softbank
 Comdex Inc. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Forman was the vice president and general counsel of Interface Group Nevada, Inc., a
tradeshow and convention business that owned and operated COMDEX. Mr. Forman was in private law practice from 1972 to
1988. Mr. Forman was a member of the board of trustees of The Dana-Farber Cancer Institute until February 2021. Mr. Forman
 holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Pennsylvania and a Juris Doctorate from the Boston University School of Law.
                            Mr. Forman was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on May 30, 2014.




                                                              13
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                      Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                            Chiang Yun (Rachel)
      aged 56, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairlady of the ESG Committee and a member of the Audit
      Committee and the Nomination Committee. With over 25 years of private equity investment experience, Ms. Chiang
      is currently a director of Prospere Capital Limited. Ms. Chiang is an independent non-executive director of Goodbaby
International Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1086) and Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited (Stock code: 432), both
listed on the Stock Exchange. Ms. Chiang is also a non-executive director of Yantai Changyu Pioneer Wine Company Limited,
 listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000869). She is also a non-executive director of Jebsen & Co. Ltd. since
January 1, 2024. Ms. Chiang was one of the founding managing partners of Pacific Alliance Equity Partners, the private equity
 division of Pacific Alliance Group until March 2018 and an independent non-executive director of Merlin Entertainments Plc.
(ceased listing on the London Stock Exchange with effect from November 5, 2019) until November 2019. Ms. Chiang obtained
her Executive Master of Business Administration from The Kellogg Graduate School of Management of Northwestern University
  and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Bachelor of Science degree, cum laude, from Virginia Polytechnic
   Institute and State University. Ms. Chiang was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on October 14, 2009.


                                  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink AM
aged 70, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
  Committee, the Capex Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Hoog Antink is the chairman of the Bond Business
School Board of Advisors in Australia and the Must Sell Global Limited group of companies. He is also the former chairman of
 South Bank Corporation and Property Industry Foundation and a former member of the Bond University Council in Australia.
Mr. Hoog Antink retired as the chief executive officer of DEXUS Property Group in March 2012, listed on the Australian Stock
Exchange (ASX: DXS). Prior to joining DEXUS Property Group in 2003, Mr. Hoog Antink was the director of funds management
  of Westfield Holdings Limited in Sydney. Mr. Hoog Antink has also held positions with Greenprint Foundation as a director,
  Property Council of Australia as national president, Shopping Centre Council of Australia as a director, McIntosh Securities
Limited, Sydney as a director in corporate and property, Allco Finance Group Limited, Sydney as a director in property finance,
    Chase Corporation Limited, Sydney as a property director, and Hill Samuel Limited (now Macquarie Bank), Sydney as an
associate director. Mr. Hoog Antink holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Queensland and a Master of Business
Administration from Harvard Business School. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, a Fellow of the
 Institute of Chartered Accountants, Australia and New Zealand, a Fellow of the Australian Property Institute and a Fellow of
the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors. In 2016, Mr. Hoog Antink was awarded National Life Membership of the Property
   Council of Australia. In January 2023, Mr Hoog Antink was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for significant
service to the property industry, and to corporate governance. Mr. Hoog Antink possesses the accounting and related financial
 management expertise required under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. Mr. Hoog Antink was appointed as an Independent
                                          Non-Executive Director on December 7, 2012.




                                                             14
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                         SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                          Steven Zygmunt Strasser
aged 75, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Strasser has spent 28 years heading energy companies in the United States and in Asia. Mr. Strasser was, until
June 2012, (i) the chairman, director and chief executive officer of Power Efficiency Corporation, a startup clean-tech company
in the United States and (ii) the chairman, director and chief executive officer of Power Efficiency Asia Ltd. In 2001, Mr. Strasser
founded and became the chief executive officer of Summit Energy Ventures LLC, a clean-tech venture capital fund. Mr. Strasser
holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Economics and a Bachelor of Civil Law from McGill University and a Juris Doctor
   degree from the University of Washington. He also pursued post-graduate studies in international law at the University of
           Aixen-Provence. Mr. Strasser was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on May 31, 2013.


                                           Kenneth Patrick Chung
aged 66, is an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee and the ESG Committee. Mr. Chung
  is currently an independent non-executive director of China Construction Bank Corporation, listed on the Stock Exchange
(Stock code: 939), an independent non-executive director of Prudential Hong Kong Limited and Prudential General Insurance
   Hong Kong Limited and a trustee of Fu Tak Iam Foundation Limited. Mr. Chung joined Deloitte Haskins and Sells London
  Office in 1980. Mr. Chung became a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1992, and was a financial service specialist of
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Hong Kong and China) since 1996. He was the human resources partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers
 (Hong Kong), the responsible partner of the audit department of PricewaterhouseCoopers (Hong Kong and China), and the
global lead partner of the audit engagement team for Bank of China Limited. Mr. Chung has also served as the audit partner
 for the restructurings and initial public offerings of Bank of China Limited, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited and Bank of
Communications Co., Ltd. Mr. Chung retired from PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2009. Mr. Chung was the honorary treasurer of
Community Chest of Hong Kong and the vice-chairman of International Social Service Hong Kong Branch. Mr. Chung was also
an independent non-executive director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock
code: 1398) until March 2017 and an independent non-executive director of Prudential Corporation Asia Ltd until September
 2019. Mr. Chung received his bachelor degree in economics from the University of Durham. He is a member of the Institute
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a
member of the Macau Society of Certified Practicing Accountants. Mr. Chung possesses the accounting and related financial
 management expertise required under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. Mr. Chung was appointed as an Independent Non-
                                                Executive Director on July 15, 2016.




                                                                15
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                            SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                     As at the Latest Practicable Date, details of our senior management are as follows:


                                        Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)
aged 71, is our Executive Vice Chairman (since January 24, 2024), an Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration
                                Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee.


                                        Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
aged 48, is our Chief Executive Officer and President (since January 24, 2024), an Executive Director and the Chairman of the
                                                      Capex Committee.


                                               Sun MinQi (Dave)
aged 50, is our Executive Vice President (since January 24, 2024) and Chief Financial Officer. He is also the managing director
of VML and a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Sun joined the Company in 2007 and served as Senior Vice
  President of Finance from October 2013 until April 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sun held a variety of financial
controller and financial management positions with various divisions of General Electric in Shanghai and Singapore since 1996.
Mr. Sun graduated from Fudan University in Shanghai in 1996 with a Bachelor degree in Economics and Financial Management
 and a minor in Computer Science and Application. He subsequently obtained a Master of Business Administration from the
              Southern Illinois University Carbondale, United States. Mr. Sun is a fellow of CPA (FCPA) Australia.


                                           Dylan James Williams
aged 48, is our Executive Vice President (since January 24, 2024), General Counsel and Company Secretary. He is also a director
 of various subsidiaries of the Company, including VML. Mr. Williams joined the Company in 2006 and served as Senior Vice
  President of Legal and Company Secretary from January 2017 until February 2020. Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Laws
(LLB(Hons)) degree from the United Kingdom and is admitted to practice law in the State of New York. Mr. Williams is a fellow
                                  member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




                                                             16
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
        SANDS CHINA LTD.


2.1 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Something
Sumptuous
To Suit Every
Taste.




              17
       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                2.1 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to provide an update on the Company’s financial and
operating results in 2023 and the execution of our strategic objectives during the year.

Our founder, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, pioneered the development of the Cotai Strip in Macao, leading the Company and the
team he created in the rapid and market-leading development of a critical mass of world-class integrated resorts in Macao.
Mr. Adelson’s commitment to pushing forward with diversification and investment in non-gaming amenities in Macao was
unwavering, as was his commitment to a strong and healthy US-China relationship, supported by robust dialogue and mutual
respect. The Company, with the full and wholehearted support of the Board and the Adelson family, continues to honor Mr.
Adelson’s vision and commitments, including through additional investments that contribute to the diversification of Macao
and build upon his legacy.

At the beginning of 2023, travel restrictions related to the pandemic were lifted. These restrictions had been in place
throughout 2020, 2021 and 2022, and had meaningfully limited the ability for visitors from mainland China and elsewhere to
visit Macao. The lifting of these restrictions enabled a recovery in travel and tourism spending in Macao. Visitation to Macao
exceeded 28 million visits in 2023, compared to approximately 6 million visits in 2022.

The Company’s operations in Macao in 2023 were positively impacted by the recovery in travel and tourism spending. Total
net revenues for the Company were approximately US$6.53 billion, an increase of more than 300% compared to the US$1.61
billion in 2022. As a result of strong revenue growth and our Company’s continued focus on cost control, we recorded adjusted
property EBITDA of US$2.23 billion for 2023, compared to an adjusted property EBITDA loss of US$323 million in 2022.

We celebrated the grand opening of The Londoner Macao in 2023. The Londoner Macao features many outstanding tourism
attractions as well as unique dining, retail and entertainment offerings. The new suite product at The Londoner Macao
represents the finest and most luxurious accommodation of any integrated resort we have ever developed. We believe the
tourism offerings of The Londoner Macao will be transformative for Macao and the Cotai Strip, further enhancing Macao’s
tourism appeal.

The Company’s new ten-year gaming concession was implemented in early 2023. We are gratified by the opportunity to
continue our decades-long commitment to making investments that enhance the tourism appeal of Macao and support its
development as a world center of tourism. We have already invested more than US$15 billion to deliver on our promise to help
Macao in its economic diversification and its continued evolution into Asia’s leading leisure and business tourism destination.
Our investment includes more than 12,000 hotel rooms and suites, 2.2 million square feet (approximately 200,000 square
meters) of retail-mall offerings and 1.7 million square feet (approximately 154,000 square meters) of MICE capacity.

The Company remains deeply confident in the future of Macao and considers Macao an ideal market for additional capital
investment. We have committed to spending an additional US$4.50 billion on a combination of capital and operating
investments in Macao through 2032.




                                                              18
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.1 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




We recently announced an additional US$1.2 billion of investment at The Londoner Macao to be substantially completed
in early 2025. This investment will further elevate the customer experience for visitors to The Londoner Macao and further
enhance Macao’s tourism appeal.

While the easing of travel restrictions has had a positive impact on the market throughout 2023, visitation to Macao has not
yet recovered to pre-pandemic levels, particularly from areas of mainland China outside Guangdong province and from foreign
markets. We believe the Macao market will benefit from continued recovery in travel and tourism spending, as the meaningful
infrastructure investments being made in Macao and throughout the Greater Bay Area continue to benefit the region.

We regard it as a privilege to continue to contribute to Macao’s success in realizing its important objectives of diversifying
its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its local
residents, including through our Sands China Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia’s leading leisure and business
tourism destination.

We could not have achieved our many successes this year without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s more than
25,000 team members. I thank all our team members for their efforts and I look forward to their on-going contributions in the
years ahead.

Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: continue the execution of our Cotai Strip development initiatives
by leveraging our convention-based integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to contribute to Macao’s
diversification. These efforts will drive Sands China’s market-leading revenue and cash flow generation as the recovery in travel
and tourism spending in Macao progresses.

We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook that will benefit from our industry-leading
investments and unmatched scale as economic growth, wealth creation and increased demand for travel and entertainment in
Asia continue in the years ahead. We look forward to sharing the Company’s success with you and other shareholders at the
upcoming Sands China Annual General Meeting.

Thank you for the confidence you have placed in us.



Robert Glen Goldstein
Chairman of the Board

March 15, 2024




                                                              19
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




We are a leading developer, owner and operator of large-scale integrated resorts in Macao. In 2023, we welcomed
approximately 90 million leisure and business visits at our properties on Cotai and on the Macao Peninsula.


Our founder, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sheldon Gary Adelson, began investing in Macao from 2002
after the award of the gaming subconcession to operate casino games and other games of chance. His vision and goal were to
develop large-scale integrated resorts with a variety of world-class amenities and create an international tourism destination.
This helped facilitate Macao’s objective of long-term economic diversification and growth in tourism.


Today, with nearly 30 million square feet of interconnected facilities on Cotai, we are the largest integrated resorts operator in
Macao. Our integrated resorts not only offer gaming areas, but also the most four and five-star rated hotel rooms compared to
any other single developer in the market. Our integrated resorts also collectively feature the largest capacity in meeting space,
convention and exhibition halls, retail and dining areas and entertainment venues. We believe our integrated resorts are unique
in Macao and differentiate us from our competitors due to their size and scale, the diverse range of non-gaming amenities, and
our focus on leisure and business tourism.


Macao is the largest gaming market in the world and the only location in China offering legalized casino gaming. VML, our
subsidiary, holds one of the six concessions administered by the Macao government to operate casinos or gaming areas in
Macao.


We developed, own and operate The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
Sands Macao. We also own the Cotai Expo, one of the largest convention and exhibition centers in Asia, as well as some of
Macao’s largest entertainment venues, the Cotai Arena and the Londoner Arena. Our properties collectively feature 12,392
luxury suites and hotel rooms (including 19 ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions), 154 different restaurants and food outlets, theaters
for live performances, as well as other integrated resort amenities. Please refer to section 2.4 of this Annual Report for more
information of our properties.


Our integrated resort brands, including The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao, are aspirational
and recognized throughout China and Asia for their quality and services and leave a lasting impression on our customers.


We were the first developer in Macao to feature world-class global hospitality brands in our hotel offerings on Cotai, including
the Four Seasons, St. Regis, Conrad and Sheraton.


Within our integrated resorts, we also operate some of the largest and most profitable retail malls in Asia, showcasing over
720 shops, which occupy approximately 2.2 million square feet of retail space. Our retail malls are home to many global luxury
designer brands and leading Asian retail brands.


We own and operate Cotai Water Jet, one of the two major high-speed ferry operators between Hong Kong and Macao,
facilitating leisure and business travelers to reach Macao from Hong Kong.




                                                               20
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




KEY STRENGTHS
We have a number of key strengths that differentiate us from our competitors, including:
•   Diversified, high quality integrated resort offerings with substantial non-gaming amenities;
•   Substantial and diversified sources of cash flow from existing operations;
•   Market leadership in the growing high-margin mass market gaming segment;
•   Established brands with broad regional and international market awareness and appeal;
•   Experienced management team with a proven track record;
•   Unique MICE and entertainment facilities; and
•   Significant benefits from our on-going relationship with LVS.


BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Our business strategy is to develop Cotai and to leverage our large-scale integrated resort business model to create Asia’s
premier gaming, leisure, convention and meetings destination. Our interconnected integrated resorts, which have a wide range
of branded hotel and resort offerings, are designed to attract different segments of the market throughout the year. We believe
our business strategy and development plan allow us to achieve a more consistent demand, longer average length of stay in
our hotels, more diversified sources of revenue and higher margins than gaming-centric facilities.


Building on our key strengths, we seek to enhance our position as the leading developer and operator of integrated resorts and
casinos in Macao by continuing to implement the following business strategies:
•     Developing and diversifying our integrated resort offerings on Cotai to include a full complement of products
      and services to cater to different market segments. Our development on Cotai includes four integrated resorts,
      MICE space, retail, dining and entertainment facilities and a range of hotel offerings, including branded suites and
      hotel rooms, to cater to different segments of our market. In addition to The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao
      Hotel, Londoner Court and The Parisian Macao hotel rooms, we also have the Four Seasons Macao, The Grand Suites at
      Four Seasons, the Conrad Macao, the Sheraton Grand Macao and The St. Regis Macao suites and hotel rooms. We are
      able to leverage the recognition and the sales, marketing and reservation capabilities of these premier hotel brands to
      attract a wide range of customers from different market segments to our properties. We believe our partnerships with
      renowned hotel management partners, our diverse integrated resort offerings and the convenience and accessibility of
      our properties will continue to enhance the appeal of our properties to both the leisure and business customer segments.
•     Leveraging our scale of operations to create and maintain an absolute cost advantage. Management expects to
      benefit from lower unit costs due to the economies of scale inherent in our operations. Opportunities for lower unit costs
      include, but are not limited to, lower utility costs; more efficient staffing of hotel and gaming operations; and centralized
      transportation, marketing and sales, and procurement. In addition, our scale allows us to consolidate certain back-office
      functions.
•     Focusing on the high-margin mass market gaming segment, while continuing to provide luxury amenities and
      high service levels to our VIP and premium players. The scale and product mix of our integrated resort properties
      allow us to participate very effectively in all segments of the market. We believe the mass market segment will continue
      to exhibit long-term growth as a result of continuing economic growth, expansion of the middle class and increasing
      number of high net worth individuals in our market, accompanied by supportive long-term trends in business and leisure
      tourism. Our properties are positioned to harness future growth in the mass market that comprise our most profitable
      gaming segment, while delivering the immersive destination resort experiences that create loyalty with VIP and premium
      players.
•     Identifying targeted investment opportunities to drive growth across our portfolio. We will continue to invest
      in the expansion of our facilities and the enhancement of the leisure and business tourism appeal of our Cotai property
      portfolio. Our planned development projects include fulfilling capital and operating investment requirements as part of
      the Macao gaming concession and the next phase of the renovation and redevelopment of The Londoner Macao.

                                                               21
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




INDUSTRY
The Macao government announced total gross gaming revenues in Macao were MOP183.06 billion in 2023 (approximately
US$22.74 billion), a 333.8% increase compared to 2022 and a 37.4% decrease compared to 2019. In addition, total visitation
to Macao in 2023 was 28 million, a 394.9% increase compared to 2022 and a 28.4% decrease compared to 2019.


Macao is the largest gaming market in the world and the only location in China offering legalized casino gaming. We believe
visitation will return to pre-pandemic levels and will continue to experience meaningful long-term growth. We believe this
growth will be driven by a variety of factors, including the movement of Chinese citizens to urban centers in China, the
continued growth of the Chinese outbound tourism market, the increased utilization of existing transportation infrastructure,
the introduction of new transportation infrastructure and the continued increase in hotel room inventory in Macao and
neighboring Hengqin Island. There has been significant investment announced and recently completed by Concessionaires
in new resort development projects on Cotai. These factors should help increase the critical mass on Cotai and further drive
Macao’s transformation into a leading business and leisure tourism hub in Asia.


We believe the development of additional integrated resort products in Macao will also drive a higher demand for gaming
products. Table games are the dominant form of gaming in Asia, with Baccarat being the most popular game. In 2023,
according to DICJ statistics, mass gaming and slot segments represented 75% of the market revenue. We believe we will
continue to experience Macao market-leading visitation and are focused on driving high-margin mass market gaming, while
providing luxury amenities and high service levels to our VIP and premium players. We will continue to introduce products
catering to this growing customer segment and believe our continuing improvement in our high-quality gaming product
offerings has enabled us to capture a meaningful share of the overall Macao gaming market across all player segments.


Proximity to major Asian cities
Visitors from Hong Kong, South China, Taiwan and other locations in Asia can reach Macao in a relatively short time, using
a variety of transportation methods, and visitors from more distant locations in Asia can take advantage of short travel times
by air to Zhuhai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou or Hong Kong, followed by a road, ferry or helicopter trip to Macao. In addition,
numerous air carriers fly directly into Macau International Airport from many major cities in Asia.


Macao drew a significant number of customers who are visitors or residents of Hong Kong. One of the major methods of
transportation to Macao from Hong Kong is the jetfoil ferry service, including our ferry services, Cotai Water Jet. The Hong
Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge (the “HZMB”), connecting Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai, has reduced the travel time between
Hong Kong and Macao from one hour by ferry to approximately 45 minutes on the road. The HZMB is part of the Greater Bay
Area Initiative and plays a key role in connecting the cities in the Greater Bay Area, facilitating the visitation to Macao. Macao
is also accessible from Hong Kong by helicopter.




                                                               22
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Competition in Macao
Gaming in Macao is administered by the Macao government through concessions awarded to six different Concessionaires, of
which we are one. The other Concessionaires are SJM, Wynn Resorts Macau, Galaxy, MGM Grand Paradise and Melco.


Our operations also face competition from other gaming and resort destinations, both in Asia and globally.


RETAIL MALL OPERATIONS
We own and operate retail malls (with approximately 2.2 million square feet of gross retail space) at our integrated resorts at
The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao.


Our malls are designed to complement our other unique amenities and service offerings provided by our integrated resorts.
Our strategy is to seek out desirable tenants that appeal to our patrons and provide a wide variety of shopping options. We
generate our mall revenue primarily from leases with tenants through base minimum rents, overage rents and reimbursements
for common area maintenance and other expenditures. For further information related to the financial performance of our
malls, please refer to section 2.5 of this Annual Report.


The table below set forth certain information regarding our mall operations on Cotai as at December 31, 2023.

  Mall                                            Total GLA(1)                  Selected Significant Tenants


  Shoppes at Venetian                                     818,686(2)            ZARA, Victoria’s Secret, UNIQLO, Tiffany & Co., Rolex,
                                                                                Bvlgari, MUJI, Marks & Spencer, Tommy Hilfiger,
                                                                                Cartier, Chaumet, Longines, Omega, Polo Ralph Lauren,
                                                                                Kenzo

  Shoppes at Londoner                                     611,905               Marks & Spencer, Chow Tai Fook, Apple, Bottega Veneta,
                                                                                Gucci, Burberry, Tod’s, V&A, DFS, Tory Burch, The
                                                                                Cheesecake Factory, Shake Shack, Jimmy Choo, Alexander
                                                                                McQueen, Polo Ralph Lauren, Stella McCartney, Emporio
                                                                                Armani, Canada Goose, Harry Potter: The Exhibition

  Shoppes at Parisian                                     296,352               Versace Jeans Couture, Antonia, Champion, Jaeger-
                                                                                LeCoultre, Breitling, I.T Menswear, Temptation

  Shoppes at Four Seasons                                 249,373               Cartier, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Hermès, Gucci, Dior,
                                                                                Versace, Zegna, Loro Piana, Saint Laurent, Balenciaga,
                                                                                Loewe, Roger Vivier, Christian Louboutin, Alexander
                                                                                McQueen, Miu Miu, Tiffany & Co., Rimowa


Notes:
(1)      Represents Gross Leasable Area in square feet.
(2)      Excludes approximately 130,000 square feet of space on the fifth floor currently not on the market for lease.




                                                                           23
                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




OTHER OPERATIONS
As part of our goal to drive visitation to Cotai and improve the customer experience in Macao, we have made targeted
investments to facilitate the development of Macao’s transportation network. Our transportation operations comprise of the
high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services between Hong Kong and Macao, Cotai Limo services, Cotai Shuttle bus services,
airplane services for VIP and premium players, and travel agencies.


Cotai Water Jet Ferry Services
In November 2007, we launched our high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services between the Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal
and the Taipa Ferry Terminal. We transported passengers between the Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal and the Taipa Ferry
Terminal near our Cotai Strip development with our fleet of ferries. The Group had suspended its ferry operations between
Hong Kong and Macao in response to the COVID-19 Pandemic in early 2020 and resumed the Cotai Water Jet ferry services
between Hong Kong and Macao on January 8, 2023.


The Cotai Water Jet ferry services are fully managed and operated on our behalf by Chu Kong High-Speed Ferry Co., Ltd.,
through catamarans owned by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries within the Group. Each custom-built catamaran has the
capacity to carry more than 400 passengers and operate at top speeds of approximately 42 knots.


We operate our ferry services pursuant to a renewed ten-year license granted by the Macao government on November 8, 2019
with an expiry date on January 13, 2030.


Cotai Limo Services
Our Cotai Limo service fleet consists of over 100 limousines. It operates 24/7 and includes 25 signature vehicles, which are
provided on an exclusive basis to our VIP and premium players. Fleet deployment is managed through a centralized dispatch
office for all pre-booked services, while additional vehicles are stationed at various locations to provide “on demand” services.


Cotai Shuttle Bus Services
We operate a fleet of 139 (34 owned, 105 leased) complimentary shuttle buses as at December 31, 2023. These shuttle buses
transport passengers between our properties and the Macau Maritime Ferry Terminal, the Taipa Ferry Terminal and the Macau
International Airport every five to ten minutes during peak periods. These shuttle buses are also supported by additional 40
coaches available on request when demand increases. The Cotai Shuttle also runs to and from two border checkpoints to
mainland China, the Gongbei border gate and Macao area of Hengqin Port, transporting visitors directly to and between our
properties every five to ten minutes during peak periods. The services between the Taipa Ferry Terminal and our properties
provide a connecting service for all Cotai Water Jet ferry arrivals and direct visitors to our properties. All of these routes maintain
a regular schedule, although the exact operating hours are dependent on the specific route. Most routes operate at a minimum
of 12 hours every day. We also follow the Macau Transport Bureau’s direction to transport passengers directly between
properties and the HZMB Macao port during peak public holidays.




                                                                 24
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                    2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Airplane Services
Through a shared services agreement with LVS, we have access to a fleet of 17 corporate configured airplanes. All airplanes are
owned by LVS or by various related entities of LVS’ controlling shareholder and are operated by Sands Aviation, LLC, an affiliate
of our Company. We can deploy these airplanes to bring VIP and premium players from around the globe to our properties.


Cotai Ticketing
Cotai Ticketing was established in 2007 to provide ticketing services for all events and exhibitions at our properties. Cotai
Ticketing currently sells tickets for events at the Cotai Arena, The Venetian Theatre, Londoner Arena, The Londoner Theatre,
The Parisian Theatre, Sands Theatre, and other venues at our properties. Cotai Ticketing has eight box office locations across
the properties and a call center based in Macao with three language options and direct phone numbers for Asian and North
American countries. We also sell tickets online 24/7 at our website www.CotaiTicketing.com. This website is available in two
languages — English and Chinese (Simplified and Traditional).


Travel Agencies
We have our own travel agency, CotaiTravel, in Macao. We have also developed partnerships with a large number of tour and
travel companies throughout Asia. These agencies provide reservations for accommodation, travel to Macao and for various
shows and other activities and entertainment amenities at our properties.




                                                              25
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                             2.3 CONCESSION




On December 16, 2022, the Macao government awarded VML, a wholly owned subsidiary of SCL, one of six concessions to
operate casinos in Macao. This Concession is encapsulated in a ten-year agreement that took effect on January 1, 2023.


On December 30, 2022, pursuant to the terms of VML’s Subconcession, VML and certain other subsidiaries of the Company
committed to the Macao government to transfer back the Gaming Assets without compensation and free of any liens or
charges upon the Subconcession’s expiry. On the same day, VML and the Macao government entered into a Handover Record
granting VML the right to operate the Gaming Assets for the duration of the Concession in exchange for an annual fee. This
fee, calculated based on a price per square meter of reverted gaming area, is set at 750 patacas per square meter for the first
three years and will increase to 2,500 patacas for the remaining seven years (approximately US$93 and US$311, respectively).
Furthermore, the fee per square meter will be subject to an annual adjustment based on the previous year’s average price index
in Macao. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred a fee of US$13 million. The anticipated annual fee for
the next two years is estimated at US$13 million each year, followed by an estimated US$42 million annually for the subsequent
seven years, subject to the aforementioned index adjustment.


Our Concession mandates that we operate casino games of chance in Macao and authorizes us to manage and operate the
Gaming Assets at Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao.


Investment Plan
In accordance with the Concession we committed to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 30.24 billion patacas
(approximately US$3.76 billion) in Macao (the “Investment Plan”). Of this total, 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.45
billion) must be invested in non-gaming projects. These investments must be realized by December 2032.


The Concession includes a provision that mandates an increased investment in non-gaming projects by up to 20% in the event
that Macao’s annual market gross gaming revenue reaches or surpasses 180 billion patacas (approximately US$22.36 billion).
Given that Macao’s annual gross gaming revenue for the year 2023 reached 183.06 billion patacas (approximately US$22.74
billion), we are now obligated to invest, or cause to be invested, an additional 5.56 billion patacas (approximately US$691
million), increasing our non-gaming investment commitment from 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.45 billion) to
33.36 billion patacas (approximately US$4.14 billion). These additional investments must be realized by the same December
2032 deadline.


Our Investment Plan includes investments in projects across a number of key areas including attracting international visitors,
conventions and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, themed attractions,
supporting Macao’s status as a city of gastronomy, and enhancing community and maritime tourism.




                                                             26
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                                2.3 CONCESSION




Macao Government Approval
Key aspects of our Investment Plan remain subject to Macao government approval and includes:


•     MICE Facility Expansion. Our vision is to elevate Macao’s status in the international convention sector. To this end,
      we are proposing the construction of a state-of-the-art MICE facility. Spanning approximately 18,000 square meters,
      the facility is intended to connect to our existing Cotai Expo. This expansion aims to increase our hosting capacity and
      enhance Macao’s appeal as a premier destination for significant corporate events, supported by advanced resources to
      help organize such events and targeted marketing strategies.


•     Tropical Garden Redevelopment. We plan to transform the 50,000-square-meter Le Jardin garden, situated adjacent
      to The Londoner Macao, into a distinctive garden-themed attraction. Key highlights include an iconic conservatory and
      meticulously designed themed green spaces. We anticipate this venue will evolve into a renowned Macao landmark and
      year-round attraction for tourists and local residents, further solidifying Macao’s reputation as a destination.


More Information about our Concession and Applicable Macao Laws
To operate casino games of chance, we must hold a gaming concession issued by the Macao government and are subject to
regulation by the Macao gaming authorities. Our Concession is not transferable and we must pay periodic and regular fees and
taxes. We must periodically submit detailed financial and operating reports to the Macao gaming authorities, as well as any
other information they may request. No one may acquire any rights over the shares or assets of VML without prior consent of
the Macao gaming authorities. Similarly, no one may operate the casino premises whose use has been temporarily transferred
to us, either through a management agreement or any other contract or through step in rights without first obtaining the
approval of the Macao gaming authorities. The transfer or creation of encumbrances over ownership of shares representing the
share capital of VML or other rights relating to such shares, as well as any act involving the granting of voting rights or other
shareholders’ rights to persons other than the original owners, requires the approval of the Macao government and subsequent
reporting to the Macao gaming authorities.


Our Concession and the applicable Macao laws require, among other things: (i) the approval of the Macao government for
transfers of shares in VML, or of any rights over or inherent to such shares, such as the granting of voting rights or other
shareholder’s rights to persons other than the original owners, as well as for the creation of any charge, lien or encumbrance on
such shares; (ii) the approval of the Macao government for transfers of shares or rights over such shares in any of our direct or
indirect shareholders, provided that such shares or rights represent, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of VML’s share capital; (iii)
that the Macao government be notified of the creation of any encumbrance or the grant of voting rights or other shareholder’s
rights to persons other than the original owners on shares in any of the direct or indirect shareholders in VML, provided that
such shares or rights represent 5% or more of VML’s share capital; and (iv) that the Macao government be given notice of the
listing on a stock exchange by any indirect shareholders holding shares representing 5% or more of VML’s share capital. The
requirements in provisions (ii) and (iii) above will not apply, however, to securities listed as tradable on a stock exchange. VML
and any of its subsidiaries in which VML is a dominant shareholder are prohibited from being listed on any stock exchange.




                                                                 27
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                                2.3 CONCESSION




The Macao gaming authorities may investigate any individual who has a material relationship or involvement with VML
to determine whether this individual affects our suitability and/or financial capacity. Shareholders, including LVS and SCL
shareholders who hold 5% or more of VML’s share capital directly or indirectly, as well as VML’s directors and its key
employees, must undergo a suitability assessment. They must also maintain appropriate qualifications during the Concession
and submit to the Macao Government’s on-going inspection and supervision. VML must immediately notify the Macao
government of any fact of which it is aware that may be material to the qualification of any shareholder who holds 5% or
more of the share capital of VML directly or indirectly, or any VML director or key employee. In addition to having the authority
to deny an application for a finding of unsuitability, the Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to disapprove a
change in corporate position. If the Macao gaming authorities determined that one of VML’s directors or key employees is
unsuitable, we would be required to sever all ties with that individual. In addition, the Macao gaming authorities may require us
to terminate the employment of any employee who refuses to submit the required documentation. A person may be deemed
unsuitable if they fail or refuse to apply for a finding of suitability after being ordered to do so by the Macao gaming authorities.


Any shareholder deemed unsuitable who continues to hold, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership in the shares of
VML (or any other Macao registered subsidiary of the Company) for longer than the period prescribed by the Macao gaming
authorities may lose their rights to the shares. After we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a shareholder or to have
any other relationship with us, we will be subject to disciplinary action if we:


•     pay that person any dividend or interest upon the shares;
•     allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through shares held by that person;
•     pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or
•     fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require that person to relinquish the shares.


The Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to approve all persons who own or control the shares of a
Concessionaire.


In addition, prior approval from the Macao gaming authorities is required for any loan or similar financing transaction
exceeding 100 million patacas (approximately US$12 million) where VML is a borrower or a lender, or which involves the
creation of liens and encumbrances over VML’s assets or shares.


Macao gaming authorities must also be notified five days in advance of any relevant financial decision, including the internal
movement of funds that exceeds 50% of VML’s share capital and any other financial decision that exceeds 10% of VML’s share
capital, including financial decisions related to remunerations and employee benefits.


The Macao gaming authorities must approve any change in control of VML resulting from a merger, consolidation, acquisition
of shares or assets, management or consulting agreement, or any other act or conduct whereby a person obtains control.
Entities seeking to acquire control must first satisfy the Macao gaming authorities on a number of strict criteria. As part of the
approval process, the Macao gaming authorities may also require an investigation and suitability assessment be carried out into
controlling shareholders, officers, directors and other individuals with a material relationship or involvement with the entity
proposing to acquire control.




                                                                28
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              2.3 CONCESSION




Any recapitalization plan proposed by VML’s board of directors must be approved by the Macao gaming authorities prior to
implementation. If deemed necessary, the Chief Executive of Macao may also require VML to increase its share capital.


The Concession also permits the Macao government to request modifications to the plans and specifications of our Macao
properties, as well as to make various other decisions and determinations that may be binding on us. For instance, the Macao
government may require that we contribute additional capital to our Macao subsidiaries or provide certain deposits or other
performance guarantees in any amount deemed necessary by the Macao government.


Before it raises debt or equity, VML must first obtain the approval of the Macao gaming and governmental authorities, which
constrains the company’s ability to raise additional capital.


The Concession requires VML to submit to the Macao government, three months prior to the start of each calendar year, an
annual execution plan for the specific projects outlined in the Investment Plan, detailing each project it intends to execute, the
proposed amount to be spent and the execution schedule. The Macao government will decide whether to approve the annual
execution plan within two months of its submission, and may request modifications to specific projects, investment amounts,
and execution schedules. If any of the annual execution proposals or portions thereof are not approved, VML must propose
allocating the corresponding funds to other projects, which are also subject to approval by the Macao government. VML must
submit a report detailing the execution of the previous year’s annual execution proposal within three months following the end
of each calendar year. In addition, VML is subject to the oversight of the Macao government in regards to the implementation
of Investment Plan development projects. VML must submit regular progress reports every two months and may be required to
submit additional reports whenever the progress of a development project is compromised.


If our Concession is terminated due to a breach of its terms, the Gaming Assets would be returned to the Macao government
without compensation, and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. In many of these instances,
the Concession does not specify a specific cure period within which such events may be remedied; instead, we would rely on
consultations and negotiations with the Macao government to enable us to remedy any such breach.


Our Concession allows us to operate casino games of chance, but excludes mutual bets, lotteries, raffles, interactive gaming
and games of chance or other gaming, betting or gambling activities on ships or aircraft.


Our Concession is governed exclusively by Macao law and we are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Macao courts in
case of any dispute or conflict relating to our Concession.


Our Concession expires on December 31, 2032. If our Concession is not extended or renewed, VML may be prohibited from
conducting gaming operations in Macao, and we could cease generating revenues from our gaming operations when our
Concession expires. In addition, upon the expiry of our Concession, the Gaming Assets, the use of which has been temporarily
transferred to VML by the Macao government, will be returned to the Macao government without compensation, along with
any gaming-related equipment we acquire during our Concession.




                                                               29
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              2.3 CONCESSION




Under the terms of our Concession, we are required to pay to the Macao government an annual gaming premium consisting
of a fixed portion and a variable portion based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate.
The fixed portion of the premium is 30 million patacas (approximately US$4 million). The variable portion is equal to 300,000
patacas per gaming table reserved exclusively for certain kinds of games or players, 150,000 patacas per gaming table not so
reserved, and 1,000 patacas per electrical or mechanical gaming machine, including slot machines (approximately US$37,274,
US$18,637 and US$124, respectively), subject to a minimum of 76 million patacas (approximately US$9 million). In addition,
we must pay a special gaming tax of 35% of gross gaming revenues and withholding taxes where applicable. We are also
required to pay a special annual gaming premium if the average of the gross gaming revenues of our gaming tables and our
electrical or mechanical gaming machines, including slot machines, is lower than a certain minimum amount set by the Macao
government, with the special premium being the difference between the special gaming tax based on the actual gross gaming
revenues and the minimum amount. The minimum amount set by the Macao government is 7 million patacas per gaming table
and 300,000 patacas per gaming machine (approximately US$1 million and US$37,274, respectively). Based on the maximum
number of gaming tables and gaming machines we are currently authorized to operate, if the aggregate monthly special
gaming taxes paid during the year is less than 4.50 billion patacas (approximately US$560 million), we would be required to
pay the difference as the special annual gaming premium. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not have to pay
a special gaming premium under the Concession requirements as the special gaming taxes were higher than the minimum
threshold.


VML must also contribute 5% of its annual gross gaming revenue to entities designated by the Macao government, including
2% to a public fund for the purpose of promoting, developing or researching cultural, social, economic, educational, scientific,
academic and charitable activities, and 3% for urban construction development, the promotion of tourism and the provision of
social security.


In August 2018, we received an exemption from Macao’s corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of
casino games of chance for the period of January 1, 2019 through June 26, 2022, and in September 2022, this exemption was
extended to December 31, 2022, the date our Subconcession expired. On February 5, 2024, the Macao government provided
notice that VML and the other Concessionaires would continue to receive this exemption for the period January 1, 2023
through December 31, 2027.


We entered into a shareholder dividend tax agreement with the Macao government in April 2019, effective through June 26,
2022, providing for payments as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from VML shareholders on dividend distributions
paid from VML gaming profits, namely a payment of 38 million patacas (approximately $5 million) for 2021 and a payment of
18 million patacas (approximately $2 million) for the period between January 1, 2022 through June 26, 2022. On February 7,
2024, we entered into a shareholder dividend tax agreement with the Macao government providing for a payment of 0.17%
of the Company’s actual gross gaming revenue for the tax year 2023 through the tax year 2025 as a substitution for a 12% tax
otherwise due from VML’s shareholders on dividend distributions paid from VML’s gaming profits.




                                                              30
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                                   2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Our operations consist of The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao, Sands Macao
and other operations that support these properties, including our high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services operating between
Hong Kong and Macao.


The following table sets forth data on our existing operations as at December 31, 2023:

                                    The Venetian The Londoner                    The Parisian         The Plaza            Sands
                                          Macao        Macao                          Macao             Macao              Macao            Total

   Opening date               August 2007                   April 2012(i) September 2016          August 2008(ii)      May 2004
   Hotel rooms and suites           2,841                         5,989            2,333                   649              238           12,050
   Paiza suites                        64                            —               208                    —                51              323
   Paiza mansions                      —                             —                —                     19               —                19
   MICE (square feet)           1,200,000                      369,000            63,000                28,000               —         1,660,000
   Theater (seats)                  1,800                         1,701            1,200                    —               650            5,351
   Arena (seats)                   15,000                         6,000               —                     —                —            21,000
   Total retail (square feet)     948,000                      612,000          296,000               249,000            50,000        2,155,000
   Number of shops                    327                           143              112                   134                6              722
   Number of restaurants and           59                            50               26                    10                9              154
     food outlets
   Total gaming facility          503,000                       400,000                272,000          108,000          176,000       1,459,000
     (square feet)(iii)
   Gaming units(iv):
     Tables                           689                            505                    283                93              110          1,680
     Slots                          1,256                          1,210                    780                22              432          3,700


Notes:
(i)      The Londoner Macao consists of the Conrad tower, the first Sheraton tower, the second Sheraton tower, the St. Regis tower, which opened
         in April 2012, September 2012, January 2013 and December 2015, respectively. The Londoner Macao Hotel located at the Conrad tower and
         Londoner Court located at the St. Regis tower opened in January 2021 and September 2021, respectively.
(ii)     The Plaza Macao consists of the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, which opened in August 2008 and October
         2020, respectively. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons features 289 luxury suites.
(iii)    Includes total gaming support areas of approximately 115,000 square feet.
(iv)     From January 1, 2023, VML is currently allowed to operate (a maximum of) 1,680 units of gaming tables and 3,700 units of slot machines.


The Venetian Macao
In August 2007, we opened The Venetian Macao, the anchor property of our Cotai Strip development, which is conveniently
located approximately three kilometers from the Taipa Ferry Terminal on Macao’s Taipa Island and ten kilometers from the
HZMB. As at December 31, 2023, The Venetian Macao included approximately 503,000 square feet of gaming space and
gaming supporting area comprising exclusive VIP rooms and an expansive mass market gaming floor.


At December 31, 2023, The Venetian Macao featured 689 table games and 1,256 slot machines or similar electronic gaming
devices. The mass market gaming floor is divided into four uniquely designed areas: Red Dragon, Golden Fish, Phoenix and
Imperial House. The Venetian Macao features replicas of many famous sites in the Italian city of Venice, including St. Mark’s
Square, the Campanile Tower and Doge’s Palace. During the year ended December 31, 2023, The Venetian Macao had total
visitation of approximately 30.3 million, compared to 9.7 million in 2022 and 36.0 million in 2019.




                                                                           31
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




In addition to gaming facilities, The Venetian Macao features a 39-floor five-star hotel tower with 2,841 standard hotel suites
and 64 Paiza suites. Standard suites consist of an elevated sleeping area and bathroom as well as a sunken living/working area.
We believe these designs respond to the needs of regional leisure and business travelers as well as patrons, and help prolong
the stay of leisure or business visitors in Macao, as typically seen in Las Vegas. The 64 Paiza suites range from 2,300 to 8,000
square feet. Each Paiza suite in The Venetian Macao offers a living room, a dining room, at least two bedrooms and private
concierge service. Some larger suites include a private massage room, gym, pool and media/karaoke room.

The Venetian Macao also provides a broad selection of entertainment options and amenities that caters the mass market
customers, including families, and also targets VIP and premium players with bespoke products and services, such as the Paiza
Club. The Venetian Macao has approximately 948,000 square feet of unique retail shopping at Shoppes at Venetian with 327
stores featuring many international brands and home to 59 restaurants and food outlets with an international assortment of
cuisines. Visitors and guests can access Shoppes at Venetian from several different locations, including the main road through
Cotai, Shoppes at Four Seasons, The Venetian Macao hotel and The Venetian Macao gaming floor.

The restaurants and stores are set along streetscapes reminiscent of the historical streetscapes in Venice. The common areas
within the retail space include St. Mark’s Square and three indoor canals with gondola rides.

Furthermore, The Venetian Macao features a convention center and meeting room complex of approximately 1.2 million
square feet, Cotai Expo. These MICE facilities provide a flexible and expansive space that can be configured to provide small,
mid-size or large meeting rooms and/or accommodate large-scale multi-media events or trade shows. MICE events typically
take place on weekdays to attract business travelers during the slower mid-week periods while leisure travelers occupy our
properties during the weekends. The Venetian Macao also has a 1,800-seat theater and a 15,000-seat arena, the Cotai Arena,
which hosts world-class entertainment and sporting events.




                                                              32
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Londoner Macao
The Londoner Macao is located across the street from The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao and is
our largest integrated resort on Cotai. The Londoner Macao is the result of our renovation, expansion and rebranding of Sands
Cotai Central, which included the addition of extensive thematic elements both externally and internally and was completed in
2022. The Londoner Macao presents a range of new attractions and features, including some of London’s most recognizable
landmarks, such as the Houses of Parliament and the Elizabeth Tower (commonly known as “Big Ben”), and interactive guest
experiences. The integrated resort features four hotel towers. The first hotel tower consists of Londoner Court with 368 luxury
suites and 400 rooms and suites under the St. Regis brand. The second hotel tower consists of 659 five-star rooms and suites
under the Conrad brand and The Londoner Macao Hotel with 594 London-themed suites, including 14 exclusive Suites by
David Beckham. The third hotel tower consists of 1,842 rooms and suites under the Sheraton brand. The fourth hotel tower
consists of 2,126 rooms and suites under the Sheraton brand. The Londoner Macao currently operates approximately 400,000
square feet of gaming space and gaming supporting area, with 505 table games and 1,210 slot machines or similar electronic
gaming devices, and includes exclusive VIP rooms designed for VIP players. The Londoner Macao also has approximately
369,000 square feet of meeting space, a 1,701-seat theater, the 6,000-seat Londoner Arena and approximately 612,000
square feet of retail space with 143 stores and 50 restaurants and food outlets featuring an international assortment of
cuisines. For the year ended December 31, 2023, The Londoner Macao had total visitation of approximately 22.5 million,
compared to 8.3 million in 2022 and 19.2 million in 2019.

We have commenced works on Phase II of The Londoner Macao, which includes the renovation of the rooms in the Sheraton
and Conrad hotel towers, an upgrade of the gaming areas and the addition of new attractions, dining, retail and entertainment
offerings. These projects have a total estimated cost of US$1.2 billion and are expected to be substantially completed in early
2025.




                                                              33
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Parisian Macao
On September 13, 2016, we opened The Parisian Macao, a themed, iconic, “must-see” integrated resort connected to The
Venetian Macao and The Plaza Macao, which includes approximately 272,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming
supporting area with 283 table games and 780 slot machines or similar electronic gaming devices. The Parisian Macao also
features 2,541 elegantly appointed rooms and suites and Shoppes at Parisian comprising of approximately 296,000 square feet
of unique retail shopping with 112 stores featuring many international brands and home to 26 restaurants and food outlets
with an international assortment of cuisines. Other non-gaming amenities at The Parisian Macao include a meeting room
complex of approximately 63,000 square feet and a 1,200-seat theater. Directly in front of The Parisian Macao, and connected
via a covered walk-way to the main building, is a half-scale authentic re-creation of the Eiffel Tower containing a viewing
platform and restaurant. For the year ended December 31, 2023, The Parisian Macao had total visitation of approximately 11.6
million, compared to 3.3 million in 2022 and 13.0 million in 2019.




                                                            34
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Plaza Macao
In August 2008, we opened The Plaza Macao, which is located adjacent to The Venetian Macao and has approximately
108,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming supporting area with 93 table games and 22 slot machines or similar
electronic gaming devices at its Plaza Casino. The Plaza Macao also has 360 elegantly appointed rooms and suites managed
by FS Macau Lda., several food and beverage offerings, and conference and banquet facilities. Shoppes at Four Seasons,
connecting to Shoppes at Venetian, includes approximately 249,000 square feet of retail space with 134 stores and 10
restaurants and food outlets. The Plaza Macao also features 19 ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions, which are individually designed
and made available by invitation only. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, also managed by FS Macau Lda., opened in October
2020 and features 289 luxury suites. For the year ended December 31, 2023, The Plaza Macao had total visitation of
approximately 21.8 million, compared to 8.6 million in 2022 and 24.3 million in 2019.




                                                             35
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Sands Macao
We opened Sands Macao in May 2004. Sands Macao was the first Las Vegas-style casino in Macao and currently contains a mix
of gaming areas for mass market and VIP players, entertainment and dining facilities, and hotel suites. Sands Macao is situated
on the Macao Peninsula near the Macau Maritime Ferry Terminal, on a waterfront parcel centrally located between the Gongbei
border gate and the central business district in Macao. This location provides Sands Macao access to a large customer base,
particularly the visitors who travelled to Macao by sea arriving at the Taipa Ferry Terminal or the Macau Maritime Ferry Terminal.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, Sands Macao had total visitation of approximately 3.3 million, compared to 0.9 million
in 2022 and 5.7 million in 2019.


Sands Macao features 289 suites, which are furnished with modern amenities. Sands Macao also includes approximately
176,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with 110 table games and 432 slot machines or similar
electronic gaming devices.


In addition to gaming facilities and hotel accommodations, Sands Macao also includes restaurants, spa facilities, entertainment
areas and other amenities. The dining venues feature popular regional cuisine and include a Cantonese restaurant and an
upscale western-style steakhouse.




                                                               36
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                       2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Our Land Concessions
We have received land concessions from the Macao government to build Sands Macao and Parcels 1, 2, 3 and 5 and 6 on
Cotai, the sites on which The Venetian Macao (Parcel 1), The Plaza Macao (Parcel 2), The Parisian Macao (Parcel 3) and The
Londoner Macao (Parcels 5 and 6) are located. We do not own these parcels; however, each land concession, which has an
initial term of 25 years and is renewable at our option in accordance with Macao law, grants us exclusive use of the land.


As specified in each land concession, we are required to pay premiums, which are either payable in a single lump sum upon
acceptance of the land concession or in seven semi-annual installments, as well as annual rent for the term of the land
concession, which may be revised every five years by the Macao government.




                                                           37
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



OVERVIEW
From 2020 through the beginning of 2023, the Group’s operations were negatively impacted by the reduction in travel and
tourism related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. The Macao government’s policy regarding the management of COVID-19 and
general travel restrictions was eliminated in late December 2022 and early January 2023. Since then, visitation to the Group’s
integrated resorts and operations has improved.


The Macao government announced total visitation from mainland China to Macao increased approximately 273.1% and
decreased approximately 31.8% during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 2022 and 2019 (pre-pandemic),
respectively. The Macao government also announced gross gaming revenue increased approximately 333.8% and decreased
approximately 37.4%, during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 2022 and 2019, respectively.


The Group has a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity in place, including total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of
US$1.36 billion and access to US$2.49 billion of available borrowing capacity from the 2018 SCL Credit Facility as at December
31, 2023. The Group believes it is able to support its continuing operations, fulfill the obligations and commitments under the
Concession Contract and complete the Group’s major construction projects that are underway.

KEY OPERATING REVENUE MEASUREMENTS
Operating revenues at The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao are dependent
upon the volume of customers who stay at our hotels, which affects the price that can be charged for hotel rooms and our
gaming volume. Operating revenues at Sands Macao are principally driven by casino customers who visit the properties on a
daily basis.

Management utilizes the following volume and pricing measures in order to evaluate past performance and assist in forecasting
future revenues. The various volume measurements indicate our ability to attract customers to our integrated resorts. In casino
operations, win and hold percentages indicate the amount of revenue to be expected based on volume. In hotel operations,
average daily rate and revenue per available room indicate the demand for rooms and our ability to capture that demand. In
mall operations, base rent per square foot indicates our ability to attract and maintain profitable tenants for our leasable space.

The following are the key measurements we use to evaluate operating revenues:

Casino revenue measurements: Table games are segregated into two groups, consistent with the Macao market’s convention:
Rolling Chip play (composed of VIP players) and Non-Rolling Chip play (mostly non-VIP players). The volume measurement for
Rolling Chip play is non-negotiable gaming chips wagered and lost. The volume measurement for Non-Rolling Chip play is table
games drop (“drop”), which is the net markers issued (credit instruments), cash deposited in the table drop boxes and gaming
chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. Rolling Chip and Non-Rolling Chip volume measurements are not comparable as
they are two distinct measures of volume. The amounts wagered and lost for Rolling Chip play are substantially higher than the
amounts dropped for Non-Rolling Chip play. Slot handle, also a volume measurement, is the gross amount wagered for the
period cited.

We view Rolling Chip win as a percentage of Rolling Chip volume, Non-Rolling Chip win as a percentage of drop and slot
hold (amount won by the casino) as a percentage of slot handle. Win or hold percentage represents the percentage of Rolling
Chip volume, Non-Rolling Chip drop or slot handle that is won by the casino and recorded as casino revenue. Our win and
hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and
allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. Our Rolling Chip win
percentage is expected to be 3.30%. Generally, slot machine play is conducted on a cash basis. Approximately 10.6% of our
table games play was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                               38
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



Hotel revenue measurements: Performance indicators used are occupancy rate (a volume indicator), which is the average
percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, and ADR, a price indicator, which is the average price of
occupied rooms per day. Available rooms exclude those rooms unavailable for occupancy during the period due to renovation,
development or other requirements (such as government mandated closure, lodging for team members and usage by
the Macao government for quarantine measures). The calculations of the occupancy rate and ADR include the impact of
rooms provided on a complimentary basis. Revenue per available room (“RevPAR”) represents a summary of hotel ADR and
occupancy. Because not all available rooms are occupied, ADR is normally higher than RevPAR. Reserved rooms where the
guests do not show up for their stay and lose their deposit, or where guests check out early, may be re-sold to walk-in guests.

Mall revenue measurements: Occupancy, base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot are used as performance
indicators. Occupancy represents GLOA divided by GLA at the end of the reporting period. GLOA is the sum of: (1) tenant
occupied space under lease and (2) tenants no longer occupying space, but paying rent. GLA does not include space currently
under development or not on the market for lease. Base rent per square foot is the weighted average base or minimum
rent charge, excluding rent concessions, in effect at the end of the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be
included in occupancy. Tenant sales per square foot is the reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the
comparable square footage for the same period. Only tenants that have been open for a minimum of 12 months are included
in the tenant sales per square foot calculation.




                                                             39
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022


Net Revenues
Our net revenues consisted of the following:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                 2023             2022 Percent change
                                                                                        US$ in millions


 Casino                                                                          4,841               947           411.2%
 Rooms                                                                             761               184           313.6%
 Mall                                                                              513               354            44.9%
 Food and beverage                                                                 240                67           258.2%
 Convention, ferry, retail and other                                               179                53           237.7%


 Total net revenues                                                              6,534             1,605           307.1%


Total net revenues were US$6.53 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 307.1%, compared to US$1.61
billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net revenues increased across all business categories, mainly driven by an
increase in visitation and robust recovery following the elimination of the COVID-19 restrictions in Macao in late December
2022 and early January 2023.


Our net casino revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$4.84 billion, an increase of 411.2%, compared to
US$947 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net casino revenues increased across all properties, primarily driven by
increased visitation.




                                                             40
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                          AND ANALYSIS



The following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:

                                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023             2022                    Change
                                                                                                       US$ in millions

  The Venetian Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                    2,151                   438              391.1%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                        8,711                 1,751              397.5%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                             24.2%                 25.7%               (1.5) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                          4,546                 1,295              251.0%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                              4.44%                 3.77%               0.67 pts
  Slot handle                                                                                  5,066                 1,132              347.5%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                         4.3%                  3.9%                 0.4 pts

  The Londoner Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                    1,283                   194               561.3%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                        5,842                   896               552.0%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                             21.3%                 21.7%                (0.4) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                          7,336                   936               683.8%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                              2.99%                 5.03%              (2.04) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                  5,290                   671              688.4%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                         4.0%                  3.4%                 0.6 pts

  The Parisian Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                      655                   116              464.7%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                        2,926                   454              544.5%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                             21.4%                 24.9%               (3.5) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                            968                   283              242.0%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                              7.14%                 7.66%              (0.52) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                  2,528                   305              728.9%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                         3.9%                  3.8%                 0.1 pts

  The Plaza Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                      462                   146              216.4%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                        2,244                   551              307.3%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                             23.6%                 23.8%               (0.2) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                          6,860                 1,452              372.5%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                              2.27%                 4.48%              (2.21) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                     85                    21              304.8%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                         5.9%                  9.4%               (3.5) pts

  Sands Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                      290                    53              447.2%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                        1,575                   237              564.6%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                             17.1%                 17.9%               (0.8) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                            108                   192              (43.8)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                              6.11%                 4.16%               1.95 pts
  Slot handle                                                                                  1,851                   409              352.6%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                         3.1%                  3.2%               (0.1) pts


Note: As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, gaming operations were closed from July 11, 2022 to July 22, 2022.


(i)   This compares to our expected Rolling Chip win percentage of 3.30% (calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated
      with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis).



                                                                       41
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                         AND ANALYSIS



Room revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$761 million, an increase of 313.6%, compared to US$184
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was mainly driven by increased occupancy rates and increased
revenue per available room driven by higher visitation across our properties.


The following table summarizes the results of our room activity:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2023              2022            Change
                                                                                US$ in millions, except average daily rate and revenue
                                                                                                  per available room


 The Venetian Macao
 Total room revenues                                                                         191                   55              247.3%
 Occupancy rate                                                                           94.5%                41.7%               52.8 pts
 Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                 208                  143               45.5%
 Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                         196                   60              226.7%

 The Londoner Macao
 Total room revenues                                                                         324                   61              431.1%
 Occupancy rate                                                                           80.4%                26.9%               53.5 pts
 Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                 196                  155               26.5%
 Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                         158                   42              276.2%

 The Parisian Macao
 Total room revenues                                                                         135                   33              309.1%
 Occupancy rate                                                                           93.0%                37.9%               55.1 pts
 Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                 158                  110               43.6%
 Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                         147                   42              250.0%

 The Plaza Macao
 Total room revenues                                                                          94                   29              224.1%
 Occupancy rate                                                                           81.5%                27.5%               54.0 pts
 Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                 485                  440               10.2%
 Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                         396                  121              227.3%

 Sands Macao
 Total room revenues                                                                          17                    6              183.3%
 Occupancy rate                                                                           95.8%                51.1%               44.7 pts
 Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                 171                  141               21.3%
 Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                         164                   72              127.8%


Note: As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, a number of rooms were utilized for government quarantine purposes and to provide lodging for team
      members restricted from traveling between their residences and Macao in 2022. These rooms were excluded from the calculation of hotel
      statistics above.




                                                                     42
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                           AND ANALYSIS



Mall revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$513 million, an increase of 44.9%, compared to US$354
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase of US$159 million was primarily driven by a decrease in rent
concessions (as no abatements were offered to retailers in 2023) and an increase in overage rent.


The following table summarizes the results of our mall activity on Cotai:

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                2022           Change
                                                                                          US$ in millions, except per square foot amount


  Shoppes at Venetian
  Total mall revenues                                                                              227                   154                  47.4%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    818,686               813,832                   0.6%
  Occupancy                                                                                     79.7%                 81.0%                 (1.3) pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               283                   274                   3.3%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                       1,906                   932                104.5%

  Shoppes at Londoner
  Total mall revenues                                                                               66                    47                 40.4%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    611,905               610,238                  0.3%
  Occupancy                                                                                     59.1%                 54.7%                  4.4 pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               149                   134                 11.2%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                       1,796                 1,139                 57.7%

  Shoppes at Parisian
  Total mall revenues                                                                               32                    25                 28.0%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    296,352               296,322                    —%
  Occupancy                                                                                     67.2%                 67.6%                 (0.4) pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               113                   107                   5.6%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                         710                   338                110.1%

  Shoppes at Four Seasons
  Total mall revenues                                                                              187                   127                  47.2%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    249,373               248,674                   0.3%
  Occupancy                                                                                     92.9%                 93.6%                 (0.7) pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               611                   538                  13.6%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                       7,594                 3,806                 99.5%


Note: This table excludes the results of our retail outlets at Sands Macao. As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, tenants were provided rent concessions
       during the year ended December 31, 2022. Base rent per square foot presented above excludes the impact of these rent concessions.


(i)    Tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the
       same period.




                                                                          43
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



Food and beverage revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$240 million, an increase of 258.2%, compared
to US$67 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in property visitation.


Convention, ferry, retail and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$179 million, an increase of
237.7%, compared to US$53 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increases
of US$57 million in ferry operations due to the resumption of ferry services in January 2023, US$31 million in entertainment
revenue and US$38 million in limo and other operating revenues (e.g. convention and retail).


Operating Expenses
Our operating expenses consisted of the following:

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2023             2022 Percent change
                                                                                          US$ in millions


 Casino                                                                           3,131              1,077           190.7%
 Rooms                                                                              192                109            76.1%
 Mall                                                                                60                 47            27.7%
 Food and beverage                                                                  194                117            65.8%
 Convention, ferry, retail and other                                                139                 58           139.7%
 (Recovery of)/provision for expected credit losses, net                             (5)                 4             N.M.
 General and administrative expense                                                 625                546            14.5%
 Corporate                                                                          133                 60           121.7%
 Pre-opening                                                                          7                 (1)            N.M.
 Depreciation and amortization                                                      809                750             7.9%
 Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                 13                 (4)            N.M.
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
   investment properties and intangible assets                                       12                  4           200.0%
 Fair value (gain)/loss on derivatives                                               (1)                 1             N.M.


  Total operating expenses                                                        5,309              2,768            91.8%


N.M. — not meaningful


Operating expenses were US$5.31 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 91.8%, compared to US$2.77
billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an increase of business
volumes across all business categories.


Casino expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$3.13 billion, an increase of 190.7%, compared to US$1.08
billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in gaming taxes as a result of
increased casino revenues.




                                                              44
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                             2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                    AND ANALYSIS



Room expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$192 million, an increase of 76.1%, compared to US$109
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increases in payroll, management fees and
other operating expenses as a result of higher hotel occupancy.


Mall expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$60 million, an increase of 27.7%, compared to US$47 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increases in marketing expenses and common area
maintenance cost.


Food and beverage expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$194 million, an increase of 65.8%, compared
to US$117 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increases in cost of sales and
payroll consistent with higher business volumes.


Convention, ferry, retail and other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$139 million, an increase of
139.7%, compared to US$58 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by an increase
in ferry expenses due to the resumption of ferry services in January 2023 and higher entertainment and limo expenses due to
increased business volume.


Recovery of expected credit losses, net for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$5 million, compared to a provision
for expected credit losses of US$4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The recovery in 2023 was primarily due to
collections of casino receivables that were fully reserved previously.


General and administrative expenses were US$625 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 14.5%,
compared to US$546 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increases in
marketing, payroll and utilities expenses during 2023.


Corporate expenses were US$133 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of 121.7%, compared to US$60
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in royalty fees due to higher
revenues across all properties.


Pre-opening expenses were US$7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to a credit of US$1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022. The pre-opening expense incurred in 2023 was primarily due to the grand celebration of The
Londoner Macao.


Depreciation and amortization expenses were US$809 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of
7.9%, compared to US$750 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to accelerated
depreciation related to the second phase of the planned renovations at The Londoner Macao and amortization of the intangible
asset related to the Concession.


Net foreign exchange losses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were US$13 million, compared to net foreign exchange
gains of US$4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net foreign exchange movements were primarily associated with
the US$ denominated debt.


Loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets was US$12 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared to US$4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to
increases in asset disposals and demolition costs mainly due to Phase II of The Londoner Macao preparation during the year.



                                                            45
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                       2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                              AND ANALYSIS



Adjusted Property EBITDA(i)
The following table summarizes information related to our segments:

                                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                      2023             2022 Percent change
                                                                                                             US$ in millions


      The Venetian Macao                                                                              1,054                     (25)               N.M.
      The Londoner Macao                                                                                516                   (189)                N.M.
      The Parisian Macao                                                                                269                   (103)                N.M.
      The Plaza Macao                                                                                   308                      81             280.2%
      Sands Macao                                                                                        59                     (81)               N.M.
      Ferry and other operations                                                                         19                      (6)               N.M.


      Total adjusted property EBITDA                                                                  2,225                   (323)                 N.M.


N.M. — not meaningful


(i)        Adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Company before
           share-based compensation, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange gains or losses,
           impairment loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets,
           interest, gain or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative financial instruments and income taxes.
           Management utilizes adjusted property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with those of its competitors, as well
           as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated resort companies have historically reported adjusted property EBITDA
           as a supplemental performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of their properties on a more stand-alone
           basis, integrated resort companies, including the Group, have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of
           specific properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property
           EBITDA should not be interpreted as an alternative to profit or operating profit (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows
           from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow,
           including capital expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in
           adjusted property EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted property EBITDA in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as
           presented by the Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other companies.


Adjusted property EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$2.23 billion compared to an adjusted property
EBITDA loss of US$323 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to increased casino and
room revenues driven by increased visitation at our properties and a robust recovery following the elimination of COVID-19
restrictions in late December 2022 and early January 2023.




                                                                             46
                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



Finance Costs
The following table summarizes information related to finance costs:

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023             2022 Percent change
                                                                                            US$ in millions


 Interest and other finance costs                                                     534                446             19.7%
 Less: interest capitalized                                                            (2)                 (2)               —


  Finance costs, net                                                                  532                444             19.8%


Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized, were US$532 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to US$444
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest and other finance costs of US$88 million was primarily
due to an increase in our weighted average total debt balance and weighted average interest rates, in addition to an imputed
interest of US$31 million resulting from the gaming license liability in 2023. The weighted average debt balance increased
mainly as a result of the full year impact of the US$1.0 billion LVS Term Loan in 2023 and the related interest capitalization of
US$61 million to the LVS Term Loan, partially offset by the repayment of the revolver balance of US$1.95 billion in 2023. The
weighted average interest rate increased from 5.0% to 5.4% during the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was due
to a higher weighted interest rate of the Senior Notes from 4.6% to 4.8% driven by credit rating downgrades by Standard &
Poor’s (“S&P”) and Fitch in February and June 2022, respectively, with a total increase of 50 basis points (but that was partially
offset by a credit rating upgrade by S&P in July 2023 with a decrease of 25 basis points), and an increase in the weighted
average interest rate of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility from 4.3% to 6.3%. On February 1, 2024, Fitch also upgraded the credit
rating for the Company to BBB–, resulting in the coupon on each series of the outstanding Senior Notes decreased by 0.25%
per annum effective on the first interest payment date after February 1, 2024.


The weighted average interest rates are calculated based on total interest expense (including amortization of deferred financing
costs, standby fees and other financing costs and interest capitalized) and total weighted average borrowings (including lease
liabilities). Imputed interest expense from the gaming license liability and the related liability balance are excluded from the
calculation.


Profit/(Loss) for the Year
Profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$692 million, compared to a loss of US$1.58 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2022.




                                                               47
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We fund our operations and capital expenditures through cash generated from our operations and our debt financing. Total
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents were US$1.36 billion as at December 31, 2023. Such cash and cash equivalents were
primarily held in HK$, US$ and MOP.


On May 11, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated facility agreement (the “A&R Facility Agreement”)
with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders have (a) effective July 31, 2023,
extended the termination date for the HK$ commitments and US$ commitments of the lenders that consented to the waivers
and amendments in the A&R Facility Agreement (the “Extending Lenders”) from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025; (b) extended
to (and including) January 1, 2024, the waiver period for the Company to comply with the requirements to ensure (i) the
consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and (ii) the consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x; (c)
amended the definition of consolidated total debt such that it excludes any financial indebtedness that is subordinated and
subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the A&R Facility Agreement (including the US$1.0 billion LVS Term
Loan); (d) amended the maximum permitted consolidated leverage ratio as of the last day of each of the financial quarters
ending March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, and subsequent financial quarters to
be 6.25x, 5.5x, 5.0x, 4.5x, and 4.0x, respectively; and (e) extended to (and including) January 1, 2025 the period during
which the Company’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or similar distribution is restricted if at such time (x)
the Total Commitments (as defined in the A&R Facility Agreement) exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise of the
option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion and (y) the consolidated leverage
ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash
equivalents of the Company on such date and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the A&R Facility
Agreement and unused commitments under other credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion (collectively,
the “Amendments”). Pursuant to the A&R Facility Agreement, the Company paid a customary fee of US$31 million to the
Extending Lenders.


The Extending Lenders’ HK$ commitments total HK$17.63 billion (approximately US$2.25 billion at exchange rates in effect
on May 11, 2023) and US$ commitments total US$237 million, which together represent 100% of the total available
commitments under the A&R Facility Agreement.


During the year ended December 31, 2023, a total repayment of US$1.95 billion was made under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility,
resulting in total available balance of US$2.49 billion as at December 31, 2023.


As at December 31, 2023, management believes the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants of the 2018 SCL
Credit Facility. A waiver to the financial covenants of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility was in place through January 1, 2024 as
disclosed above.


We believe our cash and cash equivalents of US$1.36 billion as well as the US$2.49 billion available under our 2018 SCL
Credit Facility as at December 31, 2023, together with the cash flow to be generated from our operations, will be sufficient
to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and fund our working capital needs and
committed and planned capital expenditures, including fulfilling the obligations and commitments under the Concession
Contract.




                                                              48
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                      2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                             AND ANALYSIS



Cash Flows — Summary
Our cash flows consisted of the following:

                                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                    2023            2022
                                                                                                                    US$ in millions


      Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                          2,293                 (473)
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                                            (180)                (325)
      Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                                   (2,452)               1,821

      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                             (339)               1,023

      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year(i)                                                               1,702                   678
      Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents                                                               (2)                    1


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                        1,361                1,702


(i)        Cash and cash equivalents of US$1.70 billion as at December 31, 2022 includes restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million that
           became unrestricted in early January 2023.


Cash Flows — Operating Activities
Net cash generated from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$2.29 billion, compared to net cash
used in operating activities of US$473 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We derive most of our operating cash
flows from our casino, mall and hotel operations. The increase in net cash generated from operating activities was primarily
attributable to the increased operating profit resulting from an increase in visitation following the elimination of COVID-19
restrictions in Macao in late December 2022 and early January 2023 and a robust recovery during the year ended December
31, 2023.


Cash Flows — Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$180 million, primarily due to capital
expenditures of US$231 million, including US$131 million for The Londoner Macao, US$71 million for The Venetian Macao,
US$15 million for The Plaza Macao, and US$14 million for our other operations, mainly at The Parisian Macao and Sands
Macao. This was partially offset by interest receipts of US$50 million and US$1 million proceeds from disposal of property and
equipment, investment properties and intangible assets.


Cash Flows — Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$2.45 billion, which was primarily
attributable to a repayment of US$1.95 billion under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, interest payments of US$437 million, a fee
payment of US$31 million related to the amendment and restatement of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and other of US$36
million during the year.




                                                                         49
                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
The following table sets forth our capital expenditures, excluding capitalized interest and construction payables:

                                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                     US$ in millions


 The Venetian Macao                                                                                      71                52
 The Londoner Macao                                                                                     131               173
 The Parisian Macao                                                                                       8                 3
 The Plaza Macao                                                                                         15                 9
 Sands Macao                                                                                              6                 4


  Total capital expenditures                                                                            231               241


CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
Capital expenditure on property and equipment contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognized as
liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                                     2023                2022
                                                                                                     US$ in millions


 Contracted but not provided for                                                                        510                72



Concession
The Concession requires VML to invest a minimum of 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.76 billion) in Macao by
December 2032, including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.45 billion) in non-gaming projects across eleven
categories identified by the Macao government in the concession tender program. Pursuant to the Concession, VML is required
to increase its investment in non-gaming projects by 20% as Macao’s annual gross gaming revenue exceeded 180 billion
patacas (approximately US$22.36 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023. Consequently, VML is required to invest, or
cause to be invested, an additional 5.56 billion patacas (approximately US$691 million) in non-gaming investment projects by
December 2032.


The investments in the projects set out in our Investment Plan are progressing and we have continued to successfully execute
the specific projects agreed with the Macao government in each year’s annual execution plan. Please refer to section 2.3 of this
Annual Report for details.




                                                              50
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



DIVIDENDS
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2023.


CHARGES ON GROUP ASSETS
Except for the 1.0 billion patacas (approximately US$124 million) of bank deposits pledged as security for the bank guarantee
required by the Macao government (refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details), none of the Group’s
assets were charged as security for any liabilities, liens or encumbrances as at December 31, 2023.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group has contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. Management has made estimates for potential
litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual results could differ from these estimates; however, in the
opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On January 19, 2012, Asian American Entertainment Corporation, Limited (“AAEC” or “Plaintiff”) filed a claim with the
Macao First Instance Court (Tribunal Judicial de Base) against VML, LVS Nevada, LVS LLC and Venetian Casino (collectively,
the “Defendants”). The claim was in the amount of 3.0 billion patacas (approximately US$374 million) as compensation for
damages resulting from the alleged breach of agreements entered into between AAEC and LVS Nevada, LVS LLC and Venetian
Casino (collectively, the “U.S. Defendants”) for their joint presentation of a bid in response to the public tender held by the
Macao government for the award of gaming concessions at the end of 2001. The Plaintiff had previously brought an almost
identical claim in the United States which was dismissed (“Prior Action”).


On March 24, 2014, the Macao First Instance Court issued a decision holding that AAEC’s claim against VML is unfounded and
that VML be removed as a party to the proceedings, and the claim should proceed exclusively against the U.S. Defendants. On
May 8, 2014, AAEC lodged an appeal against that decision and the appeal is currently pending.


On June 5, 2015, the U.S. Defendants filed a motion with the trial court to dismiss the claim against them as res judicata based
on the dismissal of the Prior Action. On March 16, 2016, the Macao First Instance Court dismissed the defense of res judicata.
An appeal against that decision was lodged by the U.S. Defendants on April 7, 2016. At the end of December 2016, all appeals
were transferred to the Macao Second Instance Court. On May 11, 2017, the Macao Second Instance Court notified the parties
of its decision of refusal to deal with the appeals at the present time. The Macao Second Instance Court ordered the court file
to be transferred back to the Macao First Instance Court.


Evidence gathering by the Macao First Instance Court commenced by letters rogatory, which were completed on March 14,
2019.


On July 15, 2019, AAEC submitted a request to the Macao First Instance Court to increase the amount of its claim to 96.45
billion patacas (approximately US$12.01 billion), allegedly representing lost profits from 2004 to 2018 and reserving its right
to claim for lost profits up to 2022 in due course at the enforcement stage. On September 4, 2019, the Macao Judicial Court
allowed AAEC’s request to increase the amount of its claim. On September 17, 2019, the U.S. Defendants appealed the
decision granting AAEC’s request and that appeal is currently pending.




                                                              51
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



On April 16, 2021, the U.S. Defendants moved to reschedule the trial because continued travel disruptions resulting from the
pandemic prevented the representatives of the U.S. Defendants and certain witnesses from attending the trial as scheduled.
The Macao First Instance Court denied the U.S. Defendants’ motion on May 28, 2021. The U.S. Defendants appealed that
ruling on June 16, 2021, and that appeal is currently pending.


The trial in this action began on June 16, 2021. By order dated June 17, 2021, the Macao First Instance Court scheduled
additional trial dates in late 2021 to hear witnesses who were subject to COVID-19 travel restrictions that prevented or severely
limited their ability to enter Macao. The U.S. Defendants appealed certain aspects of the Macao First Instance Court’s June 17,
2021 order, and that appeal is currently pending.


From December 17, 2021 to January 19, 2022, Plaintiff submitted additional documents to the court file and disclosed written
reports from two purported experts, who calculated Plaintiff’s damages at 57.88 billion patacas and 62.29 billion patacas
(approximately US$7.16 billion and US$7.70 billion, respectively). On April 28, 2022, the Macao First Instance Court entered a
judgment in favor of the U.S. Defendants. The Macao First Instance Court also held that Plaintiff litigated certain aspects of its
case in bad faith.


Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal from the Macao First Instance Court’s judgment on May 13, 2022. That appeal is fully briefed
and remains pending with the Macao Second Instance Court.


On October 9, 2023, the U.S. Defendants were notified that the Macao Second Instance Court had invited Plaintiff to amend
its appeal brief, primarily to separate out matters of fact from matters of law, and that Plaintiff had submitted an amended
appeal brief on October 5, 2023. On October 30, 2023, the U.S. Defendants submitted their response to the amended appeal
brief. On November 8, 2023, the Macao Second Instance Court issued an order concluding that Plaintiff may have litigated
in bad faith by exceeding the scope of permissible amendments to its appeal brief and invited responses from the parties.
The U.S. Defendants responded to the November 8 order on November 23, 2023, and the Plaintiff moved for clarification of
the November 8 order on November 27, 2023. On January 5, 2024, the Court issued an order rejecting AAEC’s request for
clarifications.


The Company will continue to defend this matter vigorously.


The Company is involved in other litigation in addition to the one described above, arising in the ordinary course of business.
Management has made certain estimates for potential litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual
results could differ from these estimates; however, in the opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                               52
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We have identified and set out below the principal risks to the Group’s business. In evaluating the Company, you should
carefully consider these risks in addition to other information in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Risks Related to Our Business
Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a
result of downturns in the economy.
Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is
particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in
discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors,
such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; fear of exposure to a widespread health epidemic; any weaknesses in
the job or housing market; credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential
for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession and changes in consumer
confidence in the economy; or fear of war, political instability, civil unrest or future acts of terrorism. These factors could reduce
consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business activities we offer, thus imposing additional
limits on pricing and harming our operations.


Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability,
civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities
and disrupt our operations.
So-called “Acts of God”, such as typhoons and rainstorms, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of
highly infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war may result in decreases in
travel to and from, and economic activity in, area in which we operate, and may adversely affect the number of visitors to our
properties. We also face potential risks associated with the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent
or severe storms, typhoons, flooding, extreme or prolonged heat, rising sea levels and shortages of water. To the extent climate
change causes additional changes in weather patterns, our properties along the coast could be subject to an increase in the
number and severity of typhoons and coastal and river flooding could cause damage to these properties, and all our properties
could be subject to increased precipitation levels and heat stress. Any of these events may disrupt our ability to staff our
business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events,
we cannot assure you any such coverage will provide any coverage or be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and
indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of,
any of our properties.


Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel.
We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. Only a portion of our business is and will be generated by
local residents. Most of our customers travel to reach our properties. Infectious diseases may severely disrupt domestic and
international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to Macao, including our properties. Regional political
events, acts of terrorism or civil unrest, including those resulting in travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness
of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic
and international travel. Management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions from these types of events in air or other
forms of travel would have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                                 53
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations.
We are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business,
and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. There can be no
assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such
licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies (such as
LVS, of which we are a subsidiary) and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. Any violation of the FCPA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.


We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering
regulations, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in Macao. Any such laws and regulations could change
or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Any violation of anti-money
laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money
laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our
current and future operations.
Our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of
restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:
•      incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;
•      incur liens securing indebtedness or other obligations;
•      dispose of certain assets;
•      make certain acquisitions;
•      pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests,
       repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;
•      enter into sale and leaseback transactions;
•      engage in any new businesses;
•      issue preferred shares; and
•      enter into transactions with our Shareholders and our affiliates.


The 2018 SCL Credit Facility contains various financial covenants. As a result of the impact from the COVID-19 Pandemic, the
2018 SCL Credit Facility was amended on March 27, 2020, September 11, 2020, July 7, 2021, November 30, 2022 and again
on May 11, 2023 to waive those financial covenants through January 1, 2024. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
obtain similar waivers in the future.




                                                               54
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




As of December 31, 2023, we had US$8.21 billion of borrowings outstanding under the Senior Notes and the LVS Term Loan,
and US$2.49 billion of available borrowing capacity under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility. This indebtedness could have important
consequences to us. For example, it could:
•     make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;
•     increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•     impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development
      projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;
•     require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on
      our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;
•     limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;
•     require us to repurchase our Senior Notes upon certain events, such as any change in gaming law or any action by a
      gaming authority after which none of the Group members owns or manages casino or gaming areas or operates casino
      games of chance in Macao in substantially the same manner as the Group was at the issue date of the Senior Notes for
      a period of 30 consecutive days or more;
•     place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
•     subject us to higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates.


Our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit
market conditions, potential approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets,
the particular circumstances of the gaming industry, prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as
evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. If we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash
flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing,
dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or not make dividend payments. There is
no assurance any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be
disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt
agreements.


We may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. If
we are required to raise additional capital in the future, our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things,
global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our
prospects and our credit ratings. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe
higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be further
negatively impacted. In addition, the terms of future debt agreements could require higher costs, include more restrictive
covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or be unavailable due to our
covenant restrictions then in effect. There is no guarantee that debt financings will be available in the future to fund our
obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. The 2018 SCL Credit Facility contains
various financial covenants, we have entered into an amended and restated facility agreement with lenders to waive certain of
its financial covenants through January 1, 2024.




                                                               55
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We extend credit to a portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from
our credit players.
We conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. Any such credit we extend is unsecured. Table games players
typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than players who
tend to wager lesser amounts.


During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 10.6% of our table games drop at our properties was from credit-
based wagering. We extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of
management, an extension of credit. These large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if
deemed uncollectible.


In particular, we expect our operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including
Macao. To the extent our gaming customers are from other jurisdictions, our operations may not have access to a forum in
which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not
enforce gaming debts and our operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under
applicable laws, our operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.


Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a
significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

We face the risk of fraud and cheating.
Our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. Acts of fraud or cheating could
involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. Internal acts of cheating could also
be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area
staff. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. In addition,
negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future.
The hotel, resort and casino businesses are highly competitive. Our properties compete with numerous other casinos located
within Macao. Additional Macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in Macao
could add to the competitive dynamic of the market.


Our operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in Asia, including Singapore, South Korea,
Malaysia, Philippines, Australia, Cambodia and elsewhere in the world, including Las Vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise
ships that offer gaming. Our operations also face increased competition from new developments in Malaysia, Australia and
South Korea. In addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize casino gaming.


The proliferation of gaming venues and gaming activities, such as online gaming, as well as renovations and expansions by
our competitors, and their ability to attract customers away from our properties could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                                56
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Risks Associated with Our Operations
There are significant risks associated with our current and planned construction projects.
Our development projects and any other construction projects we undertake will entail significant risks. Construction activity
requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. Construction
projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors’
control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems,
work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment.
Construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits,
allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize,
prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. As development and
construction projects develop, we could also make decisions that result in increases to the expected costs and timelines for
completion of our projects. Construction contractors or counterparties for our current projects may be required to bear certain
cost overruns for which they are contractually liable, and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may
incur increased costs for such developments. If our management is unable to manage successfully our construction projects, it
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


The anticipated costs and completion dates for our current and planned projects are based on budgets, designs, development
and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction
development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and
as actual construction work is performed. A failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our Concession can be terminated or redeemed under certain circumstances without compensation to us.
The Macao government has the right to unilaterally terminate our Concession in the event of VML’s serious non-compliance
with its basic obligations under the Concession and applicable Macao laws. Upon termination of our Concession, the Gaming
Assets, for which use has been temporarily transferred by the Macao government to VML, would automatically be transferred
back to the Macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these
operations. The loss of our Concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in Macao, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, beginning on
January 1, 2029, the Macao government has the option to redeem the Concession by providing us at least one-year advance
notice. In the event the Macao government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity.
However, the compensation paid may not be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues.


The number of visitors to Macao, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel to Macao
may be disrupted.
Our VIP and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in Asia, including mainland China, Hong
Kong, South Korea and Japan. Increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland
China. Slowdown in economic growth or changes of China’s current policies on travel and currency movements could disrupt
the number of visitors from mainland China to our casinos as well as the amounts they are willing and able to spend while at
our properties.


Policies and measures adopted from time to time by the Chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted
to residents of mainland China for travel to Macao and Hong Kong. These polices and measures, if implemented, may have the
effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macao from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming
industry in Macao.



                                                             57
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




The Macao government could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase
competition we face.
We hold one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the Macao government to operate casino games of chance in Macao
through December 31, 2032. If in future the Macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in Macao, we
would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.


Conducting business in Macao has certain political and economic risks.
Our business development plans, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely
affected by significant political, social and economic developments in Macao, and by changes in policies of the government
or changes in laws and regulations or their interpretations. Our operations are also exposed to the risk of changes in laws and
policies that govern operations of companies based in Macao. Jurisdictional tax laws and regulations may also be subject to
amendment or different interpretation and implementation, thereby having an adverse effect on our profitability after tax.
These changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Current Macao law and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is
little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations. We believe our organizational structure and operations are
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations of Macao. These laws and regulations are complex
and a court or an administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations,
or issue regulations, which differs from our interpretation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.


In addition, our activities are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. We cannot assure
you we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, which may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business
strategy and operations. Macao law permits redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, such redress
is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.

Our tax arrangements with the Macao government may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all.
We have had the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in Macao, which exempts us from paying the 12% corporate income
tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games, but does not apply to our non-gaming activities. We will continue
to benefit from this tax exemption through December 31, 2027. Additionally, we entered into a shareholder dividend tax
agreement with the Macao government on February 7, 2024, effective from the tax year 2023 through the tax year 2025,
providing an annual payment as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from VML shareholders on dividend distributions
paid from VML gaming profits (the “Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement”). We cannot assure you that the corporate tax
exemption will be extended or granted after December 31, 2027 or that we will be able to enter into a shareholder dividend
tax agreement on the same or similar terms or at all after the Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement expires.




                                                              58
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We may be held jointly liable with gaming promoters for their activities in our casinos.
Macao’s Court of Final Appeal ruled on November 19, 2021 that gaming concessionaires are jointly liable with gaming
promoters, including their managers and employees, for activities conducted by gaming promoters in gaming concessionaires’
casinos when those activities relate to the typical activity of gaming promoters and are conducted for the benefit of gaming
concessionaires. The Macao legislature has subsequently, and with retroactive effect, interpreted and clarified the law
underpinning joint liability, stating that the activities of gaming promoters in the casinos of gaming concessionaires only result
in joint liability if the deposited funds or chips were used to play games of chance in the casinos or correspond to winnings from
such games. We do not currently depend on gaming promoters for any portion of our gaming revenue, but we have in the
past and may do so again in the future. Whilst we have always strived for excellence in monitoring systems and practices for
gaming promoters operating in our casinos, we cannot guarantee that we are able to monitor all of their activities. In addition,
we cannot guarantee to what extent the Macao courts will hold us liable for the past and future activities conducted by
gaming promoters in our casinos, nor can we determine what the Macao courts will consider to be typical activities of gaming
promoters given the recently enacted interpretation of relevant laws.

We are subject to limitations of the pataca and HK dollars exchange markets and restrictions on the export
of the Renminbi.
Our revenues are denominated in patacas and HK dollars. The Macao pataca is pegged to the HK dollar and, in many cases, is
used interchangeably with the HK dollar in Macao. The HK dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although currently permitted, we
cannot assure you patacas and HK dollars will continue to be freely exchangeable into U.S. dollars. Also, our ability to convert
large amounts of patacas and HK dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period may be limited.


We are currently prohibited from accepting wagers in Renminbi. There are also restrictions on the remittance of the Renminbi
from mainland China and the amount of Renminbi that can be converted into foreign currencies, including the pataca and
HK dollar. Restrictions on the remittance of the Renminbi from mainland China may impede the flow of gaming customers
from mainland China to Macao, inhibit the growth of gaming in Macao and negatively impact our gaming operations. There
is no assurance that incremental mainland Chinese regulations will not be promulgated in the future that have the effect of
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi from mainland China. Further, if any new mainland Chinese regulations
are promulgated in the future that have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi
from mainland China, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in
such rules.


VML may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers seconded to its contractors under
government labor quotas.
The Macao government has granted VML quotas to permit it to hire foreign workers. VML has effectively seconded part of the
foreign workers employed under these quotas to its contractors for the construction of our Cotai Strip projects. VML, however,
remains ultimately liable for all employer obligations relating to these workers, including for payment of wages and taxes and
compliance with labor and workers’ compensation laws. VML requires each contractor to whom it has seconded these foreign
workers to indemnify VML for any costs or liabilities VML incurs as a result of such contractor’s failure to fulfill their obligations.
VML’s agreements with its contractors also contain provisions that permit it to retain some payments for up to one year after
the contractors’ complete work on the projects. We cannot assure you VML’s contractors will fulfill their obligations to foreign
workers hired under the labor quotas or to VML under the indemnification agreements, or the amount of any indemnification
payments received will be sufficient to pay for any obligations VML may owe to foreign workers seconded to contractors under
VML’s quotas. Until we make final payments to our contractors, we have offset rights to collect amounts they may owe us,
including amounts owed under the indemnities relating to employer obligations. After we have made the final payments, it may
be more difficult for us to enforce any unpaid indemnity obligations.



                                                                 59
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Human Capital Related Risk Factors
We depend on the continued services of key officers.
Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team,
including Dr. Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred), Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant, Mr. Sun MinQi (Dave) and Mr. Dylan James Williams.
The loss of their services or the services of our other senior managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior
management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.


We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao, and policies of government may also
affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor.
Our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and
employees at our properties. The Macao government requires we only hire Macao residents in our casinos for certain employee
roles, including roles such as dealers. In addition, we are required to obtain visas and work permits for managers and employees
we seek to employ from other countries. There is significant competition in Macao for managers and employees with the skills
required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals is likely to increase as other competitors expand
their operations.


We may have to recruit managers and employees from other countries to adequately staff and manage our properties and
certain Macao government policies affect our ability to hire non-resident managers and employees in certain job classifications.
Despite our coordination with the Macao labor and immigration authorities to ensure our management and labor needs are
satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified managers or employees for our operations
or the Macao labor and immigration authorities may not grant us the necessary visas or work permits.


If we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled managers and employees, and obtain any required visas or work
permits for our skilled managers and employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing properties and planned
development projects could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.




                                                              60
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




General Risk Factors
Failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable
privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business.
Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of data and non-electronic information, including credit
card numbers, dates of birth and other personal sensitive or financial information in various information systems we maintain
and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract and may share data. We also maintain internal information
about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that information are important
to us. Our collection of such information is subject to extensive private and governmental regulation.


Privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing and changing frequently, and vary significantly by jurisdiction.
We may incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with the various applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and
regulations as they emerge and change. Compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations also may adversely impact
our ability to market our products, properties, and services to our guests and patrons. Non-compliance by us, or potentially
by third parties with which we share information, with any applicable privacy and cybersecurity law or regulation, including
accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or dissemination, or breach of security may result in damage to our
reputation and could subject us to fines, penalties, required corrective actions, lawsuits, payment of damages, or restrictions
on our use or transfer of data. LVS, our parent company, has experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the
past and may experience in the future more frequency global cybersecurity and information security threats, which may range
from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us (as subsidiary of LVS). There has
been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies, including companies in our industry, where customer and
company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed. Our information systems and records,
including those we maintain with third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber-attacks and information security
breaches. Cyber-attacks and information security breaches may include attempts to access information, computer malware
such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt, exfiltrate or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable
in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator
errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data or documents, and other forms of electronic and non-electronic information
security breaches.


Our data security measures are reviewed periodically and we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software,
tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of customer and employee information. We
also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. Our third-
party information system service providers and other third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements
also face risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy, and we do not directly control any of such parties’ information security or
privacy operations. For example, the systems currently used for the transmission and approval of payment card transactions,
and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not
us. Our gaming operations rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties. In the event there is an interruption of
these services to us, it may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Disruptions in the availability of
our computer systems, or those of third parties we engage to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we operate,
through cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and
the results of our operations.




                                                               61
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




A significant theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use of information maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team and result in
remediation expenses (including liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage and offering incentives to
customers or business partners to maintain their relationships after an attack) and regulatory fines, penalties and corrective
actions, or lawsuits by regulators, third-party service providers, third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual
agreements or people whose data is or may be impacted. Such theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use could also result in
litigation by shareholders, governmental agencies, customers or other third parties. Advances in computer software capabilities
and encryption technology, new tools, and other developments, including continuously evolving attack methods that may
exploit vulnerabilities based on these advances, may increase the risk of a security breach or other intrusion. In addition, we
may incur increased cybersecurity and privacy protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying additional
personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. We may
not have sufficient financial resources available to us relating to cybersecurity in the event of a major cybersecurity event.
Additionally, our cybersecurity insurance program may be inadequate to cover all of our losses resulting from a breach or
other cyber incident. Cyber risk insurance availability and pricing can fluctuate substantially and we cannot be certain that our
current level of insurance will be available in the future on economically reasonable terms. Any of these events could interrupt
our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation,
litigation, fines and other liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.


Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer
and our insurance costs may increase in the future.
We maintain comprehensive insurance programs for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction,
with coverage features and insured limits we believe are customary in their amount, breadth and scope. Market forces
beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage
at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a pandemic or catastrophic nature, such as infectious disease,
earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or cyber-related losses, or certain other liabilities including terrorist activity, political unrest,
geopolitical strife or actual or threatened war may be, or are, uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. As a
result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. In addition,
in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or
replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, we
could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property,
and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.


Certain of our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance.
Failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.




                                                                 62
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We are subject to risks from litigation, investigations, enforcement actions and other disputes.
Our business is subject to various laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties
or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or gaming promoters
could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties,
including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/
or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. The investigations, litigation and other disputes may
also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly negatively impact
our Concession. We cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future proceedings and the impact they will have on our
financial results, but any such impact may be material. While some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be
certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

We could be negatively impacted by ESG and sustainability matters.
Governments, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on corporate ESG practices
and disclosures, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving and growing, and new ESG laws and regulations are
expanding mandatory disclosure, reporting and diligence requirements. We have announced various ESG goals, commitments
and initiatives, including with respect to climate change and other sustainability matters, our economic and social impact and
human capital management. Our ability to achieve these goals is subject to numerous risks that may be outside of our control,
and the criteria by which our ESG practices are assessed may change due to the evolution of the sustainability landscape,
which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Our
failure or perceived failure to achieve our ESG goals or maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations
and expanding legal requirements could harm our reputation, adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of
operations, ability to attract and retain employees or customers and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment
community and enforcement authorities. If we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, stakeholders may conclude our policies
and/or actions with respect to ESG matters are inadequate and our reputation, business, financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely impacted.




                                                               63
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.1 OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Shareholding Analysis and our Shareholders
Share capital (as at December 31, 2023)
Authorized share capital                     16,000,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
Issued share capital                         8,093,379,566 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each


Shareholding distribution
                                                                                     As at December 31, 2023
                                                            Number of                      % of        Number of                   % of the issued
  Size of shareholding                                    Shareholders            Shareholders(1)     Shares held                   share capital(1)

  1–1,000                                                              417                 64.65%                 182,546                    0.002%
  1,001–5,000                                                          174                 26.98%                 389,980                    0.005%
  5,001–10,000                                                          29                  4.50%                 228,400                    0.003%
  10,001–100,000                                                        21                  3.26%                 722,900                    0.009%
  100,001–1,000,000                                                      2                  0.31%                 411,600                    0.005%
  Over 1,000,000                                                         2                  0.31%           8,091,444,140                   99.976%

  Total                                                                645                   100%         8,093,379,566                         100%


Note:
(1)     Percentage is for reference only, and may not add up to the total due to rounding.


The actual number of investors holding Shares is likely to be much greater, due to ownership of Shares being held through
nominees, investment funds and the Central Clearing and Settlement System (“CCASS”). Approximately 47.28% of our issued
Shares were held through CCASS as at December 31, 2023.


Shareholding by Type

  Venetian Venture Development Intermediate II(1)                                                                                             69.91%
  Institutional and Retail Investors                                                                                                          30.09%

  Total                                                                                                                                         100%


Note:
(1)     On December 5, 2023, VVDI (II) entered into a share purchase transaction to purchase Shares for an amount up to HK$1,951,325,000 (the actual
        amount cannot be determined until the settlement of the transaction). For illustration, these are estimations based on the closing price of Shares
        as at December 5, 2023.


Based on publicly available information and within the Directors’ knowledge as at the Latest Practicable Date, Sands China
maintained a sufficient public float at approximately 30% of our issued share capital.




                                                                           64
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Creation of Shareholder value
In 2023, the Company benefited from a number of key strengths that helped differentiate our business from our competitors,
including the following:
•     Providing the highest quality integrated resort offerings;
•     The diversification of amenities;
•     Maintaining an industry-leading development pipeline (please refer to sections 2.3 and 2.5 of this Annual Report for
      details of our development projects);
•     Utilizing established brands;
•     Operating efficiently;
•     Maintaining an experienced management team;
•     Leveraging our unique MICE and entertainment facilities; and
•     Deriving significant benefits from our on-going relationship with LVS.


Sands China had a profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2023 of US$692 million, compared to
a loss of US$1.58 billion in 2022. Basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US8.56 cents (HK66.89
cents) compared to a basic loss per share of US19.55 cents (HK152.42 cents) in 2022.


We are grateful to all Shareholders who provide us with feedback and views. If any Shareholder has comments or questions on
what we are doing on his or her behalf, please contact us. Our contact information can be found in section 6 of this Annual
Report. We will provide an answer to your questions. We will take your comments into account and act upon them if we believe
this will improve our performance and create shareholder value.


2.7.2 OUR LENDERS
During the year ended December 31, 2023, we made a total repayment of US$1.95 billion under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility,
resulting in US$2.49 billion of available borrowing capacity. As of December 31, 2023, our borrowings primarily consisted of
US$7.15 billion of Senior Notes and US$1.06 billion of LVS Term Loan. Please refer to Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for particulars of our borrowings.


During the year ended December 31, 2023, we funded our development projects through net cash flows generated from
operations. We intend to fund our future capital expenditure plans through a combination of debt and cash flow generated
from operations. For information on the capital and operating expenditure requirements under the Concession, please refer to
section 2.3 of this Annual Report.




                                                            65
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                            2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.3 OUR CUSTOMERS
Our properties are designed to cater to a broad range of customers:
•    Leisure customers who visit resort destinations for quality accommodation, retail, dining, entertainment, spas and
     sightseeing, and those who may opt to game as part of that experience;
•    Conference and exhibition organizers who seek an environment that attracts more buyers and exhibitors to trade shows
     and exhibitions because of the size, flexibility, quality and ambiance of the venue, business-friendly accommodation,
     dining, environmentally-friendly factors and other resort facilities;
•    Corporate meeting and incentive group organizers who value the extensive meeting facilities with environmentally-
     friendly options enabling even the largest of meetings to be held under one roof with a wide array of entertainment,
     dining and retail facilities;
•    Mass market players who represent the highest profit margin gaming segment, and are characterized by Non-Rolling
     Chip and slot machine play; and
•    VIP and premium players, who enjoy our private Paiza Club gaming floors, luxury accommodation and amenities, and are
     characterized by Rolling Chip play.

Our customers are predominantly from Asia, with our major markets being mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, India, Japan,
Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore.

We have strong relationships with travel agents and corporate and exhibition organizers throughout the region for distribution
of our leisure products and promotion of our MICE offerings. In addition, we participate in trade shows in source markets to
build brand awareness and promote our services and facilities.

2.7.4 OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY
Board oversight of ESG Issues
The Board has overall responsibility for SCL’s ESG program and reporting. The ESG Committee assists the Board with fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities with respect to SCL’s ESG issues, strategy and reporting. Please refer to section 3.4.6 of this Annual
Report for more information about the ESG Committee.


ESG Report
Sands China is committed to promoting the sustainable development of our business and of the community. In order to provide
our stakeholders with more information about the Group’s ESG initiatives and performance, the Company will publish a
separate and comprehensive ESG report for the year ended December 31, 2023, covering the requirements set out in Appendix
C2 of the Listing Rules and prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.


ESG policies and performance
Our corporate responsibility platform represents our unique approach to addressing ESG issues most material to our business,
community and key stakeholders. With defined strategies supporting each pillar, we are firmly dedicated to being an ESG leader
committed to our People, Community and Planet pillars. We have an overarching ambition to drive action and create positive
impact.

Pursuant to Rule 2.07A of the Listing Rules under the expansion of paperless listing regime and mandatory electronic
dissemination of corporate communications (as defined in the Listing Rules) that came into effect on December 31, 2023, the
Company has adopted electronic dissemination of corporate communications. All future corporate communications will be
available electronically on the Company’s website and the website of HKEXnews, in place of printed copies. Please refer to the
Company’s website for details.




                                                                66
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Highlights of the 2023 Environmental and Social Performance
Corporate Responsibility Platform
 Planet Pillar Ambition 2025                                  2025 Target: 17.5% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 absolute
                                                              emissions from a 2018 baseline
                                                              2023 Performance: 58% reduction from baseline
 Energy
 Scope 1 GHG emissions (MT CO2e):                             94,216
 Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions (MT CO2e):              371,489
 Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions (MT CO2e):                220,782
 Total energy consumption (MWh):                              985,455
 Generated renewable energy (MWh):                            537
 International renewable energy certificates (MWh):           285,000
 Water Stewardship                                            2025 Target: 3% reduction in potable water use per active
                                                              square foot from a 2019 baseline
                                                              2023 Performance: 14% reduction from baseline
 Total water use (million gallons):                           1,731
 Drop by Drop Project
 •    Sands China continued its external water conservation education and engagement efforts this year in collaboration
      with The Institute of Science and Environment at the University of Saint Joseph Macao, particularly in understanding
      the role mangroves can play in protecting coastal areas from microplastics pollution.
 Waste                                                        2025 Target: Increase operational diversion rate to 20%
                                                              2023 Performance: 16% operational waste is diverted
 Total waste generated (landfill, incineration, diverted) (MT): 34,228
 Responsible Consumption
 •   Our sustainable spending grew by 124%, while overall procurement spending increased by 42%. The higher rate of
     sustainable spending is attributable to greater use of alternative fuel sources for the guest shuttle buses.
 •   50% of Sands China-branded water bottles were made from sustainable materials. 98% of sustainable paper hygiene
     products were sourced globally and 99% sustainable bed linens were sourced globally.
 •   We commenced the transition to cage-free eggs in our hotels and restaurants, in line with our target of being 100%
     cage-free by 2028.
 People Pillar Ambition 2025                                  7 million hours of workforce development training
 •     We have achieved 6.3 million training hours since 2021 and 2.3 million in 2023 alone, putting us firmly on track to
       meet our target.
 •     We extended post-paternity benefits to new fathers providing men with greater flexibility to care for family by working
       one hour less per shift and enjoying regular work shifts without rotation for the 30 days after returning to work from
       their child’s birth.
 •     Sands China held a three-day Macao Showcase at Marina Bay Sands, which welcomed a Macao delegation of nearly
       200 people to promote Macao brands for food & beverage, fashion, wellness and others to Singapore sales and trade
       partners, regional and international media, and local residents and travelers.
 Community Pillar Ambition 2025                               200,000 volunteer hours contributed to our local
                                                              community
 •     By the end of 2022, we had surpassed our 2025 ambition to contribute 110,000 community service hours, logging
       more than 172,000 hours and exceeding the goal by 57%. We have contributed 187,393 community service hours
       toward our new goal.




                                                               67
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Awards and Recognitions
Sands China
•    Named in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) World for the second year and DJSI Asia Pacific for the third
     consecutive year in 2023.
•    Top 1% for ESG Performance in the China edition of S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023.
•    Included in the FTSE4Good Index Series.
•    Earned “Prime Status” and “B Rating” in ISS ESG Corporate Rating.
•    Earned five Top 10 rankings in Business Sustainability Indices determined by the Chinese University of Hong Kong
     Business School, highlighted by a Top 5 ranking in the 3rd Greater China Hotel Business Sustainability Index. Ranked
     6th in the 1st Global Asia-Pacific Business Sustainability Index, and the only integrated resort/hotel operator in the Top
     20; Ranked 6th in the 8th Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index; Ranked 6th in the 4th Greater Bay Area Business
     Sustainability Index; Ranked 7th in the 3rd Greater China Business Sustainability Index, and the only integrated resort/
     hotel operator in the Top 20.
•    In 2023, all certified Sands China hotels have been awarded Macao Green Hotel Gold Awards.
•    Special mention in the Hang Seng Index Category of the HKICPA’s 2023 Best Corporate Governance and ESG Awards.
•    Continued providing disclosures to Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the gold standard of environmental reporting,
     earning A-scores for both CDP Climate Change and Water Security.
•    Maintained MSCI ESG rating of A.


Macao Green Hotel Gold Award
•   The Venetian Macao
•   The Parisian Macao
•   Four Seasons Macao
•   The Londoner Macao Hotel
•   Conrad Macao
•   The St. Regis Macao
•   Sheraton Grand Macao
•   Sands Macao


2.7.5 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Details regarding the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, which have a significant impact on the Group
are provided in the Business Review section (section 2 of this Annual Report) and the Corporate Governance Report (section 3
of this Annual Report).


The Company has a formal Anti-Money Laundering Policy in place, which takes into account regulatory requirements and
expectations, as well as industry demands, to ensure that regulatory compliance is maintained at the highest monitoring
standards.


The Compliance Committee is established to assist the Board with its oversight of the compliance program with respect to
compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s business, including gaming laws and regulations; and the
compliance with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti-Money Laundering Policy, and Reporting and Non-
Retaliation Policy applicable to the Company’s Directors, officers and team members. The Compliance Committee operates
under a Compliance Plan approved by the Audit Committee and is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer.




                                                              68
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.6 RELATIONSHIPS WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2023, our team member profile was as follows:

Number of full-time team members:	25,906 (inclusive of 2,402 managed by hotel partners, 468 based in Zhuhai and
                                   64 based in Hong Kong)
Average age:                       43
Gender ratio:                      Male 49% Female 51%
Total number of nationalities:     54

To attract, retain and motivate high performing individuals to achieve our goals and strategy, we determine team member
remuneration levels by referencing the performance of the individual and that of the Company. We also adopted an equity
award plan to align the interests of team members with those of our Shareholders.

We continued prioritizing in workforce agility and talent retention, emphasizing employee advancement, well-being and
engagement. We adopted various internal agile talents initiatives, including 40-hour workweek, which bolstered our ability to
maintain a flexible workforce to meet business needs. In 2023, our team members, on average, received approximately 88.3
hours of training. Among our numerous recognized programs, “The Knowledge – Be a Londoner Guide” received the 2024
Excellence in Practice Awards from the highly esteemed Association for Talent Development (ATD). We revamped the “Because
We Care TM” award ceremony, a company-wide program to recognize team members’ outstanding performances. This
revamped recognition program drew over 1,700 nominations, celebrating the achievements of more than 770 distinguished
team members. Further cementing our commitment to workplace synergy, we launched a new fellowship program to promote
fellowship spirit, fostering cross-departmental collaboration, support and growth, and generating positive business impact.

The Company’s commitment and determination to put people first, through wide-ranging, effective and innovative human
resources initiatives, enabled Sands China to win 27 human resources awards in the Greater China and Asia Pacific region.
Garnering such a significant number of human resources awards distinguishes Sands China as a leader in human resources
excellence and serves as a compelling endorsement of our innovative strategies in talent management and development.




                                                             69
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
           SANDS CHINA LTD.


3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Entertainment
That Is Simply
Out Of This
World.
                 70
          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.1 INTRODUCTION
Corporate governance is the collective responsibility of the Board. The Directors firmly believe good corporate governance is key
to creating shareholder value and ensuring proper management of the Company in the interests of all stakeholders.

This report describes the corporate governance framework and practices of Sands China and how these have been applied
during the year ended December 31, 2023.

3.2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE COMPLIANCE
Throughout 2023 and up to the Latest Practicable Date, save as disclosed below, the Company complied with all code
provisions and, where appropriate, adopted certain recommended best practices set out in the Code.

Code Provision C.2.1 — Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles
The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at the Company have been performed by Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein from
January 2021 until January 2024. With the presence of five Non-Executive Directors (of whom four are independent) on the
Board who bring their independent judgement to bear on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources,
appointments and standards of conduct, the Company believes the balance of power and authority on the Board is adequately
ensured. Furthermore, the senior management, Dr. Wong Ying Wai and Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant, are also Executive
Directors and assist Mr. Goldstein in his role as the bridge between the Board and the senior management and executive team
on business issues.

On January 24, 2024, Mr. Chum was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Goldstein was re-designated
as a Non-Executive Director and continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
have not been performed by the same individual since then.

Code Provision F.2.2 — Annual General Meeting attendance
Mr. Goldstein was unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on May 19, 2023 due to other business
commitments. In his absence, the annual general meeting was chaired by Mr. Chum, who liaised with Mr. Goldstein on all
key matters prior to the meeting. Mr. Goldstein was also debriefed on the meeting to ensure any matters raised at the annual
general meeting were followed up and considered by the Board.

3.3 CULTURE
Our culture inspires and challenges people to continually strive for impeccable service quality standards and excellence through
innovation and teamwork, and to have the courage to question conventional thinking in the hospitality industry, guided and
supported all the while by the Group’s values of fairness, honesty, ethics, and a commitment to sustainability for people, our
community, and the planet.

The Board is satisfied that the Group’s purpose, mission, and values align with our culture.

 Our Purpose                              Our Mission                                 Our Values

 We aim to create positive impact         We develop and operate iconic               •     Dedication to impeccable service
 by attracting valuable leisure and       integrated resorts that drive leisure and   •     Excellence in business performance
 business tourism, contributing           business tourism through sustainable        •     Innovation by challenging
 economic benefits to our community       business practices.                               conventional thinking in the
 and making our region an ideal place                                                       hospitality industry
 to live, work and visit.                                                             •     Fairness, honesty and a strong code
                                                                                            of ethics
                                                                                      •     Sustainability for people, community
                                                                                            and planet




                                                               71
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4 BOARD GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Sands China’s structure for corporate governance is as follows:


                                                             Board of
                                                             Directors




       Audit                   Remuneration                  Capex                      Nomination                  ESG
     Committee                  Committee                   Committee                   Committee                 Committee




    Audit Services                                          Executive
       Group                                                Committee




                                                 Suspicious                                 Enterprise Risk
       Credit             Compliance                                 Junket Oversight                            ESG Steering
                                             Transactions Report                            Management
     Committee            Committee                                     Committee                                 Committee
                                                 Committee                               (”ERM”) Committee


The governance structure in respect of the risk management and internal control system is set out in section 3.5 of this Annual
Report.

The Board
The Board is primarily concerned with the overall leadership, strategy and development of the Group to promote its long-term
success for the benefit of all its Shareholders within a framework of effective controls that enable risk to be continually assessed
and managed. The Board establishes the strategic objectives of the Group, ensures that the necessary resources are in place to
achieve those objectives, reviews management performance and ensures that high ethical standards are adhered to.

In its decision-making process, the Board considers the likely long-term effects of any decision, the interests of the Group’s
team members, relationships with suppliers and customers, the impact of the Group’s operations on the community and the
environment, and the maintenance of Sands China’s reputation for adhering to high standards of business conduct.

More information relating to the strategy for delivering our objectives can be found in section 2 of this Annual Report.

The Committees
The Board has five Committees that undertake work on its behalf, and report back to the Board: the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee. These Committees
assist the Board by assuming oversight responsibilities or addressing certain matters in greater depth, allowing the Board to use
its time more efficiently. Following each meeting, the Chairperson of each Committee reports back to the Board to ensure that
the Board is fully informed of all activities. The Board also retains responsibility for approving any actions where a Committee’s
role is solely advisory.

The Committees’ roles and responsibilities are outlined in their respective terms of reference, which are reviewed annually to
ensure they remain appropriate. On the Company’s and the Stock Exchange’s websites, you can find the terms of reference
of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the ESG Committee. The terms of
reference of the Capex Committee can be found on the Company’s website.

The sections that follow elaborate on the Company’s corporate governance structure and set out how the Board, its
Committees, and the risk management system operated during 2023.



                                                                72
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.1 THE BOARD
Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprises eight Directors. There are two Executive Directors and six Non-Executive
Directors, of whom four are independent. The biographies of each Director, setting out their specific skills and experience, are
set out in section 1.3 of this Annual Report.

The Board comprises of members with a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to Sands China.
These include having a deep understanding of the hospitality, gaming and MICE industries and knowledge of the local business
and economic environment in Macao and more broadly in China and Asia.


Key roles
A number of roles are key to a well-run board, particularly those of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and the Company
Secretary. Additionally, the Non-Executive Directors bring different perspectives to the Board’s discussion from the Executive
Directors who are involved in the day-to-day running of the business.

(a)   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
As explained in section 3.2, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have been performed by Mr. Goldstein from
January 2021 until January 2024. On January 24, 2024, Mr. Chum was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President, and
Mr. Goldstein was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director and continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. The roles of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have not been performed by the same individual since then.

The principal responsibilities of Chairman are:
•    Chairing and managing the functioning of the Board.
•    Setting the Board’s agenda with the senior management and ensuring adequate time is available for discussion of all
     agenda items, in particular strategic issues.
•    Promoting a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of the Non-Executive Directors.
•    Ensuring Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information and also ensuring effective communication with
     Shareholders.
•    Ensuring appropriate standards of governance permeate through all levels of the Company.

The principal responsibilities of Chief Executive Officer are:
•    Developing the business strategies and support plans for approval by the Board.
•    Implementing the objectives and policies agreed by the Board.
•    Managing and leading the senior management and executive team.
•    Acting as a bridge between the Board and the senior management and executive team, ensuring the Board is aware of
     the views of the Executive Directors, senior management and executive team on business issues.
•    Setting an example to the Company’s team members and communicating to them the expectations of the Board in
     relation to the Company’s culture, values and behaviour.

(b) Non-Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Directors bring a mix of business experience and external perspectives as they are not involved in the day-
to-day running of the business. Their principal responsibilities are:
•     Bringing independent judgement to bear on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources,
      appointments and standards of conduct.
•     Taking the lead where potential conflicts of interest arise.
•     Serving on Board Committees where individual members have specific expertise or where independent oversight is
      required.
•     Scrutinizing the Company’s performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives, and monitoring of
      performance.


                                                              73
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Non-Executive Directors, Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Charles Daniel Forman, are not independent given their connection
with our Controlling Shareholder, LVS. Nevertheless, they bring direct experience of the leisure and hotel industries and add
considerable value to the Board’s decision-making process. Although not considered independent, they act in the interests of
Sands China and its Shareholders as a whole in their capacity as Board members.


The other four Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent, meeting the Listing Rule’s requirement that at least
one-third of the Board should be independent. Given the substantial shareholding held by LVS, the Independent Non-Executive
Directors have a particular responsibility to safeguard the interests of minority Shareholders notwithstanding the Board and the
majority Shareholder both understand decisions should always be made in the best interests of the Company.


(c)   Company Secretary
The Company Secretary plays an important role in ensuring the smooth functioning of the Board. The role of Company
Secretary includes:
•     Working with the Chairman to ensure there is a good and timely flow of information to Directors.
•     Ensuring the correct Board procedures are followed.
•     Facilitating induction activities for new Directors and assisting with the continuing professional development of Board
      members.
•     Taking and keeping minutes of all Board and Committee meetings.
•     Advising the Chairman and the Board on all corporate governance related matters.


Governance framework for the Board
The Board has a number of policies and procedures in place to formalize its governance framework and to ensure it operates
transparently and in accordance with best practices.


(a)   Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines (“CG Guidelines”)
The Board has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines that is consistent with the requirements of the Code. The
CG Guidelines, which was last updated on October 14, 2022 and is available on the Company’s website. The principal matters
covered are:
•    Board membership and Committees.
•    Board refreshment and management succession planning.
•    Conduct of Directors and delegation of matters by the Board.
•    Procedures for Board meetings, management of conflict of interests and determination of Directors’ remuneration.
•    Requirements for induction of new Directors and continuing education of existing Directors.
•    Evaluation of Board and Committees performance.
•    Provisions of access to management and advisors.
•    Corporate governance functions of the Board.
•    Board responsibilities for strategy, business model and culture.




                                                              74
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Board of Directors Approval and Authorization Policy (“A&A Policy”)
The Board has a formal Approval and Authorization Policy that sets out matters reserved to the Board. The principal matters
include the review and approval of:
•     Annual operating and capital budgets.
•     Regulatory announcements.
•     Initial construction budgets for a project and any other arrangements and commitments.
•     Capital projects not included in annual or other budgets.
•     Charitable contributions.
•     Use of professional consultants and freelance agencies.
•     Issuance, incurrence and early extinguishment of external indebtedness.
•     Issuance or sale of equity securities.
•     External acquisition or disposition arrangements outside the normal course of business and external partnership or joint
      venture.
•     Guidelines for Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
•     Other matters where Board approval is required by laws and regulations or codes and policies adopted by the Board.


The Board is also responsible for the approval of strategies, determining risk appetite, overseeing the risk management and
internal control systems and ensuring their effectiveness, approval of interim dividends and the recommendation of final
dividends for Shareholders’ approval.

(c)   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Board is also responsible for setting ethical standards for the Company. The Company has adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics that applies to all Directors, officers, team members and business partners. It establishes policies
and procedures the Board believes promote the highest standards of integrity, compliance with the laws and personal
accountability, and is based upon the following four key principles:


Principle 1: Respect for individuals
Principle 2: Doing business ethically and legally
Principle 3: Protecting our Company and investors
Principle 4: Enhancing our communities


The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is provided to all new Directors, officers and team members and is available on the
Company’s website.


(d) Anti-Corruption Policy
The Company has adopted an Anti-Corruption Policy to ensure that the hospitality and business development practices of our
operations are fully consistent with applicable record keeping and anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002. The Anti-Corruption Policy is provided to all new Directors, officers and team members.


(e) Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy
The Company has adopted a Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy to facilitate and encourage the reporting of any misconduct
at the Company, including violations or potential violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and to ensure those
reporting such misconduct will not be subject to harassment, intimidation or other retaliatory action. The Reporting and Non-
Retaliation Policy is provided to all new Directors, officers and team members.




                                                             75
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board effectiveness and evaluation
In order to ensure Directors are able to contribute fully to Sands China, the Company has formal guidelines for induction
of newly appointed Directors. These provide newly appointed Directors should receive a formal and tailored induction, to
ensure they have a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and they are fully aware of their legal and regulatory
responsibilities.

Additionally, the Board is also responsible under its CG Guidelines for maintaining the induction and continuing education
programs of all Directors. Directors are expected to participate in appropriate programs to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills and ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. Internally facilitated briefings for Directors
are arranged and relevant materials are distributed. All Directors are encouraged to attend training courses at the Company’s
expense.

During 2023, the Company arranged briefings on ESG related matters, ERM updates on cybersecurity, information technology,
gaming promoter services, crisis management and business continuity, information governance and privacy, talent acquisition
and retention and succession planning. In addition, relevant materials including legal and regulatory updates were provided to
the Directors. All Directors received training on various areas relevant to the Company’s operations, development, industry and
directors’ duties, with details as follows:

                                                                                    Training areas

  Name of Director                                     Corporate Governance      Legal and Regulatory             Business


  Executive Directors
  Wong Ying Wai                                                     √                      √                          √
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                             √                      √                          √

  Non-Executive Directors
  Robert Glen Goldstein(1)                                          √                      √                          √
  Charles Daniel Forman                                             √                      √                          √

  Independent Non-Executive Directors
  Chiang Yun                                                        √                      √                          √
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                        √                      √                          √
  Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                           √                      √                          √
  Kenneth Patrick Chung                                             √                      √                          √


Note:
(1)     Re-designated as a Non-Executive Director on January 24, 2024.


In January 2024, the Board self-reviewed its performance during 2023. It is satisfied that:
•     The Board has met all statutory and regulatory requirements as well as the requirements contained in the Company’s
      articles of association.
•     The Board has made all announcements required under the Listing Rules to ensure that the market remained
      appropriately informed.
•     Directors have met the attendance expectations for meetings of a publicly listed company.
•     Directors have contributed constructively to Board deliberations and have approved resolutions where required on a
      properly informed basis.

The Company Secretary also received on-going relevant professional training, and confirmed that he has undertaken no less
than 15 hours of training during 2023.



                                                                         76
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors’ responsibility for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2023.


Board activities in 2023
During 2023, the Board held seven meetings and additionally passed written resolutions in discharging its responsibilities. The
Board is required under its CG Guidelines and the Code to meet a minimum of four times at approximately quarterly intervals.
Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with the Independent Non-Executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors. The membership of the Board, and their attendance at the Board meetings and the general
meeting held during the year, is as follows:


                                                                                    Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)

  Name of Director                                                                Board           Annual General Meeting


  Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                                                   7/7(1)                   0/1
  Wong Ying Wai                                                                      7/7                      0/1
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                                              7/7                      1/1
  Charles Daniel Forman                                                              7/7                      1/1
  Chiang Yun                                                                         7/7                      1/1
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                         7/7                      1/1
  Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                            7/7                      1/1
  Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                              6/7                      1/1


Note:
(1)     Included three Board meetings that were attended by proxy.


Agendas for each meeting are prepared by the Company Secretary in consultation with the Chairman, Executive Vice
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, and the senior management. During 2023, the Board covered a wide range
of matters in relation to strategy, financing, operations, financial performance, regulatory compliance and governance. The
principal items considered by the Board are summarized below.


(a)     Operational and business oversight
The key areas on which the Board focused during the year were as follows:
•    Reviewed and approved the annual budget for 2023 and 2024.
•    Reviewed and approved the execution proposals for specific investment projects under the Concession Contract for 2023
     and 2024.
•    Received and considered updates from the management team on operational matters, development projects and any
     material litigation on a regular basis throughout the year.




                                                                     77
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Governance
The main governance matters considered by the Board during the year were as follows:
•    Received and considered recommendations from Board Committees on a regular basis.
•    Reviewed and approved the management incentive program.
•    Conducted the reviews required by the Code and the CG Guidelines including annual self-review of performance.
•    Recommended to Shareholders the proposal to re-appoint Deloitte as auditor.
•    Recommended to Shareholders the proposal to amend the Company’s memorandum and articles of association.


The Board’s activity in respect of risk management and internal control, including its interaction with the Audit Committee, is
set out in more detail in section 3.5 of this Annual Report.


(c)   Financial
Following the reviews and recommendations by the Audit Committee, the Board approved:
•     The Company’s preliminary annual results announcement and interim results announcement for release to the market.
•     The Company’s annual report and interim report for publication.
•     The Company’s Form 20-F annual report for filing with the SEC.
•     The Company’s quarterly U.S. GAAP financial results for inclusion by LVS in its consolidated financial statements.


(d) Regulatory
The Board focused on the following regulatory matters during the year:
•    Approved public announcements prior to release through the Stock Exchange.
•    Approved the publication and dispatch of the Company’s annual report and interim report to Shareholders.
•    Approved the publication of the Company’s ESG report.


(e) Other matters
The Board additionally considered and/or approved a number of other matters following recommendations from the Audit
Committee, including the amendment to the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, the amendment to the 2021 Shared Services Agreement
and the entry into the 2024 Shared Services Agreement.


The Board considered and approved the termination of the Company’s reporting obligations under the U.S. Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.


In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors conducted an annual review of the continuing connected transactions
of the Company as set out in this Annual Report and are of the opinion the transactions were entered into in the ordinary and
usual course of business of the Company on normal commercial terms or better, and according to the agreements governing
them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                              78
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.2 AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee plays a key oversight role at Sands China by ensuring the Group has effective and appropriate risk
management and internal control systems, backed up by comprehensive governance, internal and external audit and reporting
functions.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Audit Committee comprises four Directors, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive
Directors. The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of three Non-Executive Directors appointed by the Board, a
majority of which should be independent. Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink and Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung have the appropriate
professional qualifications and accounting and related financial management expertise.


In addition to the members of the Audit Committee and the senior management, meetings are normally attended by the Vice
President of Audit, Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer and the external auditor.


Responsibilities
The Audit Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are to support the
Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in the following key areas:
•    Overseeing the Company’s relationship with the external auditor.
•    Monitoring the integrity of financial information published by the Company.
•    Performing an oversight role in respect of internal audit, risk management and internal control.
•    Evaluating its own performance and review the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2023
During 2023, the Audit Committee met seven times in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet
at least four times in the year on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as circumstances require. The membership of the Audit
Committee, and attendance at the meetings held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                       Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink (Chairman)                                                                          7/7
 Chiang Yun                                                                                                     7/7
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                                                        7/7
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                                          6/7


The principal matters the Audit Committee dealt with were:

(a)   Oversight of relationship with the external auditor
The Audit Committee monitored the Company’s relationship with the external auditor, Deloitte. In particular, the Audit
Committee:
•    Evaluated the performance of Deloitte and their independence and objectivity. The Audit Committee recommended to
     the Board that they be re-appointed as auditor.
•    Reviewed and approved additional audit services and non-audit services provided by Deloitte.




                                                                79
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Financial information
During 2023, the Audit Committee met at regular intervals to review the financial statements prepared by management for
publication, discussing these with management and the external auditor, focusing on the matters specified in the terms of
reference. The financial statements review included:
•     The Company’s preliminary annual results announcement, the annual report, the interim results announcement and the
      interim report.
•     The Company’s Form 20-F annual report for filing with the SEC.
•     The Company’s quarterly U.S. GAAP financial results for inclusion by LVS in its consolidated financial statements.
•     Continuing connected transactions for the year.


The Audit Committee also regularly met with the external auditor, Deloitte and considered its interim review report, its report
on the full year audit and its audit plan.

(c)   Internal audit, risk management and internal control
The Audit Committee regularly considered internal audit, risk management and internal control matters. These included:
•    Reviewed the ERM program and the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems, including resources
     adequacy, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget for internal audit, accounting and financial
     reporting functions.
•    Reviewed the Company’s financial reporting system.
•    Reviewed the report of the Audit Services Group (the Company’s internal audit function) on its activities and findings on
     a quarterly basis.
•    Reviewed the performance of the Audit Services Group on an annual basis.
•    Received updates on compliance issues and reviewed the whistleblowing hotline reports on a quarterly basis.
•    Received updates on ERM on a quarterly basis and reports on a number of specific topics, including cybersecurity,
     information technology, gaming promoter services, crisis management and business continuity, information governance
     and privacy, talent acquisition and retention and succession planning.
•    Received regular reports on legal issues affecting the Group.


Further details of the Group’s risk management and internal control processes, including the Audit Committee’s role and
activities in 2023, is given in section 3.5 of this Annual Report.


(d) Other matters
The Audit Committee additionally reviewed a number of other matters during the year. This included certain business matters
prior to consideration by the Board, including the annual budget for 2023 and 2024, amendment to the 2018 SCL Credit
Facility, the amendment to the 2021 Shared Services Agreement and the entry into the 2024 Shared Services Agreement.


The Audit Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained
satisfied with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.




                                                              80
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.3 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s
remuneration policy and structure. This includes base salary, benefits, long-term and short-term incentives, profit sharing plans
and the terms of any agreements.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Remuneration Committee comprises three Directors — two Non-Executive Directors (both
of whom are independent) and one Executive Director who is the Executive Vice Chairman. The terms of reference require a
majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee (including its Chairman) are Independent Non-Executive Directors. In
addition to the members of the Remuneration Committee and the senior management, the Vice President of Human Resources
attends the meetings by invitation.


Responsibilities
The Remuneration Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are as
follows:
•     Making recommendations on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure, the establishment of a formal and
      transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy and the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors.
•     Having delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior
      management (as defined in its terms of reference).
•     Evaluating and making recommendations to the Board with regard to incentive and equity award plans.
•     Reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
•     Reviewing and approving the terms of any proposed grant of awards under the incentive and equity award plans.
•     Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2023
During 2023, the Remuneration Committee met once and additionally passed written resolutions in discharging its
responsibilities. Its terms of reference suggest it should meet four times a year, but permit it to meet less frequently as
circumstances require. The membership of the Remuneration Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year,
is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                     Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Steven Zygmunt Strasser (Chairman)                                                                          1/1
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                                  1/1
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                               1/1


The principal matters the Remuneration Committee dealt with were:
•    Reviewed and recommended the management incentive program for approval by the Board.
•    Reviewed and approved the phantom award grants.




                                                              81
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In conducting its work in relation to the remuneration of Directors and senior management, the Remuneration Committee
ensured:
•     No individual was involved in determining his or her own remuneration.
•     Remuneration awards were determined by reference to the performance of the individual and the Company and aligned
      to the market practices and conditions, the Company’s goals and strategies.


In respect of Non-Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed fees payable taking into account the
particular nature of their duties, relevant guidance available and the requirements of the Listing Rules.


The Remuneration Committee conducted a review of its performance and it remained satisfied with its performance. The terms
of reference of the Remuneration Committee were reviewed and revised on March 15, 2024 to align with the amendments to
the Code and the Listing Rules.


Additional disclosures required in respect of remuneration including the equity award plans are included in the Directors’ Report
and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report.


3.4.4 NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the Nomination Committee is to assist the Board by making recommendations on the appointment or
re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors. It thereby helps the Board to ensure the size, structure and
composition of the Board remains appropriate to enable the Board to remain effective in fulfilling its responsibilities.


Composition
The terms of reference require a majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive
Directors. They also provide the Nomination Committee should be chaired by the Chairman of the Board or an Independent
Non-Executive Director. At the Latest Practicable Date, the Nomination Committee comprises three Directors — the Chairman
of the Board (who also is Chairman of the Nomination Committee) and two Independent Non-Executive Directors who
accordingly form a majority of the Nomination Committee.


Responsibilities
The Nomination Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are to support
the Board in ensuring appropriate balance and composition of its membership by:
•     Reviewing the structure, size and composition (including but not limited to the perspective, skills, knowledge, experience
      and diversity) of the Board and its committees at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes
      to the Board and its committees to complement the Company’s strategy.
•     Identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendations to the
      Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships.
•     Making recommendations to the Board for appointments or re-appointments of Directors and succession planning for
      Directors.
•     Assessing the independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors with reference to the factors set out in the Listing
      Rules and any other factors deemed appropriate by the Nomination Committee or the Board.
•     Reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms for ensuring independent views and input are
      available to the Board annually.
•     Reviewing the Nomination Policy (as defined in its terms of reference) and the implementation and effectiveness of the
      Board Diversity Policy annually.
•     Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.



                                                                82
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Mechanisms to ensure independent views and input
The Nomination Committee completed its annual review of the implementation and effectiveness of the following mechanisms
to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, and considered them effective:
  Board and Committees’ structure                 The Board comprises half of Independent Non-Executive Directors who
                                                  are independent of and not related to each other and any members of
                                                  the senior management.

                                                  Members of all governance related committees comprising a majority of
                                                  Independent Non-Executive Directors.

  Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration           Non-executive Directors receive a fixed fee for their role(s) as member
                                                  of the Board and chairperson of the Committee as appropriate. None
                                                  of the Independent Non-Executive Directors receives equity-based
                                                  remuneration with performance related elements. Information relating
                                                  to the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 5 to the Consolidated
                                                  Financial Statements in this Annual Report.

  Appointment of Non-Executive Directors          External recruitment professionals will be engaged to help identify
                                                  potential Non-Executive Directors.

                                                  The Board seeks members from diverse professional and personal
                                                  backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise
                                                  with a reputation for integrity, having due regard to the CG Guidelines,
                                                  the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy.

  Independent Non-Executive Directors’            The Board reviews annually each Director’s contribution in performing
    commitment and independence                   his/her duties. Directors’ meeting attendance records in 2023 are
                                                  disclosed in section 3.4 of this Annual Report.

                                                  Independent Non-Executive Directors’ independence is assessed upon
                                                  appointment, annually, and at any other time where considered
                                                  appropriate.

  Executive session                               The Chairman at least annually holds meetings with the Independent
    (without management presence)                 Non-Executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.

  Conflict management                             The CG Guidelines provide guidance to Directors relating to the
                                                  management of conflicts.

  Professional advice                             The Directors may seek advice from the Company Secretary as well as
                                                  from independent professional advisors, at the Company’s expense, to
                                                  assist them in performing their duties to the Company.

  Board evaluation                                The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation to determine whether it
                                                  and its committees are functioning effectively.




                                                          83
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy
The Company has a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the nomination and appointment of new Directors. The
Board has delegated its authority and duties for matters relating to selection and appointment of Directors to the Nomination
Committee and set out the same in the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.


(a)   Key nomination criteria and principles for the nomination of Directors
The Nomination Committee considers the following key nomination criteria and principles for the nomination of Directors:
•    Review the structure, size and composition (including but not limited to the perspective, skills, knowledge, experience and
     diversity) of the Board and its committees at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
     Board and its committees to complement the Company’s strategy.
•    Identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board
     on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships, having due regard to the Board Diversity Policy and the
     individuals’ ability to contribute to the effectiveness of the Board in carrying out its responsibilities set out in the
     Company’s articles of association, the Listing Rules and applicable laws and regulations and the CG Guidelines.
•    The criteria for Board membership is set out in paragraph I(3) of the CG Guidelines, including:
     o     Members from diverse professional and personal backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and
           expertise with a reputation for integrity, with reference to the Board Diversity Policy.
     o     Ability to dedicate sufficient time and attention to the Company’s affairs.
     o     Possessing financial literacy.
     o     Possessing good character, including:
                  Integrity: Directors should demonstrate high ethical standards and integrity in their personal and professional
                   dealings.
                  Accountability: Directors should be willing to be accountable for their decisions as directors.
                  Judgement: Directors should possess the ability to provide wise and thoughtful counsel on a broad range of
                   issues.
                  Responsibility: Directors should interact with each other in a manner which encourages responsible, open,
                   challenging and inspired discussion.
                  High performance standards: Directors should have a history of achievements which reflects high standards
                   for themselves and others.
                  Commitment and enthusiasm: Directors should be committed to, and enthusiastic about, their performance
                   for the Company as directors, both in absolute terms and relative to their peers.
                  Courage: Directors should possess the courage to express views openly, even in the face of opposition.
     o     Able to meet the following expectations:
                  Dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to ensure the diligent performance of his/her duties.
                  Attend at least 75% of all Board meetings and meetings of the Board Committee(s) on which he or she
                   serves, where possible.
                  Comply with duties and responsibilities set forth in the CG Guidelines and in the Company’s articles of
                   association.
                  Comply with all duties of care, loyalty and confidentiality applicable to directors of publicly traded companies.
                  Adhere to the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Anti-Corruption Policy, including but not
                   limited to, the policies on conflicts of interest expressed therein.
•    Make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
     Directors, in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.




                                                                84
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Nomination procedures for appointment and re-appointment of Directors
The Nomination Committee follows the following procedures regarding the appointment of Directors:
(1) The Nomination Committee identifies individual(s) suitably qualified to become Board members, having due regard to
     the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, and assesses the independence of the proposed Independent Non-
     Executive Director(s) as appropriate.
(2) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board.
(3) The Board considers the individual(s) recommended by the Nomination Committee, having due regard to the Nomination
     Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines.
(4) The Board confirms the appointment of the individual(s) as Director(s) or recommends the individual(s) to stand for
     election at a general meeting. Individual(s) appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board
     will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at the next annual general meeting after initial appointment in accordance
     with the Company’s articles of association.
(5) The Shareholders approve the election of individual(s), who stand(s) for election at the general meeting, as Director(s).


The Nomination Committee follows the following procedures regarding the re-appointment of Directors:
(1) The Nomination Committee considers each retiring Director, having due regard to the Nomination Policy, the Board
     Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines, and assesses the independence of each retiring Independent Non-Executive
     Director.
(2) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board.
(3) The Board considers each retiring Director recommended by the Nomination Committee, having due regard to the
     Nomination Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines.
(4) The Board recommends the retiring Directors to stand for re-election at the annual general meeting in accordance with
     the Company’s articles of association.
(5) The Shareholders approve the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting.

(c)   Board Diversity Policy
When identifying candidates for Board membership, the Nomination Committee takes into account the Nomination Policy
and the Board Diversity Policy. Appointments are based on merit and contribution the selected individuals will bring to the
Board and factors considered include business and professional experience, geography, age, gender, race, ethnicity, cultural
and educational background, nationality and country of origin of such individuals. The Nomination Committee also takes into
account the Company’s business model and specific needs from time to time. External recruitment professionals might be
engaged to assist with the selection process when necessary.


The Company will take opportunities to improve the gender ratio on the Board over time when selecting suitable candidates for
Board appointments in order to ensure that an appropriate balance of gender diversity is achieved, with the objective that the
gender ratio of Board members shall be no less than 1 to 10 with effect from October 14, 2022, and 1 to 5 by 2025, with the
ultimate goal of bringing the Board to gender parity. The Board Diversity Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s
website.


The current gender ratio at the workforce is set out in section 2.7.6 of this Annual Report. The Company promotes diversity
in all aspects of operations and fosters an environment in which every team member is able to fully actualize their potential,
resulting in a more diverse pool of skilled and experienced team members prepared for leadership positions within the
Company, as well as recruitment and selection practices at all levels that yield a diverse range of candidates. On the path to
gender parity in the workforce, the Company aims to achieve 45% and 47% female representation in management and junior
management positions respectively, by 2025. Further details relating to the Group’s diversity approach can be found in the
Company’s 2023 ESG report.


                                                              85
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Activities in 2023
During 2023, the Nomination Committee met twice in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet
at least once in the year. The membership of the Nomination Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year,
is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                      Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                                                                              2/2
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                                    2/2
 Chiang Yun                                                                                                    2/2


The Nomination Committee completed its annual review of the structure, size and composition of the Board, assessed the
independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors as required by its terms of reference and the Code, and reviewed
and recommended the re-election of retiring directors at the annual general meeting for approval by the Board.


The Nomination Committee reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity
Policy, and results of reviews remained adequate. The Nomination Committee also conducted a review of its performance
during the year and its terms of reference. It remained satisfied with its performance and that its terms of reference remained
appropriate.

3.4.5 CAPEX COMMITTEE
The Capex Committee assists the Board by reviewing and recommending to the Board non-budgeted capital expenditure
projects with a project value exceeding US$10 million in each instance. This enables the Board, through the Capex Committee,
to exercise appropriate oversight and control over management for material projects while allowing more effective use of Board
time in focusing on more significant matters.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Capex Committee comprises three Directors — two Executive Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer and President (who is Chairman of the Capex Committee) and the Executive Vice Chairman, and one Independent Non-
Executive Director.


The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of three Directors appointed by the Board. The purpose of the Capex
Committee is to assist effective decision-making by management with an appropriate level of control. As the Capex Committee
is not a governance committee, a majority of its members are not required to be Independent Non-Executive Directors.


Responsibilities
The Capex Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its principal purpose is to support the Board
and management in making decisions on capital expenditure by:
•    Reviewing and recommending to the Board the terms of any non-budgeted capital expenditure project with a project
     value exceeding US$10 million in each instance.
•    Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.




                                                                86
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Activities in 2023
During 2023, the Capex Committee met three times in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet
as required. The membership of the Capex Committee, and attendance at the meetings held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                   Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant (Chairman)                                                                          3/3
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                                3/3
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                             3/3


The principal matters the Capex Committee dealt with were:
•    Reviewed the execution proposals for specific investment projects under the Concession Contract for 2023 and 2024.
•    Reviewed capital improvement project reports presented by management on a quarterly basis.
•    Reviewed capital expenditure projects with a project value exceeded US$10 million prior to consideration by the Board.


The Capex Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained
satisfied with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.

3.4.6 ESG COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the ESG Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the
Group’s ESG issues, strategy and reporting.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the ESG Committee comprises three Directors — two Independent Non-Executive Directors
and one Executive Director who is the Executive Vice Chairman. The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of
three Directors, at least one of whom shall be an Independent Non-Executive Director. In addition to the members of the
ESG Committee and the senior management, Executive Vice President of Operations, Vice President of Procurement and
Sustainability and Manager of ESG — Sustainability attend the meetings by invitation.


Responsibilities
The ESG Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are as follows:
•    Monitoring and overseeing the Group’s ESG strategy and approach, the ESG reporting and the implementation of ESG-
     related policies and initiatives.
•    Reviewing the Group’s environmental and social performance.
•    Reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems on ESG related matters.
•    Reviewing and making recommendation to the Board with regard to the ESG related matters, including the annual ESG
     report.
•    Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.




                                                              87
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Activities in 2023
During 2023, the ESG Committee met twice in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet as
required. The membership of the ESG Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                    Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Chiang Yun (Chairlady)                                                                                     2/2
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                                      2/2
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                              2/2


The principal matters the ESG Committee dealt with were:
•    The Company’s environmental and social performance, ESG strategy, approach and reporting as well as key on-going
     ESG initiatives and projects.
•    Reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems on ESG related matters.
•    Reviewed and recommended the Company’s ESG report for approval by the Board.
•    Reviewed and approved the changes to the 5-year cycle targets and ESG volunteer hours target.
•    Reviewed and confirmed the ESG achievement targets for the management incentive program.


The ESG Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained satisfied
with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.

3.5 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Governance and Implementation Structure for Risk Management
In executing its strategy and operating its business, the Company faces various risks and uncertainties. Effective risk
management is a central element of Sands China’s governance practices, designed to mitigate and manage these risks.
Ultimately, the accurate and timely identification, assessment and management of Sands China’s priority risks are critical to the
operational and financial success of the business.


Sands China’s governance framework for risk management and internal control is set out in its ERM Charter. The ERM Charter
was developed in 2016 with latest revision in January 2024. This underpins Sands China’s processes in three ways:
•    Firstly, the ERM Charter clearly sets out the roles and responsibilities of different committees, functions and individuals
     for risk management activity. This helps to ensure risk management is embedded across the organization with clear
     accountability for its implementation and oversight.
•    Secondly, the ERM Charter describes the methodology and approach to risk identification and assessment. This helps to
     ensure a consistent approach to risk management both across the Group and over time.
•    Thirdly, the ERM Charter establishes protocols for both internal and external communication to appropriate individuals
     where risk events arise or existing risk events change. This helps Sands China to respond effectively to mitigate or address
     risk events.


The ERM Charter is aligned with LVS’ ERM program, thereby enabling Sands China to benefit from the breadth of risk
management experience across the LVS Group. The operation of the ERM Committee is under the review of the Audit
Committee on behalf of the Board with a view to the continuous improvement of risk management and internal control
systems.




                                                              88
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Sands China’s governance structure for its risk management system is set out below:


                                                      Board of
                                                      Directors




                                                       Audit                                                            ESG
                                                     Committee                                                       Committee (1)




        Audit Services                               Executive
           Group                                     Committee




                                                     Suspicious
           Credit             Compliance                                    Junket Oversight                         ESG Steering
                                                 Transactions Report                           ERM Committee
         Committee            Committee                                        Committee                             Committee
                                                     Committee



Note:
(1)     The ESG Committee oversees the ESG program, which includes management of ESG risks. Please refer to the 2023 ESG report for more
        information.


Key roles
(a)     The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee
The Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal control systems and for reviewing their effectiveness at
least annually through the Audit Committee. The Board recognizes these systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and therefore can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against
material misstatement or loss.


The Board meets its responsibility in respect of risk management and internal control systems in a number of ways. It sets
and communicates Sands China’s strategies and objectives. Through its Audit Committee, it oversees the Company’s
risk management and internal control systems on an on-going basis. The Board monitors risk appetite by evaluating and
determining the nature and extent of the priority risks the Group will accept in order to achieve its strategic objectives.


The Audit Committee and the Board receive regular analysis of risk-related key matters for consideration in advance of each
meeting, covering the Company’s financial and operational matters as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting.
The regular provision of risk information allows the early identification of potential issues and an assessment of the adequacy
of any mitigating actions to address them.


On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee conducts an on-going review of the effectiveness of Sands China’s and its
subsidiaries’ risk management and internal control systems. The review covers all material controls, including financial,
operational and compliance controls. This looks at how the nature and extent of priority risks has changed since the
previous review, the scope and quality of management’s on-going risk monitoring and mitigation efforts, the frequency of
communication to the Audit Committee/Board and any significant changes in Sands China’s risks in the year and how these
were addressed.




                                                                       89
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Section 3.4.2 of this Annual Report sets out the principal activities of the Audit Committee during 2023 in respect of risk
management and internal control. This included an annual review of risk management and internal control systems on behalf
of the Board. Based on the following considerations, the Audit Committee concluded the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems are effective and adequate:
•     Adequacy of resources, qualifications, experience, training and budgets of the Company’s accounting, internal audit
      (Audit Services Group), financial reporting, information technology, cybersecurity, legal and compliance functions (those
      related to ESG are reviewed by the ESG Committee).
•     Changes in the nature and extent of priority risks (including ESG risks) and management’s responsiveness to changes in
      the business and external environment.
•     Scope and quality of management’s on-going monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control systems.
•     Effectiveness and the work of the internal audit function (Audit Services Group) and other assurance providers.
•     Extent and frequency of communication of results of risk monitoring to the Audit Committee.
•     Significant control weaknesses and potential deficiencies identified as well as the adequacy of planned actions to mitigate
      risks, which could pose a material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition.
•     Effectiveness of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.
•     Confirmation from management on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems.


(b) ERM Executive Sponsors
The ERM Executive Sponsors comprise the Executive Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial
Officer. The ERM Executive Sponsors are responsible for detailed executive level oversight of the Company’s risk management
processes over the course of the year.


(c)   Audit Services Group
The Audit Services Group is the Company’s internal audit function. Its responsibilities are set out in the Internal Audit Charter,
which was last updated in January 2024 and approved by the Audit Committee. These include independently reviewing the
effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.


The Audit Services Group meets this responsibility through performing independent assessments of the adequacy and
effectiveness of the Company’s risk management processes; the scope and frequency of these assessments are determined
in consultation with the ERM Executive Sponsors. In addition to its primary reporting line to the Audit Committee, the Audit
Services Group reports the results of its assessments of Sands China’s risk management processes to the ERM Executive
Sponsors. The Audit Services Group additionally advises on the design, implementation and development of risk management
processes. Meanwhile, the outputs of the risk management processes are considered in the development of the Audit Services
Group’s audit plans.


(d) Risk Owners
Risk Owners are department and functional heads across Sands China who have overall responsibility for implementing, leading
and supporting risk management activities. They are required to operate in a manner consistent with the Company’s risk
management objectives and are responsible for fostering an effective risk culture and developing risk and performance metrics
to measure, track and report on risk trends within their departments or functions.




                                                               90
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Risk Management Methodology
Sands China has adopted a risk management methodology which consists of four key processes and is applied on an on-going
basis. The methodology is based on that set out by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
It is also consistent with LVS’ ERM program, which means the Company is able to leverage and benefit from the experience and
learnings of the LVS Group in relation to the effective management of risk.


 Risk Identification
 •     Risk Owners identify risks in the operations and those relevant to the Company as a whole.
 •     ERM Executive Sponsors identify emerging risks or strategic risks.
 •     An updated risk inventory is prepared as a basis of the risk assessment and for development of the audit plan of the
       Audit Services Group.




 Risk Assessment
 •     Risk inventory is updated and assessed in conjunction with management team updates.
 •     Risk ranking is produced based on periodic risk assessments to facilitate and refresh the identification of priority risks.
 •     Impact of a risk event is assessed in terms of severity of its consequences (both financial and non-financial).
 •     Likelihood is assessed in terms of the probability a risk event could materialize.
 •     A consistent and robust global approach is taken in the determination and execution of the risk assessment
       methodology.




 Risk Response
 •     Prioritized risk ranking is reviewed by the stakeholders.
 •     Risk is managed by Risk Owners with appropriate skills and experiences.
 •     Risk mitigation plans are developed for each risk by the respective Risk Owners.
 •     Risk mitigation plans are reviewed and approved by the ERM Committee, executive management and, for priority
       risks, the Audit Committee.




 Risk Monitoring and Reporting
 •     Known and emerging risks as well as the implementation and effectiveness of the risk mitigation plans are monitored
       by the Risk Owners.
 •     Periodic updates on the implementation and progress of the risk mitigation plans are provided to the ERM Committee.
 •     On-going effectiveness of the ERM program is reviewed by the ERM Committee and priority risks are reported to the
       Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.




                                                               91
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Communications of Risk Events
An integral part of risk management processes includes the communication of risk events, both internally and externally,
when major risk events arise. Complete, accurate and timely communication of relevant information to the right individuals
and functions is key to enabling Sands China to make the appropriate decisions and responses when a risk event arises.
The necessary level of information, appropriate parties and suitable timeframe required for a response will vary significantly
according to the nature and severity of the risk event that has occurred.


Inside Information
Sands China has written procedures in place for the handling of inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules. Officers
of the Company and its subsidiaries (i.e. members of the Board, Department Heads, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice
Presidents and Vice Presidents) carry out the following periodically:
•     Business developments and events are monitored so any potential Inside Information (as defined in the Guidelines on
      Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012) is promptly identified.
•     Inside Information, where identified, is reported to the General Counsel and Company Secretary (or, in his absence, the
      Assistant General Counsel) who will then report it to the Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Financial
      Officer followed by the Executive Committee, as appropriate. The Executive Committee will meet to consider the matter
      and make a decision as to whether or not it should be treated as Inside Information and whether an announcement
      is required or, where necessary, the matter will be referred to the Board for its decision. A record of any meetings and
      discussions concerning the assessment of whether or not information constitutes Inside Information will be maintained.
•     A sensitivity list is maintained and reviewed by the Executive Committee; this list identifies factors or developments likely
      to give rise to Inside Information.
•     Any Inside Information or potential Inside Information is kept confidential and team members are reminded of the need
      to preserve confidentiality. Appropriate confidentiality agreements are put in place when the Company enters into
      significant negotiations.
•     Inside Information is first disclosed by a Stock Exchange announcement before it is released via other channels.


Activities in 2023
During 2023, the ERM Committee met four times to discharge its responsibilities. The principal matters it dealt with were:
•    Reviewed the 2023 ERM risk inventory.
•    Reviewed and approved 2023 priority risk reporting timeline.
•    Reviewed and considered updates from the Risk Owners on the implementation and progress of the risk mitigation plans.
•    Monitored risk mitigation progress in coordination with Risk Owners and provided updates to the Audit Committee on a
     quarterly basis.
•    Reviewed its Charter.


Priority Risks and Key Mitigations
The priority risks facing the Company, as identified by the Board in their annual review of the risk management processes, are
set out in section 2.6 of this Annual Report.


Through the Risk Management Methodology adopted by the Company, risk factors are identified, prioritized and
communicated, and related risk strategies are developed to manage and mitigate risks.




                                                               92
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The priority risks identified are addressed by the following key mitigation measures:
•    Implementation of additional controls, safeguards, policies and procedures
•    Proactively monitoring of regulatory changes
•    Effective monitoring and timely remediation of identified deficiencies
•    Internal audit oversight
•    Review and ensure the adequacy of resources
•    Employ and develop the best talent and leadership capabilities
•    Organize comprehensive training programs for team members, including awareness training, compliance training and
     continuing professional training
•    Design and implementation of succession plan program
•    Review the Company’s compensation policies and practices to ensure they do not provide incentives for employees to
     take inappropriate business risks or risks reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company
•    Implementation of appropriate response plans
•    Deployment of appropriate insurance instruments
•    Diversification of business
•    Proactively monitoring of industry trends, competitors and innovations


3.6 SHAREHOLDERS
Communication with Shareholders
The Company considers effective communication with Shareholders is essential for good investor relations and investor
understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company also recognizes the importance of
transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information.


To facilitate maintaining an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and to encourage Shareholder engagement and
participation, the Company has developed and maintains a Shareholders’ Communication Policy, which was adopted by
the Board on October 14, 2022 and is available on the website of the Company. Under this policy, the Company commits
to give Shareholders balanced and understandable information about the Company’s performance, position and prospects.
Information is made available to Shareholders through a number of means, including formal announcements of information
required under the Listing Rules and through the constructive use of general meetings. Updated information (for example,
including in relation to the Company’s financial information and its corporate governance practices) as well as standing
information about the Company is also made available through the Company’s website (www.sandschina.com).


The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and Shareholders. The
Chairman of the Board, as well as the chairperson and/or other members of the Committees will, in the absence of unforeseen
circumstances, attend to answer questions raised at these meetings. The external auditor will be asked to attend the annual
general meeting to answer questions about relevant matters including the conduct of the audit, the auditor’s report and
auditor independence.


The Company maintains procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director of the Company. The details
of these procedures are available on the Company’s website.


To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed for each substantial separate issue at
general meetings, including the election of Directors. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll
pursuant to the Company’s articles of association and the Listing Rules, except where the chairman of the general meeting, in
good faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show
of hands, and poll results will be posted on the Company’s website and that of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

                                                              93
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Shareholders’ Rights
(a)   Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting
Article 74 of the Company’s articles of association provides general meetings shall be convened on the written requisition of
any one or more Shareholders (or any one Shareholder which is a recognized clearing house (or its nominee(s))) deposited at the
principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
for the attention of Company Secretary, specifying the objects of the meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s), provided such
requisitionist(s) held, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company on a one vote per share basis in the share capital of the
Company. The Shareholder(s) requisitioning a general meeting under this Article may add resolutions to the meeting agenda
of such general meeting.

If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to be
held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting
rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as in which meetings may be
convened by the Directors provided any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the
date of deposit of the requisition, and all expenses reasonably incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.

Note: Any such written requisition from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.


(b) Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Proposals at General Meeting
Within 10 days of the date on which a notice (the “Notice”) is deemed to be received by Shareholders in respect of any general
meeting of the Company (the “Relevant General Meeting”), one or more Shareholders holding at least one-tenth of the paid
up capital of the Company, which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company on a one vote per share basis
in the share capital of the Company may together, by written notice to the Company at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong
Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention of Company Secretary, propose a resolution to be proposed and considered at
the Relevant General Meeting in addition to the resolutions set out in the Notice. Such written notice shall be accompanied by a
statement in no more than 1,000 words explaining the matters referred to, and the reasons for, any such proposed resolution.
Following the receipt of such written notice and accompanying statement by the Company, the Company may, in the
Company’s absolute discretion (taking into account, without limitation, legal, regulatory and practical considerations relating
to the issue of any supplemental notice to all Shareholders in relation to the Relevant General Meeting), include the proposed
resolution in the business of (i) the Relevant General Meeting or (ii) in a general meeting of the Company that is subsequent to
the Relevant General Meeting.

The Company will circulate a revised Notice including any proposed resolution and the accompanying statement to all
Shareholders in accordance with the articles of association of the Company provided that if, in the Company’s sole opinion
(without having to give reasons therefor), the above process is being abused in any way whatsoever, the Company has absolute
discretion to not include such proposed resolution in the business of the Relevant General Meeting or a subsequent general
meeting of the Company.

Note: Any such written notice from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.


(c)   Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders are, at any time, welcome to raise questions and request information (to the extent it is publicly available and
appropriate to provide) from the Board and management by writing to the Company Secretary of the Company at The Venetian
Macao, Executive Offices — L2, Estrada da Baia de Nossa Senhora da Esperança, Taipa, Macao.

Notes:
(1)    Any such communication from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.
(2)    Information request can also be made via the Company’s website at https://investor.sandschina.com/shareholder-services/document-request.




                                                                       94
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Investor Relations
During the year 2023, a special resolution was passed at the Company’s annual general meeting held on May 19, 2023 to
amend its memorandum and articles of association. The purpose of the amendments was to modernize certain provisions and
to align them with current market practice and the Core Shareholder Protection Standards as set out in Appendix A1 to the
Listing Rules. The Company’s memorandum and articles of association are available on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange.


The Company maintains on-going communication with investors and analysts. Senior management of the Company participate
in the annual general meeting of the Company and the quarterly earnings call of LVS after the publication of the LVS quarterly
earnings. A designated Investor Relations contact is available for institutional investors and analysts to inquire of the Company
on any matter, details of whom are available on the website of the Company.


The Board reviewed its shareholders and investor engagement and communication activities conducted in 2023 and was
satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy.


Dividend Policy
It is the Company’s intention to provide Shareholders with consistent regular dividends depending on the Company’s earnings,
financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements, as well as economic and other conditions our Board may deem
relevant. Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our Shares is also subject to the requirements of the Cayman Islands law.
Moreover, we are a holding company, which is dependent upon the operations of our subsidiaries for cash. The laws where our
subsidiaries operate and the terms of our subsidiaries’ debt and other agreements may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to
make dividends or other distributions to us.


On May 11, 2023, the Company entered into the A&R Facility Agreement with respect to certain provisions of the 2018
SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders have (a) effective July 31, 2023, extended the termination date for the HK$
commitments and US$ commitments of the lenders that consented to the waivers and amendments in the A&R Facility
Agreement from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025; (b) extended to (and including) January 1, 2024, the waiver period for the
Company to comply with the requirements to ensure (i) the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and (ii) the
consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x; (c) amended the definition of consolidated total debt such that it
excludes any financial indebtedness that is subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the
A&R Facility Agreement (including the US$1.0 billion LVS Term Loan); (d) amended the maximum permitted consolidated
leverage ratio as of the last day of each of the financial quarters ending March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024,
December 31, 2024, and subsequent financial quarters to be 6.25x, 5.5x, 5.0x, 4.5x, and 4.0x, respectively; and (e) extended
to (and including) January 1, 2025 the period during which the Company’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment
or similar distribution is restricted if at such time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the A&R Facility Agreement) exceed
US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate amount of up to
US$1.0 billion and (y) the consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to such payment, the sum
of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such date and (ii) the aggregate amount of the
undrawn facility under the A&R Facility Agreement and unused commitments under other credit facilities of the Company is
greater than US$2.0 billion.


In deciding whether to propose a dividend, the Board shall consider, amongst other factors, any restrictions on payment of
dividends that have been, or may be, agreed between any Group company and contracting party.


Under the Concession, although not a restriction, we have to provide a five-day prior notification to the Macao government for
any major financial decisions exceeding 10% of the share capital of VML.

                                                               95
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.7 COMPLIANCE DISCLOSURES AND OTHER MATTERS
The Listing Rules require certain corporate governance disclosures to be made. This section of the report details certain
disclosures that have not been covered above.


Disclosure of Directors’ Information pursuant to the Listing Rule 13.51B(1)
Directors’ Positions Held
On January 24, 2024:
•    Mr. Goldstein was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director;
•    Dr. Wong was appointed as Executive Vice Chairman; and
•    Mr. Chum was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President.

Other Major Positions Held
•     Dr. Wong was appointed as the honorable president of the Macau Research Association for Macau Gaming Law and a
      member of the Board of Governors of City University of Hong Kong Foundation with effect from October 28, 2023 and
      December 15, 2023, respectively.
•     Ms. Chiang Yun was appointed as a non-executive director of Jebsen & Co. Ltd. with effect from January 1, 2024.


Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has developed the Company Code for securities transactions by the Directors and relevant employees who are
likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on terms no less exacting than the Model Code.
Following specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors have confirmed they have complied with the Company Code and,
therefore, with the Model Code throughout the year 2023 and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


Quarterly Reporting
LVS, as a U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reporting company, is required to file quarterly financial reports with the SEC.
When LVS releases its press release relating to quarterly financial information (which contains financial information about the
Group) in the U.S., the Company simultaneously makes an announcement pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Listing Rules
extracting key highlights of the press release pertaining to the Group. The financial information relating to the Group contained
in such press release is presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and there is no reconciliation of such information with IFRS.
When LVS files its quarterly financial report (which contains financial information about the Group), the Company makes an
announcement pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Listing Rules providing a hyper-link to such report, which contains financial
information relating to the Group presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.




                                                              96
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Remuneration of Directors
The remuneration of Directors is determined by the Board with reference to their duties and responsibilities with the Company
and the Company’s remuneration policy, which is subject to review by the Remuneration Committee from time to time. The
Remuneration Committee shall periodically undertake a review of Directors’ remuneration relative to the Company’s peers.


Remuneration of Senior Management
The remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                                 members
                                                                                                                 of senior
                                                                                                              management


      HK$28,000,001 (approximately US$3,583,000)–HK$32,000,000 (approximately US$4,095,000)                                 1
      HK$36,000,001 (approximately US$4,607,000)–HK$40,000,000 (approximately US$5,119,000)                                 1
      HK$60,000,001 (approximately US$7,679,000)–HK$64,000,000 (approximately US$8,190,000)                                 1
      HK$64,000,001 (approximately US$8,190,000)–HK$68,000,000 (approximately US$8,702,000)                                 1


                                                                                                                            4


External Auditor and Auditor’s Remuneration
The statement of the external auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” in section 4.1 of this Annual Report. During the year ended December 31, 2023,
the remuneration paid and payable to the Company’s external auditor is set out below:

                                                                                                                   Amount
                                                                                                                    of Fees
                                                                                                               Payable/Paid
      Type of services                                                                                            (US$’000)


      Audit services                                                                                                   1,897
      Non-audit services(i)                                                                                              123


                                                                                                                       2,020


Note:
(i)       Non-audit services include fees for tax compliance services and accounting training programs.




                                                                            97
                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.8 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors present their report together with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2023.


Principal Activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the principal activities of our subsidiaries are the development
and operation of integrated resorts in Macao, which contain not only gaming and hotel areas, but also meeting space,
convention and exhibition halls, retail and dining areas and entertainment venues.


Consolidated Financial Statements
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in section 4.2 of this
Annual Report.


Business Review
The business review of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set out in section 2 of this Annual Report.


Dividends
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2023.


Share Capital
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Shares
Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed shares of the Company during
the year ended December 31, 2023.


Distributable Reserves of the Company
The Company’s reserves available for distribution to Shareholders as at December 31, 2023 amounted to approximately US$1.0
billion (2022: US$1.18 billion).


Borrowings
The total borrowings of the Group as at December 31, 2023 amounted to US$8.33 billion (2022: US$10.22 billion). Particulars
of borrowings are set out in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Finance Costs Capitalized
Finance costs amounting to US$2 million (2022: US$2 million) were capitalized by the Group during the year as set out in Note
7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Donations and Contributions
Donations and contributions by the Group for charitable and other purposes amounted to US$2 million (2022: US$2 million).


Financial Summary
A summary of the results for the year and of the assets and liabilities of the Group as at December 31, 2023 and for the
previous four financial years are set out in section 4.4 of this Annual Report.




                                                              98
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


                            3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and as at the Latest Practicable Date are:

  Executive Directors                              Title                                             Note


  Wong Ying Wai                                    Executive Vice Chairman                           Appointed January 22, 2016
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                            Chief Executive Officer and President             Appointed January 7, 2021


  Non-Executive Directors


  Robert Glen Goldstein(1)                         Chairman of the Board                             Re-designated January 24, 2024
  Charles Daniel Forman                                                                              Elected May 30, 2014


  Independent Non-Executive Directors


  Chiang Yun                                                                                         Appointed October 14, 2009
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                         Appointed December 7, 2012
  Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                                            Elected May 31, 2013
  Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                              Appointed July 15, 2016


Note:
(1)     Mr. Goldstein was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director on January 24, 2024. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
        January 24, 2024 for details.


The Board has established five committees, being the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee. The table below details the membership and composition of each
of the five committees as at the Latest Practicable Date.

                                                Audit       Remuneration            Nomination               Capex                 ESG
  Name of Director                          Committee         Committee              Committee            Committee           Committee


  Wong Ying Wai                                     —              Member                    —               Member               Member
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                             —                   —                    —              Chairman                    —
  Robert Glen Goldstein                             —                   —              Chairman                   —                     —
  Charles Daniel Forman                             —                   —                    —                    —                     —
  Chiang Yun                                   Member                   —               Member                    —              Chairlady
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                  Chairman             Member               Member               Member                     —
  Steven Zygmunt Strasser                      Member             Chairman                   —                    —                     —
  Kenneth Patrick Chung                        Member                   —                    —                    —               Member




                                                                      99
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Director Independence
The Company has received written annual confirmation from all Independent Non-Executive Directors of their independence.
The Company considers all Independent Non-Executive Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence
guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules. Directors are required to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in any
proposals or transactions to be considered by the Board at Board meetings and withdraw if appropriate.


Directors’ Service Contracts
Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors is appointed for a term of three years. Each of the Non-Executive Directors
is appointed for no specific term. The appointment of Non-Executive and Independent Non-Executive Directors may be
terminated by either the Company or the Director on not less than one month’s written notice. The Directors shall retire by
rotation at least once every three years and be eligible for re-election in accordance with the articles of association of the
Company.


None of the Directors offering themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract
with the Company, which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than
statutory compensation).


No emoluments were paid to any Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
office during the year (2022: nil).


During the year 2023, the Board approved the renewal of the below appointment letters with no specific term of appointment:
•    Mr. Charles Daniel Forman as Non-Executive Director on April 14, 2023; and
•    Mr. Goldstein and Mr. Chum as Executive Directors on October 13, 2023.


On January 19, 2024, the Board approved the appointment letter of Mr. Goldstein to reflect his re-designation as Non-
Executive Director with no specific term of appointment with effect from January 24, 2024.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, details of remuneration of the Directors and senior management are set out in Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements and section 3.7 of this Annual Report respectively.


Directors’ Interests
Directors are required to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in any proposals or transactions to be considered by the
Board and withdraw from that part of the Board meetings, if appropriate.


With the exception of the continuing connected transactions disclosed herein, no transaction, arrangement or contract in
relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director
(or any person who at any time in the financial year ended December 31, 2023 was a Director or any entity connected with a
Director or such person) had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end of the financial
year ended December 31, 2023.


Management Contracts
No contracts, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year 2023.




                                                                100
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Permitted Indemnity
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, every Director shall be indemnified and held harmless out of the assets of
the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred. The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’
liabilities in respect of legal actions against the Directors and officers arising out of corporate activities.


Interests of Directors and Chief Executives
The interests of each of the Directors and Chief Executives in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company
and any of the Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as at December 31, 2023, as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of Part XV of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set out in the table and explanatory notes below:

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                                                  shareholding
  Name of Director                      Company           Nature of interest                  Number of Shares                         interest


  Wong Ying Wai                         Company           Beneficial owner                            5,913,348(L)(1)                      0.07%
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                 Company           Beneficial owner                            3,270,964(L)(2)                      0.04%


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                        Associated                                                                                shareholding
  Name of Director                      corporation       Nature of interest               Number of securities                        interest


  Robert Glen Goldstein                 LVS               Beneficial owner                            6,969,451(L)(3)                      0.93%
                                                          Trustee                                       236,057(L)(4)                      0.03%
  Charles Daniel Forman                 LVS               Beneficial owner                              208,845(L)(5)                      0.03%
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                 LVS               Beneficial owner                              300,000(L)(6)                      0.04%


The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in such shares/securities.


Notes:
(1)      This amount includes (a) 4,000,000 options to purchase 4,000,000 Shares, all of which are vested and exercisable, and (b) 1,913,348 unvested
         restricted share units of the Company.
(2)      This amount includes (a) 1,238,500 options to purchase 1,238,500 Shares, all of which are vested and exercisable, and (b) 2,032,464 unvested
         restricted share units of the Company.
(3)      This amount includes (a) 6,750,000 options to purchase 6,750,000 shares in LVS’ common stock, of which 5,082,000 are vested and exercisable,
         and (b) 219,451 unvested restricted stock units of LVS.
(4)      This amount represents 236,057 shares of LVS’ common stock held by The Robert and Sheryl Goldstein Trust, of which Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein
         is a trustee and one of the beneficiaries.
(5)      This amount includes (a) 205,984 shares of LVS’ common stock, and (b) 2,861 unvested shares of LVS’ restricted stock.
(6)      This amount represents 300,000 options to purchase 300,000 shares in LVS’ common stock, none of which are vested and exercisable.




                                                                          101
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                            3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




None of the Directors or the Chief Executives had short positions in respect of shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as at December 31, 2023.


Save as disclosed above, so far as was known to the Directors, as at December 31, 2023, none of the Directors or the Chief
Executives had, pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, nor were they taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO, any interest or short position in any shares or underlying shares or interest in debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange, or any interests that were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered into
the register referred to therein, or any interests that were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange.


As at December 31, 2023, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors nor the Chief Executives (including their spouses and
children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for shares (or
warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO).


Interests of Substantial Shareholders
The interests of substantial Shareholders in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023, as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO or as the Company is aware or had been
notified of, are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                                       percentage
                                                                                                                                         of issued
  Name of substantial Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of interest                       Number of Shares                  share capital


  Irwin Chafetz                                   Interest of a controlled corporation                 5,754,415,132(L)                       71.10%
  Las Vegas Sands Corp.                           Interest of a controlled corporation                 5,754,415,132(L)                       71.10%
  LVS (Nevada) International                      Interest of a controlled corporation                 5,754,415,132(L)                       71.10%
     Holdings, Inc.
  Venetian Venture Development                    Beneficial owner                                     5,657,814,885(L)                       69.91%
     Intermediate II                              Other(1)                                                96,600,247(L) (1)                    1.19%(1)


The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in such shares.


Note:
(1)     On December 5, 2023, VVDI (II) entered into a share purchase transaction to purchase Shares for an amount up to HK$1,951,325,000 (the actual
        amount cannot be determined until the settlement of the transaction). For illustration, these are estimations based on the closing price of Shares
        as at December 5, 2023.




                                                                          102
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As at December 31, 2023, VVDI (II) was a substantial Shareholder which held 5,657,814,885 Shares (representing
approximately 69.91% of the total issued share capital of the Company). In addition, as disclosed in the Company’s
announcement dated December 5, 2023, VVDI (II) entered into a share purchase transaction with a financial institution on
December 5, 2023, pursuant to which VVDI (II) will pay up to HK$1,951,325,000 (“Funding Amount”) for the purposes of
purchasing Shares. For illustration purpose, based on the closing price of HK$20.20 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange
on December 5, 2023, the Funding Amount equals to the total price of approximately 96,600,247 Shares, representing
approximately 1.19% of the total issued Shares. VVDI (II) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of LVS Nevada, which was in turn
wholly-owned by LVS. Mr. Irwin Chafetz (“Mr. Chafetz”) had voting control in certain shares of common stock of LVS resulting
in him having one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of LVS. Other than 91,966 shares (0.01%) of LVS’
common stock owned directly by Mr. Chafetz, all other shares of LVS’ common stock were held by Mr. Chafetz as a (co-)trustee
of trusts and co-manager of a limited liability company, in each case for the benefit of members of the Adelson family.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had not been notified of any short positions being held by any substantial Shareholder
in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company.


Interests of Any Other Persons
Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, the Company had not been notified of any persons who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company, as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section
336 of Part XV of the SFO.


Senior Management
The biographical details of the senior management as at the Latest Practicable Date are set out in section 1.3 of this Annual
Report.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the aggregate amount of turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
represented less than 30% of the Group’s total turnover; and the aggregate amount of purchases (not including the purchases
of items that are of a capital nature) attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers represented less than 30% of the Group’s
purchases.


Non-Competition Deed with LVS
We entered into a Non-Competition Deed with LVS on November 8, 2009 so as to maintain a clear delineation of the respective
businesses of each party with effect from the Listing Date. Please see our Prospectus for additional information on the Non-
Competition Deed. Since the Listing Date, there have been no business opportunities offered by LVS to us and LVS and its
associates have not carried out, nor proposed to carry out, any business activity, whether directly or indirectly, which competes
or may lead to competition with us. LVS has provided its written declaration in respect of LVS and its subsidiaries’ (other than
that which form part of our Group) compliance with the undertakings under the Non-Competition Deed during the year ended
December 31, 2023. Our Independent Non-Executive Directors consider that LVS has complied with the terms set out in the
Non-Competition Deed during the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                              103
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Continuing Connected Transactions — Shared Services Agreements
The Company and LVS entered into shared services agreements in respect of the provision of certain products and services by
the LVS Group to our Group or by our Group to the LVS Group. Details of the shared services agreements are disclosed below.
LVS is a Controlling Shareholder of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.


2021 Shared Services Agreement
On December 10, 2020, the Company and LVS entered into an agreement to renew the terms of the Shared Services
Agreement on amended terms for a period of three years which commenced on January 1, 2021 and ended on December 31,
2023 (the “2021 Shared Services Agreement”). On November 22, 2023, the Company and LVS entered into an amendment
agreement (the “2023 Amendment Agreement”) which amended the annual cap set for the Transportation and Related
Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the LVS Group to our Group (as set out in the 2021 Shared Services
Agreement) for the year ended December 31, 2023 from US$8.8 million to US$10.8 million. The 2023 Amendment Agreement
also broadened the scope of the Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the LVS
Group to our Group.

The following are continuing connected transactions contemplated by the 2021 Shared Services Agreement (as amended by
the 2023 Amendment Agreement):

I.    Continuing Connected Transactions Fully Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval, Annual Review and All
      Disclosure Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(1) or 14A.98
      1.    Reciprocal global procurement consultancy services;
      2.    Transportation and related logistic services provided by our Group to the LVS Group;
      3.    Reciprocal design, development and construction consultancy services;
      4.    Reciprocal administrative and logistics services; and
      5.    Joint international marketing services provided by our Group to the LVS Group.

II.   Continuing Connected Transactions Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval Requirement but subject to
      Reporting, Announcement and Annual Review Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(2)
      The following transactions between our Group and the LVS Group are on-going and are exempt from Shareholders’
      approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2) of the Listing Rules but are subject to the reporting, announcement and
      annual review requirements.

      Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services provided by the LVS Group to our
      Group
      Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the LVS Group agreed to provide to our Group Joint International Marketing
      and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services.

      Pursuant to the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the annual caps set for the Joint International Marketing and Retail
      Leasing, Management and Marketing Services to be provided by the LVS Group to our Group for each of the three years
      ended December 31, 2023 are US$10.2 million, US$11.2 million and US$12.2 million, respectively.

      The annual caps for the Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services for each
      of the three years ended December 31, 2023 were determined by reference to, among others, (a) the historical figures
      related to such services, (b) the necessary amount to be paid to properly and adequately compensate for the services of
      the marketing executives, (c) sufficient additional fee capacity to address the expected growth of our Group’s business in
      those three years, and (d) the extent and volume of the services our Group expects the LVS Group to provide during such
      periods.


                                                             104
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                  3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As, based on the annual caps, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Joint International
Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services are more than 0.1% but each of them is less than
5%, the Company is required to comply with the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but is
exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing
connected transactions.

Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, our Group also agreed to provide to the LVS Group joint international
marketing and retail leasing, management and marketing services. The fees to be paid by the LVS Group to our Group
will be calculated on a cost basis. As the relevant percentage ratios in relation to these services are less than 0.1%,
the Company is fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule
14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the LVS Group to our Group
Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the LVS Group agreed to provide to our Group Transportation and Related
Research, Logistics and Technical Services.

Pursuant to the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the annual caps set for the Transportation and Related Research,
Logistics and Technical Services to be provided by the LVS Group to our Group for each of the three years ended
December 31, 2023 was US$8.8 million. As the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Transportation and Related
Research, Logistics and Technical Services were less than 0.1%, the Company was fully exempt from Shareholders’
approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules in respect of the
Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services at the time the 2021 Shared Services Agreement
was entered into.

Due to the increased business volume following the elimination of travel restrictions in late December 2022 and early
January 2023, on November 22, 2023, the Company and LVS entered into the 2023 Amendment Agreement which
amended the annual cap set for the Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the
LVS Group to our Group (as set out in the 2021 Shared Services Agreement) for the year ended December 31, 2023 from
US$8.8 million to US$10.8 million. The 2023 Amendment Agreement also broadened the scope of the Transportation
and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the LVS Group to our Group to include all forms of
transportation owned by or available to the LVS Group.

The revised annual cap for the Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services provided by the
LVS Group to our Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 was determined by reference to, among others, (a) the
historical figures related to such services, in particular in the six months ended June 30, 2023, which reflect our Group’s
increased business volume following the elimination of travel restrictions in late December 2022 and early January 2023,
(b) the sufficient additional fee capacity to address the expected increase in the cost relating to such services until the end
of the year ended December 31, 2023, and (c) the extent and volume of the services our Group expects the LVS Group
to provide until the end of the year ended December 31, 2023.

As, based on the new annual cap, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Transportation and
Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services are more than 0.1% but each of them is less than 5%, the Company
is required to comply with the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but is exempt from the
Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected
transactions.

Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, our Group also agreed to provide to the LVS Group transportation and
related research, logistics and technical services. The fees to be paid by the LVS Group to our Group will be calculated on a
cost basis. As the relevant percentage ratios in relation to these services are less than 0.1%, the Company is fully exempt
from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.



                                                          105
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




2024 Shared Services Agreement
On December 27, 2023, the Company and LVS entered into a new shared services agreement, the effect of which is to
enter into the arrangements similar to those contained in the 2021 Shared Services Agreement for a term of one year which
commenced on January 1, 2024 and will end on December 31, 2024 (the “2024 Shared Services Agreement”).


The following are continuing connected transactions contemplated by the 2024 Shared Services Agreement:


I.    Continuing Connected Transactions Fully Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval, Annual Review and All
      Disclosure Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(1) or 14A.98
      1.    Procurement services provided by the LVS Group to our Group;
      2.    Transportation and related services provided by our Group to the LVS Group;
      3.    Reciprocal design, development, construction, and pre-opening services; and
      4.    Reciprocal administrative and logistics services.


II.   Continuing Connected Transactions Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval Requirement but subject to
      Reporting, Announcement and Annual Review Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(2)
      The following transactions between our Group and the LVS Group are on-going and are exempt from Shareholders’
      approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2) of the Listing Rules but are subject to the reporting, announcement and
      annual review requirements.


      Reciprocal Marketing Services
      Under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, the LVS Group and our Group agreed to provide to each other (1) marketing
      targeting casino patrons and loyalty card members of the LVS Group who may also wish to patronize our Group’s
      integrated resorts in addition to those of the LVS Group and vice versa, and (2) services related to the marketing, public
      relations, sales, leasing, and management of the integrated resorts and properties owned or operated by our Group and
      vice versa (the “Marketing Services”).


      Pursuant to the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, the annual cap set for the Marketing Services to be provided by (i) the
      LVS Group to our Group for the year ending December 31, 2024 is US$12.9 million; and (ii) our Group to the LVS Group
      for the year ending December 31, 2024 is US$5.3 million.


      The annual caps for the Marketing Services provided by (i) the LVS Group to our Group and (ii) our Group to the LVS
      Group for the year ending December 31, 2024 were determined by reference to, among others, (a) the historical figures
      related to the similar Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services (as set out in
      the 2021 Shared Services Agreement), (b) the necessary amount to be paid to properly and adequately compensate for
      the services of the marketing executives, (c) the sufficient additional fee capacity to address the expected growth of our
      Group’s business or the LVS Group’s business in 2024 (as the case may be), and (d) the extent and volume of the services
      our Group expects the LVS Group, and vice versa, to provide during such period.


      As, based on the annual caps, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Marketing Services provided
      by (i) the LVS Group to our Group and (ii) our Group to the LVS Group are more than 0.1% but each of them is less
      than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but is
      exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing
      connected transactions.




                                                             106
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                 3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Transportation and Related Services
Under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, the LVS Group agreed to provide to our Group transportation and all related
services in connection with the use of all forms of transportation (including but not limited to automobiles, vessels, trains,
and aircraft) owned by or available to the LVS Group (the “Transportation and Related Services”).

Pursuant to the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, the annual cap set for the Transportation and Related Services to be
provided by the LVS Group to our Group for the year ending December 31, 2024 is US$15.8 million.

The annual cap for the Transportation and Related Services provided by the LVS Group to our Group for the year ending
December 31, 2024 was determined by reference to, among others, (a) the historical figures related to the similar
Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and Technical Services (as set out in the 2021 Shared Services Agreement,
as amended by the 2023 Amendment Agreement), (b) the sufficient additional fee capacity to address the expected
growth of our Group’s business in 2024, and (c) the extent and volume of the services our Group expects the LVS Group
to provide during such period.

As, based on the annual cap, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Transportation and Related
Services are more than 0.1% but each of them is less than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the reporting,
announcement and annual review requirements but is exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected transactions.

Under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, our Group also agreed to provide to the LVS Group transportation and
related services. The fees to be paid by the LVS Group to our Group will be calculated on a cost basis. As the relevant
percentage ratios in relation to these services are less than 0.1%, the Company is fully exempt from Shareholders’
approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

Procurement Services
Under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, our Group agreed to provide to the LVS Group procurement services in
relation to the procurement of materials, equipment, and supplies for the integrated resorts and properties owned or
operated by the LVS Group (the “Procurement Services”).

Pursuant to the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, the annual cap set for the Procurement Services to be provided by our
Group to the LVS Group for the year ending December 31, 2024 is US$2.0 million.

The annual cap for the Procurement Services provided by our Group to the LVS Group for the year ending December
31, 2024 was determined by reference to, among others, (a) the historical figures related to the similar procurement
consultancy services under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, (b) the sufficient additional fee capacity to address
the expected growth of the LVS Group’s business in 2024, and (c) the extent and volume of the services the LVS Group
expects our Group to provide during such period.

As, based on the annual cap, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Procurement Services
are more than 0.1% but each of them is less than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the reporting,
announcement and annual review requirements but is exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected transactions.

Under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, LVS Group also agreed to provide to our Group procurement services. The
fees to be paid by our Group to the LVS Group will be calculated on a cost basis. As the relevant percentage ratios in
relation to these services are less than 0.1%, the Company is fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review
and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.


                                                         107
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Continuing Connected Transactions — International Trademark License Agreement
On December 2, 2022, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 (each a “Licensee” and collectively “Licensees”, all being subsidiaries of the
Company) entered into an agreement with LVS to renew the arrangements contained in the Second Trademark Sub-License
Agreement to ensure that our Group continues to have access to the licensed marks referred therein (the “International
Trademark License Agreement”). The International Trademark License Agreement has a term of three years which commenced
on January 1, 2023 and will end on December 31, 2025. LVS is a Controlling Shareholder of the Company and hence a
connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the International Trademark License Agreement, LVS granted to members of our Group a license to use the licensed
marks referred therein (a) in mainland China, Macao, Hong Kong and Taiwan (the “Territory”) for the design, development,
construction, ownership, management and/or operation of casinos or gaming areas (including those casinos or gaming areas
which form part of a hotel or an integrated resort) and other like facilities in which customers are able to gamble by playing
games of fortune or chance or other similar games in the Territory and (b) in the rest of the world, for the marketing, advertising
and promotion of our business in the Territory.


In consideration for LVS granting our Group the license to use the licensed marks, each Licensee shall pay LVS an annual
royalty at the rate of 1.5% of its gross non-gaming and gaming revenue. Gross revenue shall be calculated according to U.S.
GAAP in effect as of January 1, 2023; provided, however, that: (1) gross revenue from gaming operations shall be calculated
as net revenue adjusted by adding back casino-related discounts and commissions and loyalty program adjustments, adding
complimentary goods and services provided to patrons and excluding any intragroup revenue, and (2) gross revenue from non-
gaming operations shall be calculated as net revenues excluding any intragroup revenue. All royalties shall be calculated on a
monthly basis and paid on or before the 30th of the following month.


The annual cap for the transactions under the International Trademark License Agreement for each of the three years ending
December 31, 2025 are US$114.0 million, US$125.0 million and US$138.0 million, respectively.


The annual caps for the International Trademark License Agreement for each of the three years ending December 31, 2025
were determined by the Board after due and careful consideration by reference to, among others, (a) the historical license fees
paid by our Group to LVS LLC for the four years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, and the nine months ended
September 30, 2022 under the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement; (b) the anticipated potential revenues of our Group
once COVID-19 travel restrictions are lifted (taking into account the rebound in integrated resort tourism and revenues in both
Singapore and Las Vegas once COVID-19 travel restrictions were lifted); and (c) our Group’s expected future developments in
Macao.


As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the transactions contemplated under the International
Trademark License Agreement is more than 0.1% but all are less than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the
reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but is exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected transactions.




                                                               108
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The parties are permitted to terminate the International Trademark License Agreement prior to the expiration of the term if:
(a) LVS has materially breached or is breaching any of the provisions of the International Trademark License Agreement or
the Licensee has materially breached or is materially breaching any of the provisions of the International Trademark License
Agreement, or if that Licensee contravenes any law of the jurisdictions in the Territory and such action materially tarnishes or
brings the reputation of the licensed marks or licensed intellectual property into disrepute; or (b) the parties mutually agree to
terminate. LVS is also entitled, upon the compulsion of any law of any of the jurisdictions within the Territory, to terminate the
grant of a license.


Subject to certain limitations set out therein, the International Trademark License Agreement permits each Licensee to
sublicense some or all of the rights granted in respect of the licensed marks and the licensed intellectual property to the
Company and any subsidiary of the Company, and/or any other entity approved in writing in advance by LVS.


Summary of Continuing Connected Transactions
The aggregate amount paid by our Group to the LVS Group and/or by the LVS Group to our Group during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2023 along with the annual caps for the financial year ended December 31, 2023 are set out below:

                                                                                   Aggregate                 Aggregate
                                                                             amount paid for           amount paid for             Annual Cap for
                                                                              the year ended            the year ended             the year ended
                                                                           December 31, 2022         December 31, 2023          December 31, 2023
                                                                            (US$ in million)          (US$ in million)           (US$ in million)

  Reciprocal Global Procurement Consultancy Services(1)                                      N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Reciprocal Design, Development and
    Construction Consultancy Services(1)                                                     N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Reciprocal Administrative and Logistics Services(2)                                        N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing,
     Management and Marketing Services(3)                                                    2.6                       8.7                       12.2
  The Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement                                                22.5                       N/A                        N/A
  International Trademark License Agreement                                                  N/A                     100.1                      114.0
  Transportation and Related Research, Logistics and
     Technical Services(3)                                                                   1.4                        8.6                      10.8


Notes:
(1)      Per Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, these continuing connected transactions are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and
         all disclosure requirements.
(2)      Per Rule 14A.98 of the Listing Rules, these continuing connected transactions are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and
         all disclosure requirements.
(3)      These amounts represent amounts paid for the services provided by the LVS Group to our Group. The services provided by our Group to the LVS
         Group are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          109
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Payments by Our Group That Do Not Constitute Continuing Connected Transactions
The 2021 Shared Services Agreement and the 2024 Shared Services Agreement also document certain historical arrangements
in which our Group and the LVS Group have coordinated efforts to obtain insurance coverage and information technology
products and services from third-party service providers. Such arrangements permit our Group together with the LVS Group to
leverage our combined negotiating power for such services or coverage.


With respect to insurance coverage, LVS has executed various insurance policies that provide global coverage for its subsidiaries
(including coverage for certain members of our Group). We bear that portion of the premiums charged for such insurance
coverage that is proportionate to our share of the insurance coverage. In the event of losses suffered by any members of our
Group, the indemnification from the insurers under such policies for such losses will be paid to us.


With respect to information technology products and services, LVS has entered into various enterprise level agreements in order
to meet the combined requirements of its subsidiaries (including the requirements of members of our Group). We bear that
portion of the cost for such information technology products and services that is proportionate to our share of the use of such
information technology products and services.


The above arrangements are not considered continuing connected transactions between our Group and the LVS Group as the
LVS Group is not providing our Group with any services or products and vice versa.


Auditor’s Letter
In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, our Board engaged the auditor of our Company to report on our Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice
Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing their findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by our Group above in accordance with Rule 14A.56
of the Listing Rules.


Directors’ Review
The Directors, including the Independent Non-Executive Directors, have reviewed the continuing connected transactions for
the year ended December 31, 2023 and are of the opinion they were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business
of the Company on normal commercial terms and according to the agreements governing them on terms that are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of the Company’s Shareholders as a whole.


Related Party Transactions in the Normal Course of Business
Details of the significant related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are provided under Note 25
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. With the exception of the connected transactions disclosed herein, none of those
related party transactions constitute a disclosable connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules. The Company has
complied with the disclosure requirements set out in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules relating to related party transactions.




                                                              110
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Equity Award Plan
The Company maintained the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan (collectively the “Equity Award
Plans”) for the purpose of attracting able persons to enter and remain in the employ of our Group. They also provide a means
whereby employees, directors and consultants of our Group can acquire and maintain Share ownership, or be paid incentive
compensation measured by reference to the value of Shares, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of our
Group and promoting an identity of interest between Shareholders and these persons.


Persons who are eligible to participate in the Equity Award Plans (the “Eligible Persons”) are limited to those who have entered
into an award agreement with us or who have received written notification from the Remuneration Committee (or a person
designated by the Remuneration Committee) that they have been selected to participate in the Equity Award Plans. Eligible
Persons include:
(i)   any individual regularly employed by our Company or any of our subsidiaries, provided, however, no such employee
      covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to the extent such eligibility is set forth
      in such collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument related thereto;
(ii)  a director of our Company or any of our subsidiaries; or
(iii) a consultant or advisor to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.


2009 Equity Award Plan
The Company adopted the 2009 Equity Award Plan on November 8, 2009 (amended on February 19, 2016), which expired on
November 30, 2019, being the tenth anniversary of November 30, 2009. On and after November 30, 2019, no awards may be
granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan. However, all existing awards granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan which are
unexercised or unvested will remain valid and (where applicable) exercisable in accordance with their respective terms of grant
despite the expiry of the 2009 Equity Award Plan.


2019 Equity Award Plan
The 2019 Equity Award Plan was approved by the Shareholders at the Company’s annual general meeting held on May 24,
2019, and took effect on December 1, 2019. There is no material difference between the terms of the 2009 Equity Award
Plan and the terms of the 2019 Equity Award Plan. Unless otherwise terminated, the 2019 Equity Award Plan will be valid and
effective for a period of ten years from December 1, 2019. The 2019 Equity Award Plan is subject to the administration of the
Remuneration Committee.


The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all share-based awards (including options) under which
new Shares will be issued to be granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan and similar share-based awards under any
other award plans of the Company (under which new Shares will be issued pursuant to any grant) must not in aggregate
exceed 808,619,139 Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at May 24, 2019, being the date of
Shareholders’ approval of the 2019 Equity Award Plan, excluding for this purpose options (or any other share-based awards)
that have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Equity Award Plan (or any other plans of our Company) (the
“Scheme Mandate Limit”). As at January 1, 2023, December 31, 2023 and the Latest Practicable Date, the number of Shares
that may be issued in respect of options and awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit was 805,319,139
Shares, which represented approximately 10% of the issued share capital of the Company on the respective dates.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options and other share-based
awards granted and yet to be exercised under the 2019 Equity Award Plan and similar share-based awards under any other
award plans of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.




                                                                111
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The total number of Shares issued and which may be issued upon exercise of options or other share-based awards granted and
to be granted (including both exercised, cancelled, outstanding options, Shares and other share-based awards which have been
granted and accepted) to each Eligible Person, when aggregated with any similar share-based awards under any other plans of
the Company granted to that Eligible Person, in any 12-month period prior to (and including) the date of grant shall not exceed
1% of the Shares in issue on the date of grant.


No share-based awards (including options) were granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan during the year ended December
31, 2023.


Share Options
As at December 31, 2023, 140,932,591 options to purchase Shares had been granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan of
which 45,514,482 options had been exercised and 54,392,759 options had lapsed. As at December 31, 2023, 3,300,000
options to purchase Shares had been granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan, of which no options had been exercised or
lapsed. No consideration was payable by the Eligible Persons upon acceptance of these options. No other share-based awards
had been granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan during the year ended December 31, 2023.


Options will vest and become exercisable on such date(s) as may be determined by the Remuneration Committee and will expire
after such period (not to exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such option) as may be determined by the Remuneration
Committee.


The minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised will be specified in the relevant option
agreement between our Company and the relevant Eligible Person. Grant of options are accepted by the relevant Eligible
Person within 28 days.


The exercise price per Share for each option shall be set by the Remuneration Committee at the time of grant but shall not be
less than the highest of:
(i)    the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant,
       which must be a business day;
(ii)   the average of the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the
       five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and
(iii) the nominal value of a Share.


The exercise of any option shall be subject to our Shareholders in general meeting approving any necessary increase in the
authorized share capital of our Company.




                                                               112
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Details of the grant of options and a summary of movements of the outstanding options during the year under the 2009 Equity
Award Plan were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                                        closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                           of Shares
                                                                             Closing price                                                                                              immediately
                                                                                of Shares                                                                                                 before the
                                                                             immediately                                              Number of options(4)                                  dates on
                                                                               before the                       outstanding                                             outstanding            which
                                                              Exercise price       date of                             as at   granted          lapsed       exercised         as at   options were
                                                    Options      per Share          grant                         January 1,     during         during          during December 31,        exercised
Participants                 Date granted          granted(1)
                                                                        HK$           HK$ Exercise period              2023    the year       the year        the year         2023              HK$

Employee participants:
 — Directors
   Wong Ying Wai             November 2, 2015      4,000,000(2)      28.59          28.15 November 2, 2016–       4,000,000         —               —              —       4,000,000              —
                                                                                          November 1, 2025
   Chum Kwan Lock, Grant     February 24, 2016       406,000         26.97          27.05 February 24, 2017–        101,500         —               —              —        101,500               —
                                                                                          February 23, 2026
                             February 24, 2017       406,000         32.15          32.25 February 24, 2018–        203,000         —               —              —        203,000               —
                                                                                          February 23, 2027
                             February 26, 2018       414,000         44.85          44.00 February 26, 2019–        414,000         —               —              —        414,000               —
                                                                                          February 25, 2028
                             February 25, 2019       520,000         39.25          39.00 February 25, 2020–        520,000         —               —              —        520,000               —
                                                                                          February 24, 2029
  — Employees of the Group   February 15, 2013     1,486,800         36.73          36.50 February 15, 2014–        380,250         —         380,250              —              —               —
                                                                                          February 14, 2023
                             May 16, 2013          1,241,900         40.26          40.45 May 16, 2014–             199,100         —         199,100              —              —               —
                                                                                          May 15, 2023
                             February 24, 2014     2,602,300         59.35          58.90 February 24, 2015–        637,100         —               —              —        637,100               —
                                                                                          February 23, 2024
                             March 18, 2014        3,025,200         62.94          62.25 March 18, 2015–         1,029,000         —               —              —       1,029,000              —
                                                                                          March 17, 2024
                             May 21, 2014          2,723,800         57.75          57.40 May 21, 2015–             651,100         —               —              —        651,100               —
                                                                                          May 20, 2024
                             June 18, 2014           857,100         53.64          53.10 June 18, 2015–            585,300         —               —              —        585,300               —
                                                                                          June 17, 2024
                             August 29, 2014       1,063,100         52.33          51.35 August 29, 2015–          450,500         —               —              —        450,500               —
                                                                                          August 28, 2024
                             September 26, 2014      195,000         43.27          41.30 September 26, 2015–       195,000         —               —              —        195,000               —
                                                                                          September 25, 2024
                             May 5, 2015             795,600         33.15          32.80 May 5, 2016–              165,000         —               —              —        165,000               —
                                                                                          May 4, 2025
                             February 24, 2016    14,022,800         26.97          27.05 February 24, 2017–      2,819,900         —           75,100        190,700      2,554,100           28.57
                                                                                          February 23, 2026
                             March 23, 2016        2,520,400         31.00          30.35 March 23, 2017–           609,500         —           34,000             —        575,500               —
                                                                                          March 22, 2026
                             May 20, 2016            317,600         27.55          27.25 May 20, 2017–              85,400         —               —              —          85,400              —
                                                                                          May 19, 2026
                             September 13, 2016      433,600         34.03          34.45 September 13, 2017–       253,000         —         114,300              —        138,700               —
                                                                                          September 12, 2026
                             February 24, 2017    12,467,600         32.15          32.25 February 24, 2018–      4,714,350         —         488,600              —       4,225,750              —
                                                                                          February 23, 2027
                             March 23, 2017        2,626,400         35.25          35.05 March 23, 2018–         1,107,900         —           96,700             —       1,011,200              —
                                                                                          March 22, 2027
                             May 19, 2017            494,000         34.31          33.80 May 19, 2018–             139,400         —               —              —        139,400               —
                                                                                          May 18, 2027
                             September 13, 2017      889,600         37.90          37.20 September 13, 2018–       423,600         —         208,400              —        215,200               —
                                                                                          September 12, 2027




                                                                                               113
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                                        closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                           of Shares
                                                                             Closing price                                                                                              immediately
                                                                                of Shares                                                                                                 before the
                                                                             immediately                                              Number of options(4)                                  dates on
                                                                               before the                       outstanding                                             outstanding            which
                                                              Exercise price       date of                             as at   granted          lapsed       exercised         as at   options were
                                                    Options      per Share          grant                         January 1,     during         during          during December 31,        exercised
Participants                 Date granted          granted(1)           HK$           HK$ Exercise period              2023    the year       the year        the year         2023              HK$

  — Employees of the Group   February 26, 2018    12,575,200         44.85          44.00 February 26, 2019–      7,908,400         —         796,400              —       7,112,000              —
                                                                                          February 25, 2028
                             March 23, 2018        2,478,000         44.31          43.65 March 23, 2019–         1,416,000         —         108,400              —       1,307,600              —
                                                                                          March 22, 2028
                             May 21, 2018          1,035,200         47.95          47.10 May 21, 2019–             722,400         —               —              —        722,400               —
                                                                                          May 20, 2028
                             September 13, 2018    1,720,800         33.80          31.70 September 13, 2019–     1,167,000         —         267,200              —        899,800               —
                                                                                          September 12, 2028
                             February 25, 2019    12,386,400         39.25          39.00 February 25, 2020–      8,875,200         —         785,600              —       8,089,600              —
                                                                                          February 24, 2029
                             April 23, 2019        2,582,400         43.60          43.05 April 23, 2020–         1,872,000         —         106,800              —       1,765,200              —
                                                                                          April 22, 2029
                             May 20, 2019          1,705,600         39.93          38.85 May 20, 2020–           1,221,200         —               —              —       1,221,200              —
                                                                                          May 19, 2029
                             September 5, 2019     1,791,200         36.45          36.85 September 5, 2020–      1,424,800         —         224,000              —       1,200,800              —
                                                                                          September 4, 2029
  Service providers          March 18, 2014         213,600          62.94          62.25 March 18, 2015–           213,600         —               —              —        213,600               —
                                                                                          March 17, 2024
                             February 24, 2016       98,800          26.97          27.05 February 24, 2017–         66,400         —               —              —          66,400              —
                                                                                          February 23, 2026
                             March 23, 2016          45,200          31.00          30.35 March 23, 2017–            45,200         —               —              —          45,200              —
                                                                                          March 22, 2026
                             February 24, 2017       98,800          32.15          32.25 February 24, 2018–         98,800         —               —              —          98,800              —
                                                                                          February 23, 2027
                             March 23, 2017          45,200          35.25          35.05 March 23, 2018–            45,200         —               —              —          45,200              —
                                                                                          March 22, 2027
                             February 26, 2018      113,600          44.85          44.00 February 26, 2019–        113,600         —               —              —        113,600               —
                                                                                          February 25, 2028
                             March 23, 2018          48,000          44.31          43.65 March 23, 2019–            48,000         —               —              —          48,000              —
                                                                                          March 22, 2028
                             February 25, 2019      126,000          39.25          39.00 February 25, 2020–        126,000         —               —              —        126,000               —
                                                                                          February 24, 2029
                             April 23, 2019          53,200          43.60          43.05 April 23, 2020–            53,200         —               —              —          53,200              —
                                                                                          April 22, 2029




                                                                                                114
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Details of the grant of options and a summary of movements of the outstanding options during the year under the 2019 Equity
Award Plan were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                            average
                                                                                                                                                                                       closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                          of Shares
                                                                             Closing price                                                                                             immediately
                                                                                of Shares                                            Number of options(4)                                before the
                                                                             immediately                                                                                                   dates on
                                                                               before the                      outstanding                                             outstanding            which
                                                              Exercise price       date of                            as at   granted          lapsed       exercised         as at   options were
                                                    Options      per Share          grant                        January 1,     during         during          during December 31,        exercised
  Participants                   Date granted      granted(1)           HK$           HK$ Exercise period             2023    the year       the year        the year         2023              HK$


  Employee participants:
      — Employees of the Group   August 15, 2022   3,300,000(3)      17.80          17.80 December 31, 2026–     3,300,000         —               —              —       3,300,000              —
                                                                                          August 14, 2032


Notes:
(1)    Save as disclosed in note (2) and (3) below, the proportion of underlying shares in respect of which the above options will vest is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                         Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                                  underlying shares in
                                                                                                                                                                  respect of which the
                                                                                                                                                                    above options will
                                                                                                                                                                     vest is as follows:


             Before the first anniversary of the date of grant of the option (the “Offer Anniversary”)                                                                               None
             From the first Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the second Offer Anniversary                                                                      One-quarter
             From the second Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the third Offer Anniversary                                                                     Two-quarters
             From the third Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the fourth Offer Anniversary                                                                    Three-quarters
             From the fourth Offer Anniversary and thereafter                                                                                                                           All


(2)        Among the 4,000,000 options granted to Dr. Wong Ying Wai on November 2, 2015, 266,666 options vested on November 2, 2016, 533,334
           options vested on November 2, 2017, 800,000 options vested on November 2, 2018, 800,000 options vested on November 2, 2019 and
           1,600,000 options vested on September 30, 2020.

(3)        The 3,300,000 options granted to eligible employees on August 15, 2022 will vest on December 31, 2026.

(4)        No options were cancelled during the year.

When the options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
recognized in share-based compensation reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.

The Company estimates the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. No options were
granted during the year ended December 31, 2023.

Restricted Share Units
As at December 31, 2023, 31,554,000 cash-settled restricted share units (under which no new Shares will be issued) had been
granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan, of which 11,939,484 restricted share units had vested and 1,723,520 restricted
share units had lapsed. As at December 31, 2023, 1,412,400 cash-settled restricted share units granted under the 2009 Equity
Award Plan, of which 1,169,012 had vested and 243,388 had lapsed in previous years, resulted in no outstanding cash-settled
restricted share units under the 2009 Equity Award Plan.

Save as disclosed herein, no options, restricted share units or any other share-based awards were granted under the Equity
Award Plans or any equity award plan of the Group and no options, restricted share units or any other share-based awards were
cancelled during the year.



                                                                                               115
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Closures of Register of Members
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed on the following dates:

 Book Closure Period/Date                Purpose                                  Final Lodging Time/Date



 May 13, 2024 to May 17, 2024            To determine the identity of             no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time)
                                           Shareholders who are entitled to         on May 10, 2024
                                           attend and vote at the 2024
                                           annual general meeting to be held
                                           on May 17, 2024 (“AGM”)


During and including the book closure period/dates described in the table above, no transfer of Shares will be registered.

In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all duly completed and signed transfer documents accompanied by
the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for
registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the final lodging date mentioned in the table above.


Pre-emptive Rights
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association, or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.


Sufficiency of Public Float
Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors at the Latest Practicable
Date, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.


Corporate Governance
The Company’s corporate governance principles and practices are set out in the Corporate Governance Report in section 3 of
this Annual Report.


Auditor
The Consolidated Financial Statements for the year have been audited by Deloitte who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM.

On behalf of the Board




Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
Chief Executive Officer and President
Director

March 15, 2024




                                                             116
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SANDS CHINA LTD.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sands China Ltd. (the ”Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as ”the Group”) set out on pages 121 to 204, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at December
31, 2023, and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (”IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (”ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (the ”Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                              117
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Provision of Expected Credit Losses for Casino Receivables

As disclosed in note 16(a) to the consolidated financial                  Our procedures in relation to the audit of the provision of
statements, the Group had net amount of casino                            expected credit losses of casino receivables included:
receivables before provision for expected credit losses of
approximately US$203 million as at December 31, 2023.                     •    Obtaining an understanding and testing the
The Group maintained a provision for credit losses based on                    operating effectiveness of controls over the
the amount of expected credit losses on casino receivables                     granting of casino credit, collection processes
and regularly evaluated the balances.                                          and management’s review controls over the
                                                                               assessment of the collectability of casino receivables
As further disclosed in note 16(a) to the consolidated                         and appropriateness of the estimated allowance,
financial statements, the Group specifically analyzed the                      including the information used by management in
collectability of each casino receivable account with a                        those controls; and
significant balance based upon the aging of the account,
the customer’s estimated financial condition, collection                  •    Developing expectations of current year loss
history and any other known available information. The                         allowance based on the aging of the customer
Group also monitored regional and global economic                              balances, collection history of debtors and forward-
conditions and forecasts in its evaluation of the adequacy                     looking information and examining their subsequent
of the recorded provisions. For the remaining debtors which                    settlement, on a sample basis, to assess the
consist of a large number of small customers with common                       reasonableness of the amount of expected credit
risk characteristics, the Group applied expected loss rates                    losses made for casino receivables by the Group.
to past due account balances, and the expected loss rates
were estimated based on the historical observed default
rates over the expected life of the receivable balance and
forward-looking information.


Auditing the valuation of the casino receivables involved
evaluation of management’s judgment pertaining to the
collectability of casino receivables, especially as it relates to
the evaluation of the customers’ ability to repay amounts
owed.




                                                                    118
                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing
to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


                                                               119
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Stephen David Smart.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


March 15, 2024


                                                               120
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT



                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                      Notes         US$ in millions, except per share data
 Net revenues                                                           4                         6,534              1,605
 Gaming tax                                                                                      (2,411)              (515)
 Employee benefit expenses                                              5                        (1,148)            (1,032)
 Depreciation and amortization                                          4                          (809)              (750)
 Inventories consumed                                                                               (80)                (26)
 Other expenses, gains and losses                                       6                          (861)              (445)

 Operating profit/(loss)                                                                         1,225              (1,163)
 Interest income                                                                                    48                  19
 Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized                              7                         (532)               (444)

 Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                   741              (1,588)
 Income tax (expense)/benefit                                           8                          (49)                  6

 Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                                                                  692              (1,582)


 Earnings/(loss) per share
   — Basic                                                              9              US8.56 cents        (US19.55 cents)


   — Diluted                                                            9              US8.56 cents        (US19.55 cents)




The notes on pages 127 to 204 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            121
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


           4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                              US$ in millions
 Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                                                                692          (1,582)

 Other comprehensive (expense)/income
 Item that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Fair value adjustment on cash flow hedge                                                         (3)             (2)

 Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Currency translation differences                                                                  1              (9)


 Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year attributable
   to equity holders of the Company                                                              690          (1,593)




The notes on pages 127 to 204 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            122
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                          December 31,
                                                                          2023               2022
                                                               Notes      US$ in millions
ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Investment properties, net                                        11     566                598
  Property and equipment, net                                       12    7,339              7,904
  Intangible assets, net                                            14     476                 31
  Other assets, net                                                          36                13
  Other receivables and prepayments, net                            16       34                24
  Restricted bank deposit                                           17     124                125


Total non-current assets                                                  8,575              8,695


Current assets
  Inventories                                                                26                19
  Other asset                                                                —                  1
  Trade and other receivables and prepayments, net                  16     296                145
  Restricted cash and cash equivalents                              17       —                912
  Cash and cash equivalents                                         18    1,361               790


Total current assets                                                      1,683              1,867


Total assets                                                             10,258             10,562




                                                       123
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                             CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                      Notes                      US$ in millions
 EQUITY
 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders
   of the Company
   Share capital                                                        19                          81                 81
   Reserves                                                             20                         (85)              (781)


 Total deficit                                                                                        (4)            (700)

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                             21                         541                 91
   Borrowings                                                           22                       8,312              8,255
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                      15                          37                 45

 Total non-current liabilities                                                                   8,890              8,391

 Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                             21                       1,299                907
   Current income tax liabilities                                        8                          57                 —
   Borrowings                                                           22                          16              1,964

 Total current liabilities                                                                       1,372              2,871

 Total liabilities                                                                           10,262                11,262

 Total deficit and liabilities                                                               10,258                10,562


 Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                                 311              (1,004)


 Total assets less current liabilities                                                           8,886              7,691

Approved by the Board of Directors on March 15, 2024 and signed on behalf of the Board by




Wong Ying Wai                                                 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
Executive Vice Chairman                                       Chief Executive Officer and President
Director                                                      Director


The notes on pages 127 to 204 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            124
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                  4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                    Capital                 Statutory Share-based          Currency
                                       Share        reserve       Share       reserve compensation       translation     Hedge     Accumulated
                                      capital   (Note 20(a))   premium    (Note 20(b))        reserve        reserve    reserve         losses    Total
                                                                                       US$ in millions
 Balance at January 1, 2022               81             87       1,515            6               95            (2)        (4)           (890)      888
 Loss for the year                        —              —           —             —               —             —          —           (1,582)   (1,582)
 Fair value adjustment on cash
   flow hedge                             —              —           —             —               —             —           (2)            —         (2)
 Other comprehensive expense
   for the year                           —              —           —             —               —              (9)       —               —         (9)

 Total comprehensive expense              —              —           —             —               —             (9)        (2)         (1,582)   (1,593)
 Forfeiture of share options              —              —           —             —               (3)           —          —                3        —
 Share-based compensation
   of the Company                         —              —           —             —                3            —          —               —          3
 Share-based compensation
   charged by LVS                         —              —           —             —                2            —          —               —          2

 Balance at December 31, 2022             81             87       1,515            6               97           (11)        (6)         (2,469)    (700)
 Profit for the year                      —              —           —             —               —             —          —              692      692
 Fair value adjustment on cash flow
   hedge                                  —              —           —             —               —             —           (3)            —         (3)
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                           —              —           —             —               —              1         —               —          1

 Total comprehensive
   income/(expense)                       —              —           —             —               —             1          (3)           692       690
 Exercise of share options                —              —           1             —               —             —          —              —          1
 Forfeiture of share options              —              —           —             —               (5)           —          —               5        —
 Share-based compensation
   of the Company                         —              —           —             —                2            —          —               —          2
 Share-based compensation
   charged by LVS                         —              —           —             —                3            —          —               —          3

 Balance at December 31, 2023             81             87       1,516             6              97           (10)         (9)        (1,772)       (4)




The notes on pages 127 to 204 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          125
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


                      4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                Notes                      US$ in millions
  Cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities
    Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                      23                        2,293                      (466)
    Income tax paid                                                                                            —                          (7)

  Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                                    2,293                      (473)

  Cash flows from investing activities
    Placement of restricted bank deposit                                                                        —                      (125)
    Withdrawal from restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                        —                         16
    Purchases of property and equipment                                                                       (201)                    (203)
    Additions to investment properties                                                                         (16)                      (18)
    Purchases of intangible assets                                                                             (14)                      (20)
    Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment, investment
     properties and intangible assets                                                                            1                        9
    Interest received                                                                                           50                       16

  Net cash used in investing activities                                                                       (180)                    (325)

  Cash flows from financing activities
    Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                                     1                        —
    Proceeds from bank loans                                                      22                           —                      1,200
    Proceeds from LVS Term Loan                                                   22                           —                      1,000
    Repayments of bank loans                                                      22                       (1,948)                       —
    Repayments of other long-term borrowings                                      22                           (1)                        (1)
    Repayments of lease liabilities                                               22                           (7)                        (9)
    Payments of financing costs                                                                               (31)                        (2)
    Payments related to gaming license liability                                  22                          (29)                       —
    Interest paid                                                                 22                         (437)                     (367)

  Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                                             (2,452)                    1,821

  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                       (339)                    1,023
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year(i)                                                         1,702                       678
  Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents                                                         (2)                        1

  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                  1,361                     1,702

(i)   Cash and cash equivalents of US$1.70 billion as at December 31, 2022 includes restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million that
      became unrestricted in early January 2023.




The notes on pages 127 to 204 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    126
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Principal activities
     The Group is principally engaged in the operation of casino games of chance and the development and operation
     of destination properties and other ancillary services in Macao. The Group’s immediate holding company is Venetian
     Venture Development Intermediate II. Las Vegas Sands Corp. (“LVS”), a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.,
     indirectly holds 69.91% ownership interest in the Group as at December 31, 2023, and is the Group’s ultimate holding
     company.


     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 15, 2009 as an exempted company with limited liability
     under the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office in the
     Cayman Islands is Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-
     9005, Cayman Islands. The Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong
     Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


     The Group owns and operates The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
     Sands Macao. The Group’s properties collectively feature some of the world’s largest casinos, luxury suites and hotel
     rooms, different restaurants and food outlets, spas and theaters for live performances and multiple levels of shopping
     experiences, as well as other integrated resort amenities.


     VML commenced operating its new ten-year gaming concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao
     on January 1, 2023. A robust recovery is now underway in all gaming and non-gaming segments since the elimination
     of COVID-19 restrictions in Macao in late December 2022 and early January 2023. The Concession obliges VML to make
     various payments to the Macao government, for which VML has recognized an intangible asset and a related financial
     liability on the minimum future contractual payments. For details, refer to Note 14.


     The Concession also requires VML to invest a minimum of 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.76 billion) in Macao
     by December 2032, including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.45 billion) in non-gaming projects across eleven
     categories identified by the Macao government in the concession tender program. Pursuant to the Concession, VML is
     required to increase its investment in non-gaming projects by 20% as Macao’s annual gross gaming revenue exceeded
     180 billion patacas (approximately US$22.36 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023. Consequently, VML is
     required to invest, or cause to be invested, an additional 5.56 billion patacas (approximately US$691 million) in non-
     gaming investment projects by December 2032.


     The Group has commenced works on Phase II of The Londoner Macao, which includes the renovation of the rooms in
     the Sheraton and Conrad hotel towers, an upgrade of the gaming areas and the addition of new attractions, dining,
     retail and entertainment offerings. These projects have a total estimated cost of US$1.2 billion and are expected to be
     substantially completed in early 2025.


     The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 30, 2009.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in millions of United States dollars (“US$ in millions”), unless
     otherwise stated.


     The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on March 15, 2024.




                                                           127
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Recent developments
     From 2020 through the beginning of 2023, the Group’s operations were negatively impacted by the reduction in
     travel and tourism related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. The Macao government’s policy regarding the management of
     COVID-19 and general travel restrictions was eliminated in late December 2022 and early January 2023. Since then,
     visitation to the Group’s integrated resorts and operations has improved.


     The Macao government announced total visitation from mainland China to Macao increased approximately 273.1%
     and decreased approximately 31.8% during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 2022 and 2019 (pre-
     pandemic), respectively. The Macao government also announced gross gaming revenue increased approximately 333.8%
     and decreased approximately 37.4% during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to 2022 and 2019,
     respectively.


     The Group has a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity in place, including total unrestricted cash and cash
     equivalents of US$1.36 billion and access to US$2.49 billion of available borrowing capacity from the 2018 SCL Credit
     Facility as at December 31, 2023. The Group believes the available liquidity, together with the cash flow to be generated
     from its operations, will be sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility
     and fund its working capital needs and committed and planned capital expenditures, including fulfilling the obligations
     and commitments under the Concession Contract.

2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     (a) Basis of preparation
           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
           Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS
           requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the
           process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity,
           or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in
           Note 3.


           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial liabilities
           for cash-settled share-based awards and derivative financial instruments that are measured at fair value.


           Prior period comparatives of certain trade and other payables and certain borrowings were reclassified to conform
           with the current period presentation, which represented a reclassification of US$37 million interest payable related
           to lease liabilities from non-current trade and other payables to non-current borrowings and US$1 million from
           current trade and other payables to current borrowings.




                                                             128
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (b) Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
         During the year, the Group adopted a new accounting policy on the minimum future contractual payments relating
         to the Concession in January 2023 resulting in a recognition of an intangible asset and a related financial liability
         (refer to Note 14 for details). Additionally, there have been a number of amendments to standards in IFRS that are
         effective, which the Group has adopted at their respective effective dates. The adoption of these amendments to
         standards had no material impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Group.

         Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes (“IAS 12”) International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
         The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and its inclusive Framework of over 140
         countries have agreed to enact a two-pillar solution to reform international tax rules to address the tax challenges
         arising from the digitalization of the economy as part of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) project. Pillar
         One will reallocate taxing rights to market jurisdictions on residual profits of multinational enterprises (“MNEs”)
         with global turnover greater than €20 billion and a profit margin above 10%. Pillar Two consist of interrelated rules
         which operate to impose a minimum tax rate of 15% calculated on a jurisdictional basis on MNEs with a global
         turnover of at least €750 million.


         IAS 12 has been amended to add an exception for recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax
         assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model
         rules published by the OECD (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The amendments require that entities shall apply the
         amendments immediately upon issuance. The amendments also require that entities shall disclose separately their
         current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes, and the qualitative and quantitative information
         about their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or
         substantially enacted but not yet in effect in annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.


         The Group has yet to apply the temporary exception for the year ended December 31, 2023 as the entities within
         the Group operate in jurisdictions where the Pillar Two legislation has not been enacted or is not yet substantially
         enacted. The Group will continue to monitor and evaluate the matter.

         Amendments to standards that have been issued, but not effective
         The Group has not early adopted the amendments to standards that have been issued, but are not effective for the
         year ended December 31, 2023. The Group has commenced an assessment of the impact of the amendments to
         standards on the Group, but is not yet in a position to state whether their adoption would have a significant impact
         on the results of operations and financial position of the Group.




                                                            129
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (c) Subsidiaries
         Consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
         by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company has power over the investee; is
         exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power
         to affect its returns. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group
         and are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.


         The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes
         to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


         All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between the
         members of the Group are eliminated on consolidation.


         The particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 are set out in Note 29.


     (d) Foreign currency translation
         Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s companies are measured using the currency of the
         primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The Company’s functional
         currency is Macao patacas (“MOP”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in US$, which is the
         presentation currency of LVS.


         Companies within the Group that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency translate
         their results of operations and financial position into the presentation currency based on the following:


         •     Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at balance sheet date;

         •     Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year; and


         •     Translation adjustments arising from this process are recognized in other comprehensive income/(expense)
               (currency translation differences) and will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.


         Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurements that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions
         denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in “other expenses, gains and losses”.




                                                            130
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (e) Investment properties
         Investment properties, principally comprising buildings and building improvements relating to mall operations, are
         held for long-term rental yields or capital appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. Investment
         properties currently being constructed or developed are classified as investment properties and stated at cost,
         less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently
         carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Investment properties are
         depreciated on a straight-line basis, at rates sufficient to write off their costs over their estimated useful lives of 3
         to 50 years. The residual values and useful lives of investment properties are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate
         at each balance sheet date. The effects of any revision are included in the consolidated income statement when the
         changes arise.


     (f) Property and equipment
         Property and equipment, except construction-in-progress, are stated at historical cost less accumulated
         depreciation and amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Leasehold interests in land are classified
         as leases and commence amortization from the time when the land interest becomes available for its intended use.
         Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
         which do not exceed the lease term for leasehold improvements, as follows:

         Leasehold interests in land classified as leases                                                              50 years
         Leasehold improvements                                                                 Shorter of lease term or 3 years
         Land improvements, buildings and building improvements                                                     10–50 years
         Leased buildings and equipment                                                                              Lease term
         Ferries                                                                                                       20 years
         Furniture, fittings and equipment                                                                           3–20 years
         Vehicles                                                                                                     5–6 years


         The estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategy and legal
         considerations, such as contractual life, and are periodically reviewed. Future events, such as property expansions,
         property developments, new competition or new regulations, could result in a change in the manner in which the
         Company uses certain assets requiring a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets.


         Maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the asset nor appreciably prolong its life are
         charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on disposition of property and equipment are included in the
         consolidated income statement.


         Construction-in-progress represents property and equipment under construction and is stated at cost, less
         accumulated impairment losses, if any. This includes the direct costs of purchase, construction and capitalized
         borrowing costs. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the relevant assets are completed
         and ready for their intended use, at which time they are transferred to the relevant asset category.




                                                            131
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (f) Property and equipment (continued)
         The residual values and useful lives of the assets are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate at each balance sheet
         date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
         amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


         Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
         recognized within “Other expenses, gains and losses” in the consolidated income statement.

         Reverted Gaming Assets under the Subconcession
         With the expiry of VML’s subconcession on December 31, 2022, all of the Gaming Assets, including the casinos,
         gaming areas and respective supporting areas located in Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao, The
         Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao, with a total area of approximately 136,000 square meters (representing
         approximately 4.7% of the total property area) and gaming equipment, reverted to, and are now owned by the
         Macao government. Effective as of January 1, 2023, the Gaming Assets were temporarily transferred to VML for
         the duration of the Concession, in return for annual payments for the right to operate the Gaming Assets pursuant
         to the Handover Record.


         As the Group continues to operate the Gaming Assets in the same manner as under the previous Subconcession,
         obtain substantially all of the economic benefits and bear all of the risks arising from the use of these assets, as well
         as assuming it will be successful in the awarding of a new concession upon expiry of the Concession, the Group
         continues to recognize these Gaming Assets as property and equipment over their remaining estimated useful lives.


     (g) Intangible assets
         Computer software
         Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use
         the specific software. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 4 years.

         Gaming license
         The intangible asset represents the right to operate the gaming equipment and gaming areas, the right to
         conduct games of chance in Macao and the unconditional obligation to make payments under the Concession.
         The intangible asset at inception was measured as the present value of in-substance fixed payments over the
         Concession term, consisting of contractually obligated annual payments of fixed and variable premiums, as well
         as fees associated with the Handover Record. The contractually obligated annual variable premium payments
         associated with the intangible asset were determined using the maximum authorized number of gaming tables at
         the mass table rate and the maximum authorized number of gaming machines that VML is currently allowed to
         operate by the Macao government.


         The intangible asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of the Concession, being ten years.




                                                            132
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (h) Impairment of non-financial assets
           Non-financial assets, including fixed assets and intangible assets with a definite useful life, are reviewed for
           impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which
           the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
           value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
           levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units or “CGU”).


     (i)   Financial assets
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:


           a.    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and


           b.    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.


           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income:


           a.    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                 cash flows and selling; and


           b.    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.


           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss.


           The Group’s financial assets primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and
           bank deposit, trade and other receivables and derivative financial instruments.




                                                             133
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (i)   Financial assets (continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet when there is a legally
           enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the
           asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate, except for short-term receivables where the
           recognition of interest would be immaterial.

           Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade and other receivables which are
           subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
           reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
           instrument. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the
           reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           a.    Definition of default
                 For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                 developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
                 including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

           b.    Credit-impaired financial assets
                 A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the
                 estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence of a financial asset that is credit-
                 impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                 i.     Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                 ii.    A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                 iii.   The Group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, grants to the
                        borrower a concession the lender would not otherwise consider; or

                 iv.    It becomes probable the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.

           c.    Write-off policy
                 The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating the counterparty is in severe
                 financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
                 placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still
                 be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
                 where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized
                 in profit or loss.



                                                               134
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (i)   Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets (continued)
           d.    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
                 the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss
                 given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information.


                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows due to the Group in accordance with
                 the contract and the cash flows the Group expects to receive.


                 Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or for cases where evidence at the individual instrument level
                 may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and
                 days past due.


                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
                 share similar credit risk characteristics.


                 The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for trade and other receivables by adjusting
                 their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets
           The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the consideration was received. On derecognition of a financial
           asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
           consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.


     (j)   Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, and bank deposits
           Cash and cash equivalents include cash and short-term deposits with original maturities of three months or
           less. Bank deposits are short-term deposits with maturities over three months. Such investments are carried at
           cost, which is a reasonable estimate of their fair value. Cash equivalents and bank deposits are placed with high
           credit quality financial institutions. Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits are considered restricted when
           withdrawal or general use is legally restricted. The Group determines current or non-current classification based on
           the expected duration of the restriction. The Group’s restricted cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits include
           amounts held in a separate cash deposit account as collateral for bank guarantees and other contractually reserved
           amounts.


     (k) Share capital
           Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


           Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction, net
           of tax, from the proceeds.




                                                              135
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (l)   Financial liabilities
           The Group’s financial liabilities primarily consists of borrowings and trade and other payables (including gaming
           license liability) which are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the
           effective interest method. The Group’s financial liabilities also may include derivative financial instruments (if any)
           which are measured at fair value.

           Derecognition/substantial modification of financial liabilities
           The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled
           or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the
           consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.


           When the contractual terms of financial liability are modified such that the revised terms would result in a
           substantial modification from the original terms, after taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
           including qualitative factors, such modification is accounted for as derecognition of the original financial liability
           and the recognition of new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
           derecognized and the fair value of consideration paid or payable, including any liabilities assumed and derivative
           components, is recognized in profit or loss.

           Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities
           For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
           of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
           discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted
           to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the remaining term. Any
           adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.


     (m) Trade payables
           Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services acquired in the ordinary course of business from
           suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the
           normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


           Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
           interest method.


     (n) Gaming license liability
           The financial liability was measured as the present value of future contractual payments under the Concession over
           the Concession term, consisting of contractually obligated annual payments of fixed and variable premiums (refer
           to Note 2(g) for details), as well as fees associated with the Handover Record at inception.


           The financial liability is measured at amortized cost. In the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, the non-
           current portion of the financial liability is included in “Trade and other payables — non-current” and the current
           portion is included in “Trade and other payables — current”.




                                                               136
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (n) Gaming license liability (continued)
         Any changes to (i) the rate per square meter due to adjustments based on the Macao average price index; (ii) the
         variable premium due to changes in the maximum authorized capacity of gaming tables and slot machines; as
         well as (iii) the number of VIP tables such that payment at the VIP table rate of 300,000 patacas (approximately
         US$37,274) per gaming table in excess of the mass table rate will be expensed in the consolidated income
         statement.


     (o) Borrowings and financing costs
         Borrowings are recognized initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
         stated at amortized cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
         is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
         method.


         Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent it is
         probable some or all of the facilities will be drawn. In this case, the fee is deferred until the drawdown occurs. To
         the extent there is no evidence it is probable some or all of the facilities will be drawn, the fee is capitalized as a pre-
         payment for liquidity services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.


         Financing costs incurred for the construction of any qualifying asset which takes a substantial period of time to
         get ready for its intended use, less any investment income on the temporary investment of related borrowings, are
         capitalized during the period that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. Other financing
         costs, net of interest income, are expensed.


         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
         liability for at least twelve months after the balance sheet date.


     (p) Current and deferred income tax and gaming tax
         Income tax
         Income tax expense is comprised of current and deferred tax.


         (i)   Current income tax
               Current income tax is calculated on the basis of the tax law enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
               sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
               Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which the
               applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis
               of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                              137
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (p) Current and deferred income tax and gaming tax (continued)
         Income tax (continued)
         (ii)    Deferred income tax
                 Deferred income tax is recognized for temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
                 liabilities and their carrying values in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income tax is not
                 accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or a liability in a transaction other than a business
                 combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does
                 not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using
                 tax rates (and laws) enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply
                 when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


                 Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent it is probable future taxable profit will be
                 available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.


         (iii)   Offsetting
                 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                 tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to
                 income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities
                 where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

         Gaming tax
         According to the Concession granted by the Macao government and the relevant legislation, the Group is
         required to pay 35% gaming tax on gross gaming revenue, which represents net wins from casino operations.
         The Group is also required to pay an additional 5% of gross gaming revenue as public development and social
         related contributions. This special levy was increased from 4% to 5% pursuant to the Concession and Gaming Law
         effective January 1, 2023. In addition, gross gaming revenues generated in the approved foreigner gaming areas
         are eligible for a 5% tax contribution rebate and hence gaming taxes for those areas are accrued at 35%.


         Additionally, under the Concession, VML is also obligated to pay a special annual gaming premium if the average
         of the gross gaming revenues of VML’s gaming tables and electrical or mechanical gaming machines, including slot
         machines, is lower than a certain minimum amount determined by the Macao government; such special premium
         being the difference between the gaming tax based on the actual gross gaming revenues and that of the specified
         minimum amount; this minimum amount has been set by the Macao government at 7 million patacas per gaming
         table and 300,000 patacas per gaming machine (approximately US$1 million and US$37,274, respectively), for
         an annual total of 4.50 billion patacas (approximately US$560 million) based on the maximum number of gaming
         tables and gaming machines VML is currently authorized to operate. No special annual gaming premium was paid
         for the year ended December 31, 2023.


         Prior to the recognition of the gaming license intangible asset and financial liability on January 1, 2023, certain
         variable and fixed payments made to the Macao government based on the number of slot machines and gaming
         tables in operations were reported as “Gaming tax” in the consolidated income statement.




                                                               138
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (q) Employee benefits
        (i)    Pension obligations
               The Group operates the Private Provident Fund Scheme and Non-Mandatory Central Provident Fund
               Scheme (collectively, the “Schemes”) through its subsidiaries in Macao. The Schemes are managed by fund
               management entities and are defined contribution plans. The Group has no further payment obligations once
               the contributions have been paid to the Schemes managed by fund management entities. The contributions
               are recognized as employee benefit expenses when they are due and are reduced by contributions forfeited
               by those employees who leave the scheme prior to the contributions being fully vested. Prepaid contributions
               are recognized as an asset to the extent a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

        (ii)   Share-based compensation
               Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
               Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the
               award, and is recognized over the employee’s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the
               equity grant). When the options of the 2009 Equity Award Plan and 2019 Equity Award Plan are exercised,
               the Company issues new shares. The cash subscribed for the shares issued when the options are exercised is
               credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium, net of any directly attributable transaction costs.
               At the time when the options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share-based compensation
               reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still
               not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share-based compensation reserve will
               be transferred to retained earnings/(accumulated losses).


               The Group recognizes the impact of revisions to the original estimates, if any, in the consolidated income
               statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


               Share-based compensation expense arising from the granting of share options and restricted share units by
               LVS to the employees of the Group, to the extent of services rendered to the Group, is deemed to have been
               allocated to the Group as an expense with the corresponding increase in the share-based compensation
               reserves under equity in the relevant companies comprising the Group.


               Cash-settled share-based payment transactions of the Company
               For cash-settled share-based payments, a financial liability is recognized for the employee services acquired,
               measured initially at the fair value of the liability. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is
               settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair
               value recognized in profit or loss for the year.




                                                           139
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (q) Employee benefits (continued)
         (iii) Annual leave and other paid leave
               Employee entitlement to annual leave is recognized when it accrues to employees. A provision is made for the
               estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees during the year. Employee
               entitlement to maternity leave is not recognized until the time of leave. Unused compensation leave earned
               by employees is accrued. Unused sick leave is accrued on a monthly basis.

         (iv) Bonus plans
               The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses where contractually obliged or where there is a
               past practice that has created a constructive obligation.


     (r) Contingent liabilities
         A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed
         by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the
         Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized because it is not probable
         an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably.


         A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements unless
         the probability of outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote. When a change in the probability
         of an outflow occurs so the outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a provision.


     (s) Revenue recognition
         Revenue from contracts with customers primarily consists of casino wagers, room sales, food and beverage
         transactions, rental income from the Company’s mall tenants, convention sales and entertainment and ferry ticket
         sales. These contracts can be written, oral or implied by customary business practices.


         Gross casino revenue is the aggregate of gaming wins and losses. The commissions rebated to gaming promoters
         and premium players for rolling play, cash discounts and other cash incentives to patrons related to gaming play
         are recorded as a reduction to gross casino revenue. Gaming contracts include a performance obligation to honor
         the patron’s wager and typically include a performance obligation to provide a product or service to the patron on
         a complimentary basis to incentivize gaming or in exchange for points earned under the Group’s loyalty programs.


         For wagering contracts that include complimentary products and services provided by the Group to incentivize
         gaming, the Group allocates the relative stand-alone selling price of each product and service to the respective
         revenue type. Complimentary products or services provided under the Group’s control and discretion, which are
         supplied by third parties, are recorded as an operating expense.


         For wagering contracts that include products and services provided to a patron in exchange for points earned
         under the Group’s loyalty programs, the Group allocates the estimated fair value of the points earned to the loyalty
         program liability. The loyalty program liability is a deferral of revenue until redemption occurs. Upon redemption
         of loyalty program points for Group-owned products and services, the stand-alone selling price of each product
         or service is allocated to the respective revenue type. For redemptions of points with third parties, the redemption
         amount is deducted from the loyalty program liability and paid directly to the third party. Any discounts received by
         the Group from the third party in connection with this transaction are recorded to other revenue.


                                                           140
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (s) Revenue recognition (continued)
         After allocation to the other revenue types for products and services provided to patrons as part of a wagering
         contract, the residual amount is recorded to casino revenue as soon as the wager is settled. As all wagers have
         similar characteristics, the Group accounts for its gaming contracts collectively on a portfolio basis versus an
         individual basis.


         Hotel revenue recognition criteria are met at the time of occupancy. Food and beverage revenue recognition
         criteria are met at the time of service. Convention revenues are recognized when the related service is rendered
         or the event is held. Deposits for future hotel occupancy, convention space or food and beverage services
         contracts are recorded as deferred revenue until the revenue recognition criteria are met. Cancellation fees for
         convention contracts are recognized upon cancellation by the customer and are included in other revenues. Ferry
         and entertainment revenue recognition criteria are met at the completion of the ferry trip or event, respectively.
         Revenue from contracts with a combination of these services is allocated pro rata based on each service’s relative
         stand-alone selling price.


         The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from mall tenant operating leases is described in the
         accounting policy for leases/right-of-use below.


     (t) Pre-opening expenses
         Pre-opening expenses represent personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new properties and are
         expensed as incurred.


     (u) Leases/right-of-use
         As the lessee for leases
         The Group leases various land, real estate, vehicles, and equipment. The Group determines if a contract is or
         contains a lease at the inception or modification of a contract. A contract is, or contains a lease if the contract
         conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control
         over the use of the identified asset means the lessee has both (a) the right to obtain substantially all of the economic
         benefits from the use of the asset and (b) the right to direct the use of the asset.


         The Group’s lease arrangements have lease and non-lease components. The Group applies the practical expedient
         to account for the lease components and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all
         classes of underlying assets.


         The Group applies the recognition exemption for leases with an expected term of 12 months or less and leases
         of low-value assets. These leases are not accounted for on the balance sheet and the related lease expense is
         recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term.


         The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of fixed lease payments over the expected lease term at
         commencement date. As the implicit rate is not determinable in most of the Group’s leases, management uses the
         incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
         value of future payments. The expected lease terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain
         the Group will exercise such extension option or to terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain the Group will
         not exercise such termination option.


                                                            141
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (u) Leases/right-of-use (continued)
         As the lessee for leases (continued)
         Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability
         and the right-of-use asset. The related payments are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or
         condition that triggers those payments occurs.


         Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
         the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
         each period.


         The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
         with adjustments, if any, at commencement date, any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
         less any lease incentives received, any initial indirect costs, and restoration costs. Right-of-use assets are generally
         depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. It is subsequently
         measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for certain remeasurements
         of the lease liabilities.


         In the consolidated balance sheet, the Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of
         “investment property” in “property and equipment” and lease liabilities are presented within “borrowings”. Right-
         of-use assets that meet the definition of “investment property” are presented within “investment properties”.
         Right-of-use assets are included within the same category under “property and equipment”, which the
         corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.


         In the consolidated statement of cash flows, lease payments and any associated interest paid are presented under
         cash flows from financing activities except for leases with an expected term of 12 months or less and leases of low-
         value assets which are presented under cash flows from operating activities.

         As the lessor/grantor for leases/right-of-use
         The Group leases space at several of its integrated resorts to various third parties as part of its mall operations, as
         well as retail and office space.


         Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as a finance or operating lease. Whenever the terms of the
         lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
         lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases. Leases, in which the Group is the lessor, are substantially
         all accounted for as operating leases and the lease components and non-lease components are accounted for
         separately.


         When assets are leased/granted out under an agreement for the right-of-use, the asset is included in the
         consolidated balance sheet based on the nature of the asset. Lease rental/income from right-of-use (net of any
         incentives given to tenants or to retailers) is recognized over the terms of the lease/right-of-use on a straight-line
         basis. As such, deferred rent is recognized as a result of a timing difference of revenue recognition over the lease
         term compared to the billing amount. Turnover fees arising under operating leases/right-of-use are recognized as
         income in the period in which they are earned.




                                                             142
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (u) Leases/right-of-use (continued)
          As the lessor/grantor for leases/right-of-use (continued)
          When the legal system in which the Group operates contains a legal provision governing the change in
          circumstances which adversely impacts the performance of the lessee or the lessor due to a force majeure event,
          or a lease contract contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that
          the underlying assets (or any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the
          lessee so as to render the underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension
          of rent resulting from the relevant legal provision or the specific clause is accounted for as part of the original lease
          and not as a lease modification. The Group recognizes such rent reduction or suspension of rent in profit or loss in
          the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.

3.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
     Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical information, information currently
     available and on various other assumptions management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, including
     expectations of future events. Actual results could vary from those estimates and management may change the estimates
     and assumptions in future evaluations. Changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on the
     results of operations and financial condition.


     The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of potentially causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


     (a) Provision of expected credit losses for trade receivables
          The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses, using a lifetime expected loss
          allowance for all trade and other receivables. The Group determines the allowance based on specific customer
          information, historical write-off information, current industry and economic data, which includes regional and
          global economic conditions, and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as
          forward-looking information. A provision of expected credit losses for trade receivables is recorded when the Group
          believes it is probable the recoverable amount of the receivables will be less than their carrying amounts. Account
          balances are written off against the allowance when the Group considers the receivables to be uncollectible.


          Credit or marker play was 10.6% of table games play at the Group’s properties during the year ended December
          31, 2023 (2022: 9.8%). Provision for expected credit losses was 47.2% of casino receivables after offset with
          commissions payable and front money as of December 31, 2023 (2022: 82.3%). Provision for credit losses from the
          Group’s hotel and other receivables is not material.


          Management believes there are no concentrations of credit risk for which an allowance has not been established.
          Although management believes the allowance is adequate, it is possible the estimated amount of cash collections
          with respect to trade receivables could change.




                                                             143
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)
     (b) Useful lives of investment properties and property and equipment
          As of December 31, 2023, the Group had net investment properties, property and equipment of US$7.91 billion,
          representing 77.1% of its total assets. The Group depreciates investment properties and property and equipment
          on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives with no residual value assumed. The estimated useful
          lives are based on the nature of the assets, as well as current operating strategy and legal considerations, such
          as contractual life. Future events, such as property expansions, property developments, new competition or new
          regulations, whether VML is successful or not in renewing its future gaming concessions after the expiry of the
          current Concession, could result in a change in the manner in which the Group uses certain assets requiring a
          change in the estimated useful lives of such assets.


4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by a group of senior management
     which is the chief operating decision-maker of the Group that makes strategic decisions. The Group considers the
     business from a property and service perspective.


     The Group’s principal operating and developmental activities occur in Macao, which is the sole geographic area in which
     the Group is domiciled. The Group reviews the results of operations for each of its key operating segments, which are
     also the reportable segments: The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
     Sands Macao. The Group has included ferry and other operations (comprised primarily of the Group’s ferry operations
     and various other operations that are ancillary to its properties) to reconcile to consolidated income statement and
     consolidated balance sheet.


     The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Sands Macao derive their
     revenues primarily from casino wagers, room sales, rental income from the Group’s mall tenants, food and beverage
     transactions, convention sales and entertainment. Ferry and other operations mainly derive their revenues from the sale
     of transportation services.




                                                           144
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Revenue disaggregated by type of revenue and property is as follows:

                                                                                                                  Convention,
                                                                                                       Food and    ferry, retail     Total net
                                                          Casino          Rooms         Mall(ii),(iii) beverage      and other       revenues
                                                                                          US$ in millions
        Year ended December 31, 2023
        The Venetian Macao                                  2,151             191            228             63               49          2,682
        The Londoner Macao                                  1,283             324             66             86               33          1,792
        The Parisian Macao                                    655             135             32             49                8            879
        The Plaza Macao                                       462              94            187             30                6            779
        Sands Macao                                           290              17              1             12                2            322
        Ferry and other operations                             —               —              —              —                95             95
        Inter-segment revenues(i)                              —               —              (1)            —               (14)           (15)

                                                            4,841             761            513            240             179           6,534


        Year ended December 31, 2022
        The Venetian Macao                                    438              55            155             17               17            682
        The Londoner Macao                                    194              61             47             26               22            350
        The Parisian Macao                                    116              33             25             10                4            188
        The Plaza Macao                                       146              29            127             10                1            313
        Sands Macao                                            53               6               1             4                1              65
        Ferry and other operations                             —               —              —              —                21              21
        Inter-segment revenues(i)                              —               —               (1)           —               (13)            (14)

                                                              947             184            354             67              53           1,605


     (i)     Inter-segment revenues are charged at prevailing market rates.


     (ii)    Of this amount, US$448 million (2022: US$296 million) was related to income from right-of-use and US$65 million (2022: US$58 million)
             was related to management fee and other. Income from right-of-use is recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases and all other
             revenues are recognized in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers.


     (iii)   For the year ended December 31, 2023, no rent concessions were provided to tenants (2022: US$70 million of rent concessions were
             provided to tenants as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic and its impact on mall operations).




                                                                      145
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     The following is a reconciliation of adjusted property EBITDA to profit/(loss) for the year attributable to equity holders of
     the Company:

                                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                     Notes                        US$ in millions
        Adjusted property EBITDA (Unaudited)                (i)

        The Venetian Macao                                                                                          1,054                          (25)
        The Londoner Macao                                                                                            516                        (189)
        The Parisian Macao                                                                                            269                        (103)
        The Plaza Macao                                                                                               308                           81
        Sands Macao                                                                                                    59                          (81)
        Ferry and other operations                                                                                     19                            (6)

        Total adjusted property EBITDA                                                                              2,225                        (323)
        Share-based compensation, net of amount capitalized(ii)                                                       (31)                         (35)
        Corporate expense(iii)                                                         (a)                           (129)                         (55)
        Pre-opening expense                                                            (b)                             (7)                            1
        Depreciation and amortization                                                                                (809)                       (750)
        Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                                           (13)                            4
        Fair value gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments                                                      1                            (1)
        Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
          investment properties and intangible assets                                                                  (12)                         (4)

        Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                     1,225                     (1,163)
        Interest income                                                                                                48                         19
        Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized                                                                    (532)                      (444)

        Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                               741                     (1,588)
        Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                  (49)                         6

        Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to
          equity holders of the Company                                                                               692                     (1,582)

     (i)     Adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Company before
             share-based compensation, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange gains or losses,
             impairment loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible
             assets, interest, gain or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative financial instruments and
             income tax benefit or expense. Management utilizes adjusted property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with
             those of its competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated resort companies have historically
             reported adjusted property EBITDA as a supplemental performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of
             their properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including the Group, have historically excluded certain expenses
             that do not relate to the management of specific properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted
             property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property EBITDA should not be interpreted as an alternative to profit or operating profit (as an
             indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance
             with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal
             repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in adjusted property EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted property EBITDA
             in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as presented by the Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly
             titled measures presented by other companies.

     (ii)    Includes equity-settled share-based payment expense, net of amount capitalized of US$5 million (2022: US$5 million) and cash-settled
             share-based payment expense, net of amount capitalized of US$26 million (2022: US$30 million).

     (iii)   The amount excludes share-based payment expense of US$4 million (2022: US$5 million).




                                                                        146
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (a) Corporate expense

                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                       2023              2022
                                                       Note            US$ in millions
         Royalty fees                                 25(a)(v)         100                22
         Management fees                                                 9                 9
         Employee benefit expenses                                       8                 8
         Other support services                                          5                10
         Other expenses                                                  7                 6

                                                                       129                55


     (b) Pre-opening expense

                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                       US$ in millions
         Advertising and promotions                                      2                 (1)
         Employee benefit expenses                                       1                 —
         Contract labor and services                                     1                 —
         Other support services                                          2                 —
         Other expenses                                                  1                 —

                                                                         7                 (1)




                                              147
                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                     US$ in millions
      Depreciation and amortization
      The Venetian Macao                                                             156                180
      The Londoner Macao                                                             389                322
      The Parisian Macao                                                             131                128
      The Plaza Macao                                                                 99                 86
      Sands Macao                                                                     22                 21
      Ferry and other operations                                                      12                 13

                                                                                     809                750


                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                     US$ in millions
      Capital expenditures
      The Venetian Macao                                                              71                 52
      The Londoner Macao                                                             131                173
      The Parisian Macao                                                               8                  3
      The Plaza Macao                                                                 15                  9
      Sands Macao                                                                      6                  4

                                                                                     231                241


                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                    US$ in millions
      Total assets
      The Venetian Macao                                                            2,538              2,127
      The Londoner Macao                                                            4,213              4,512
      The Parisian Macao                                                            1,819              1,846
      The Plaza Macao                                                               1,073              1,035
      Sands Macao                                                                     286                207
      Ferry and other operations                                                      329                835

                                                                                   10,258             10,562


     Almost all of the non-current assets of the Group are located in Macao.




                                                           148
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
                                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                        US$ in millions
       Wages, salaries, bonus and termination costs                                                       1,005                      895
       Staff meals                                                                                           47                       39
       Pension costs — defined contribution plan                                                             36                       35
       Share-based compensation, net of amount capitalized(i)                                                31                       35
       Other employee benefit expenses                                                                       29                       28

                                                                                                          1,148                    1,032


     (i)   Share-based compensation capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$1 million (2022: US$1 million). For further
           information related to the Company’s equity award plan and LVS’ equity award plan, refer to Note 26 to the consolidated financial
           statements.


     (a) Directors’ emoluments

                                                                                                                Estimated
                                                                                                                monetary
                                                               Salaries                                           value of
                                                            and other Discretionary      Pension                     other
                                                      Fees allowances     bonuses (i)
                                                                                            costs               benefits(ii)        Total
                                                                               US$ in thousands
            Year ended December 31, 2023

            Executive Directors
              Robert Glen Goldstein(iii)                 —             —                —              —                —              —
              Wong Ying Wai(iii)                         —          2,995            1,497            150            3,806          8,448
              Chum Kwan Lock, Grant(iii)                 —          1,816            1,797             90            4,158          7,861

            Non-Executive Director
              Charles Daniel Forman                    200              —               —               —                —            200

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
              Chiang Yun                               230              —               —               —                —            230
              Victor Patrick Hoog Antink               230              —               —               —                —            230
              Steven Zygmunt Strasser                  230              —               —               —                —            230
              Kenneth Patrick Chung                    200              —               —               —                —            200

                                                     1,090          4,811            3,294            240            7,964        17,399




                                                                  149
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)

                                                                                                                      Estimated
                                                                                                                      monetary
                                                                      Salaries                                          value of
                                                                   and other     Discretionary       Pension               other
                                                         Fees     allowances         bonuses(i)        costs          benefits(ii)         Total
                                                                                          US$ in thousands
            Year ended December 31, 2022

            Executive Directors
              Robert Glen Goldstein(iii)                   —               —                —               —                —               —
              Wong Ying Wai(iii)                           —            3,001            1,501             150            4,577           9,229
              Chum Kwan Lock, Grant(iii)                   —            3,124            1,801              90            3,871           8,886

            Non-Executive Director
              Charles Daniel Forman                       200              —                —               —                  —             200

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
              Chiang Yun                                  230              —                —               —                  —             230
              Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                  230              —                —               —                  —             230
              Steven Zygmunt Strasser                     230              —                —               —                  —             230
              Kenneth Patrick Chung                       200              —                —               —                  —             200

                                                        1,090           6,125            3,302             240            8,448          19,205


         (i)     The discretionary bonuses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were in relation to services in the respective years, and
                 are determined by reference to the individual performance of the Directors and the Chief Executives and the Group’s performance,
                 and approved by the Remuneration Committee.


         (ii)    Other benefits mainly include the share options and restricted share units under the Equity Award Plan, accommodation, meals,
                 home visit travel costs and medical insurance. The value of the share options and restricted share units granted to the Directors
                 represents the amount recognized as an expense during the year in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment.


         (iii)   On January 24, 2024, Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein relinquished his role as Chief Executive Officer but continues to serve as the
                 Chairman of the Board and was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director. On the same day, Dr. Wong Ying Wai was appointed
                 as Executive Vice Chairman, and Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant, as Chief Executive Officer and President.




                                                                    150
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)
         The Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
         the Group. The Non-Executive Directors’ and Independent Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their
         services as directors of the Company.


         In addition to the Directors’ emoluments disclosed above, Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein received compensation
         (inclusive of share-based compensation) from LVS in respect of his services to LVS and its subsidiaries (including the
         Group). During the year ended December 31, 2023, US$3 million (2022: US$3 million) was charged by LVS to the
         Group in respect of such management and administrative services of Robert Glen Goldstein provided to the Group.


         No emoluments were paid to any Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
         for loss of office during the year (2022: nil).


         With the exception of the continuing connected transactions disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report of the Company,
         none of the Directors has any material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts entered into by the
         Company or the LVS Group.


         None of the Directors waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2022: same).


     (b) Five highest paid individuals
         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include two Directors (2022: two) whose
         emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments of the remaining three individuals
         (2022: three) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                         US$ in thousands
            Basic salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 3,339                     4,737
            Discretionary bonuses(i)                                                                        3,593                     3,602
            Share-based compensation(ii)                                                                    5,911                     5,485
            Pension costs                                                                                     155                       148

                                                                                                           12,998                    13,972


         (i)    The discretionary bonuses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were in relation to services in the respective years.


         (ii)   The value of share options and restricted share units granted to the individuals represents the amount recognized as an expense
                during the year in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment.




                                                                  151
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (b) Five highest paid individuals (continued)
         The emoluments of the above mentioned individuals fall within the following bands:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
          Range in HK$                        Range in US$ equivalent                  Number of individuals
          27,000,001–27,500,000               3,455,000–3,519,000                              —                    1
          29,000,001–29,500,000               3,711,000–3,775,000                              1                    —
          34,500,001–35,000,000               4,415,000–4,479,000                              1                    —
          37,500,001–38,000,000               4,799,000–4,863,000                              1                    —
          40,500,001–41,000,000               5,183,000–5,247,000                              —                    2

                                                                                                3                    3


         No emoluments were paid to any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
         Group or as compensation for loss of office for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: nil).




                                                         152
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6.   OTHER EXPENSES, GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                      Notes                        US$ in millions
        Utilities and operating supplies                                                                                187                        134
        Contract labor and services                                                                                     115                         59
        Royalty fees(i)                                                                                                 103                         23
        Repairs and maintenance                                                                                          70                         60
        Advertising and promotions                                                                                       65                         24
        Management fees(ii)                                                                                              53                         19
        Lease payments exempted from recognition                                       13(c)                             11                           2
        Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                            2                           2
        (Recovery of)/provision for expected credit losses, net                                                          (5)                          4
        Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                                              13                          (4)
        Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
          investment properties and intangible assets(iii)                                                               12                           4
        Fair value (gain)/loss on derivative financial instruments                      23                               (1)                          1
        Other support services                                                                                          106                          64
        Other operating expenses                                                                                        130                          53

                                                                                                                        861                        445

     (i)     Total royalty fees for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes US$3 million charged by third parties and US$100 million charged by a
             related party (2022: US$1 million and US$22 million, respectively). Refer to Note 25(a)(v) for further information related to the royalty fees
             charged by a related party.

     (ii)    Total management fees for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes US$21 million charged by third parties and US$32 million charged
             by related parties, net of amounts capitalized (2022: US$2 million and US$17 million respectively). Refer to Note 25(a)(ii) for further
             information.

     (iii)   Loss on disposal of property and equipment and investment properties for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes demolition cost of
             US$4 million (2022: US$2 million).


7.   FINANCE COSTS, NET OF AMOUNTS CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                       Note                        US$ in millions
        Interest costs
           Senior Notes                                                                                                 340                        326
           Bank borrowings                                                                                               62                         51
           LVS Term Loan                                                             25(a)(iii)                          58                         28
           Imputed interest on gaming license liability                                                                  31                         —
           Lease liabilities                                                                                              8                          8
        Amortization of deferred financing costs                                                                         26                         24
        Standby fee and other financing costs                                                                             9                          9

                                                                                                                        534                        446
        Less: interest capitalized                                                                                       (2)                        (2)

                                                                                                                        532                        444

     A capitalization rate of 5.0% to 5.6% (2022: 4.4% to 5.6%) was used, representing the effective finance costs of the
     loans to finance the assets under construction.


                                                                         153
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(BENEFIT)
                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                              US$ in millions
      Current income tax
        Payment in lieu of Macao complementary tax on deemed dividends                            57                     2
        Other overseas taxes                                                                      —                      1

      Deferred income tax benefit                                                                 (8)                    (9)

                                                                                                  49                     (6)


     (a) Macao complementary tax overview
          (i)    Structure of Macao complementary tax
                 The Macao complementary tax is applied to taxable income using a progressive rate system. For taxable
                 income exceeding 32,000 patacas (equivalent to US$4,000) and up to 300,000 patacas (equivalent to
                 US$37,500), the tax rates progress from 3% to 9%. Beyond the 300,000 patacas (equivalent to US$37,500)
                 threshold, taxable income is subject to a flat tax rate of 12%.

                 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Macao tax authority introduced a one-time incentive that
                 raised the tax-exempt income ceiling from 32,000 patacas to 600,000 patacas (equivalent to US$4,000 to
                 US$75,000). Consequently, profits surpassing 600,000 patacas (equivalent to US$75,000) are subject to the
                 standard 12% fixed tax rate (2022: same).

          (ii)   Tax exemptions for VML’s gaming activities
                 VML was granted tax exemptions for its gaming activities as per Dispatch No. 194/2018 and Dispatch No.
                 178/2022 from the Chief Executive of Macao, dated August 20, 2018, and September 1, 2022, respectively.
                 The first exemption was effective for the tax year 2019 until June 26, 2022 and the second exemption was
                 effective June 27, 2022 until December 31, 2022, aligning with VML’s gaming Subconcession extension.

                 Following the Concession award in December 2022, VML sought to extend the tax exemption for its gaming
                 activities for the duration of the new Concession period, spanning from the tax year 2023 until the tax year
                 2032, or an alternative exemption period as determined suitable by the Chief Executive of Macao.

                 Pursuant to Dispatch No. 19/2024 from the Chief Executive of Macao dated January 29, 2024, VML was
                 granted an extension of the tax exemption effective for the tax year 2023 until the tax year 2027.

     (b) Alternative arrangement for Macao complementary tax on deemed dividends
          In April 2019, VML renewed a Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement with the Macao government, which remained
          in effect until June 26, 2022. Under the agreement, VML made annual fixed payments to the Macao government
          as an alternative to the complementary tax that would typically be levied on dividends received by its shareholders
          from VML’s gaming profits. Specifically, the agreement stipulated annual payments of 38 million patacas
          (approximately US$5 million) for each of the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021. In addition, a pro-
          rata payment of 18 million patacas (approximately US$2 million) covered the period from January 1, 2022 to June
          26, 2022.




                                                           154
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(BENEFIT) (CONTINUED)
     (b) Alternative arrangement for Macao complementary tax on deemed dividends
         (continued)
         For the year ended December 31, 2023, the income tax provision has been calculated based on available
         information as of the balance sheet date to reflect an anticipated payment of US$57 million in lieu of Macao
         complementary tax on deemed dividends.

         On February 7, 2024, VML entered into a new Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement with the Macao government
         effective from the tax year 2023 through the tax year 2025. The new agreement stipulates payments in lieu of
         Macao complementary tax otherwise due by VML’s shareholders on deemed dividend distributions to them from
         gaming profits, due within 30 days upon issuance of tax demand notices from the Macao government for each
         of the tax years 2023, 2024 and 2025. According to the new agreement, the recognized anticipated payment in
         lieu of Macao complementary tax on deemed dividends recorded for the year ended December 31, 2023 will be
         reduced by US$47 million in 2024.


     (c) Hong Kong profits tax
         The Company’s subsidiaries that carry on business in Hong Kong are subject to the Hong Kong profits tax at the
         maximum rate of 16.5% for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: same).


     (d) Reconciliation between income tax expense/(benefit) and accounting profit/(loss) at
         applicable tax rates
         The tax on the Group’s profit/(loss) before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using
         the domestic tax rates applicable to the consolidated entities in the respective jurisdictions as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                           US$ in millions
          Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                     741                (1,588)

          Tax calculated at domestic rates applicable
            in the respective jurisdictions                                                    88                  (189)
          Tax effects of:
          Income not subject to tax(i)                                                       (729)                 (231)
          Expenses not deductible for tax purposes(i), (ii)                                   555                   265
          Amortization of pre-opening expenses previously not recognized                       —                      (1)
          Origination and reversal of temporary difference, net                                —                      (1)
          Tax losses for which no deferred income tax assets were recognized                   79                   149
          Payment in lieu of Macao complementary tax on deemed dividends                       57                      2
          Others                                                                               (1)                   —

          Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                         49                     (6)




                                                         155
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(BENEFIT) (CONTINUED)
     (d) Reconciliation between income tax expense/(benefit) and accounting profit/(loss) at
         applicable tax rates (continued)
           (i)    During the year ended December 31, 2023, the income tax provision has been determined based on the assumption that VML will
                  be granted an exemption from the Macao complementary tax for its gaming activities (see also Note 8(a)(ii)). Throughout the year,
                  income derived from leases/right-of-use assets recorded by VML, VCL and VOL was subject to property tax, as outlined in Note (ii).
                  Consequently, this income was not included in the base for calculating the Macao complementary tax. As a result, both gaming
                  revenue and lease/right-of-use income, along with their associated expenses, have been categorized as “Income not subject to tax”
                  and “Expenses not deductible for tax purposes”, respectively, in the tax computations above (2022: same).

           (ii)   Lease/right-of-use income recorded in VML, VCL and VOL are exempt from property tax for the first four and six years for the
                  newly constructed buildings in Macao and on Cotai, respectively, pursuant to Article 9(1)(a) of Lei no. 19/78/M. If the buildings
                  in Macao and on Cotai also qualify for Tourism Utility Status, the property tax exemption can be extended by another four and
                  six years, respectively, pursuant to Article 15(a) of Lei no. 81/89/M. The exemption for Sands Macao expired in August 2012, for
                  The Venetian Macao in August 2019, with exception of its casino area which expired in August 2013, and for The Plaza Macao in
                  August 2020. The exemptions for The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons will be expiring
                  in December 2027, September 2028 and October 2032, respectively.


     (e) Deferred income tax benefit
           Deferred income tax benefit was US$8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to deferred
           income tax benefit of US$9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The deferred income tax benefit in
           2023 was primarily due to the reversal of deferred tax liabilities related to accelerated tax depreciation allowance
           (2022: same).

9.   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
     The calculation of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are set out in the following:

                                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2023              2022
       Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$ in millions)                              692                    (1,582)

       Weighted average number of shares for basic earnings/(loss) per share
         (thousand shares)                                                                                8,093,336                  8,093,189
       Adjustment for share options (thousand shares)                                                           139                         —

       Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings/(loss) per share
        (thousand shares)                                                                                 8,093,475                  8,093,189


                                                                                                      US8.56 cents             (US19.55 cents)
       Earnings/(loss) per share, basic(i)

                                                                                                    HK66.89 cents            (HK152.42 cents)


                                                                                                      US8.56 cents             (US19.55 cents)
       Earnings/(loss) per share, diluted(i)

                                                                                                    HK66.89 cents            (HK152.42 cents)

     (i)   The translation of US$ amounts into HK$ amounts has been made at the exchange rate on December 31, 2023 of US$1.00 to HK$7.8140
           (2022: US$1.00 to HK$7.7962).




                                                                     156
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. DIVIDENDS
   The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022.

   The Board did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend in respect of the six months ended June 30, 2023.

   The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2023.

11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, NET
                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                 US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1                                                                                 1,144                  1,130
    Additions                                                                                       16                     11
    Disposals                                                                                       (3)                    (1)
    Transfers (to)/from property and equipment                                                      (1)                     3
    Exchange difference                                                                             (2)                     1

    At December 31                                                                               1,154                  1,144

    Accumulated depreciation
    At January 1                                                                                  (546)                   (493)
    Depreciation                                                                                   (45)                     (53)
    Disposals                                                                                        2                         1
    Exchange difference                                                                              1                        (1)

    At December 31                                                                                (588)                   (546)

    Carrying amount
    At December 31                                                                                 566                     598


   (a) Measuring investment property at fair value
        The Group engaged an independent professional valuer, Knight Frank Petty Limited, to perform the valuation of
        the Group’s investment properties, which are located in Macao, on an annual basis. Knight Frank Petty Limited is a
        professionally qualified independent external valuer, and had appropriate recent experience in the relevant location
        and category of the properties being valued. In determining the fair value of the investment properties, the valuer
        uses assumptions and estimates that reflect, amongst other factors, lease/right-of-use income from current leases/
        right-of-use and assumptions about lease/right-of-use income from future leases/rights-of-use in light of current
        market conditions, capitalization rates, terminal yield and reversionary income potential. Valuations were based on
        income and an open market value approach for all completed properties as follows:

                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                 US$ in millions
          Fair value of the investment properties                                                8,566                  7,980


        In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use. The fair
        value estimate of the Group’s investment properties is a Level 3 input.

                                                           157
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, NET (CONTINUED)
   (b) Amounts recognized in profit or loss for investment properties
                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                          US$ in millions
        Mall income                                                                          513                   354


        Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that
          generate right-of-use income                                                        46                    35


        Direct operating expenses that did not generate right-of-use
          income                                                                              14                    11


       During the year ended December 31, 2023, mall income in the table above included turnover fees, representing
       variable lease income of US$101 million (2022: US$27 million). During the year ended December 31, 2022, rent
       concessions of US$70 million granted to mall tenants as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic were also included in
       mall income in the table above.


   (c) Leasing arrangements
       The investment properties are leased to mall tenants under operating leases with rentals payable on a monthly
       basis. Lease payments in the mall leasing contracts include variable lease payments that depend on turnover of the
       retail store. Where necessary to reduce credit risk, the Group may obtain bank guarantees for the term of a lease
       or cash security deposit at the commencement of a lease. There is no residual value guarantee for our current mall
       leases.


       The future aggregate minimum lease/base fee receivables under non-cancelable agreements are as follows:

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                           US$ in millions
        No later than 1 year                                                                 341                   295
        1 to 2 years                                                                         245                   262
        2 to 3 years                                                                         201                   196
        3 to 4 years                                                                         168                   161
        4 to 5 years                                                                         144                   145
        Later than 5 years                                                                   207                   319

                                                                                           1,306                 1,378




                                                       158
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
  The movements of property and equipment for the year are as follows:

                                   Leasehold                         Buildings                                                   Furniture,
                                    interests           Land      and building        Leasehold                                  fittings &   Construction-
                                      in land   improvements    improvements      improvements          Vehicles     Ferries    equipment       in-progress      Total
                                                                                                   US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1, 2022                   674             370           10,634                7                 66       252          2,334              138     14,475
    Additions                             —               —                  1               —                  1        —               9              109        120
    Adjustments to project costs          —               —                 (7)              —                 (1)       —              —                —           (8)
    Disposals                             —               —               (14)               —                 (1)      (57)          (106)              —        (178)
    Transfers(i)                          —               —                98                —                 —         —              91             (192)         (3)
    Exchange difference                   —               —                  6               —                 —         —              —                 (2)         4

     At December 31, 2022                674             370           10,718                 7                65       195          2,328               53     14,410

    Accumulated depreciation and
      impairment
    At January 1, 2022                  (161)           (145)           (3,745)              (6)              (37)     (217)        (1,687)              —      (5,998)
    Depreciation                         (14)             (5)             (464)              (1)               (9)        (4)         (174)              —        (671)
    Disposals                             —               —                 13               —                  1        49            104               —         167
    Exchange difference                   —               —                 (2)              —                 (1)       —              (1)              —          (4)

    At December 31, 2022                (175)           (150)           (4,198)              (7)              (46)     (172)        (1,758)              —      (6,506)

    Carrying amount
    At December 31, 2022                 499            220             6,520                —                 19        23            570               53      7,904

    Cost
    At January 1, 2023                   674            370            10,718                7                 65       195          2,328               53     14,410
    Additions                             —              —                 30                —                 —         —              45               98        173
    Adjustments to costs(ii)             (14)            —                 —                 —                 (1)       —               1               —         (14)
    Disposals                             —              (1)             (118)               —                 —         —             (61)              (5)      (185)
    Transfers(i)                          —              —                 27                —                 —         —              30              (56)         1
    Exchange difference                   (3)            (1)              (24)               —                 —         —              (6)              —         (34)

     At December 31, 2023                657             368           10,633                 7                64       195          2,337               90     14,351

    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment
    At January 1, 2023                  (175)           (150)           (4,198)              (7)              (46)     (172)        (1,758)              —      (6,506)
    Depreciation                         (14)             (5)             (494)              —                 (8)       (4)          (172)              —        (697)
    Disposals                             —                1               116               —                 —         —              60               —         177
    Exchange difference                    1              —                  9               —                 —         —               4               —          14

    At December 31, 2023                (188)           (154)           (4,567)              (7)              (54)     (176)        (1,866)              —      (7,012)

    Carrying amount
    At December 31, 2023                 469             214            6,066                —                 10        19            471               90      7,339



  (i)       During the year ended December 31, 2023, net transfers from investment properties amounted to US$1 million (2022: net transfers to
            investment properties amount to US$3 million).
  (ii)      During the year ended December 31, 2023, US$14 million adjustment to leasehold interests in land was due to the modification of land
            leases (refer to Note 13(a) for details).


  Interest expense of US$2 million (2022: US$2 million) in Note 7 and other direct costs of US$14 million (2022: US$15
  million) were capitalized for the year ended December 31, 2023.



                                                                                  159
                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)
   With the expiry of VML’s subconcession on December 31, 2022, all of the Gaming Assets, including the casinos, gaming
   areas and respective supporting areas located in Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao, The Londoner
   Macao and The Parisian Macao, with a total area of approximately 136,000 square meters (representing approximately
   4.7% of the total property area) and gaming equipment, reverted to, and are now owned by the Macao government.
   Effective as of January 1, 2023, the Gaming Asset use has been temporarily transferred to VML by the Macao
   government for the duration of the Concession, in return for annual payments for the right to operate the Gaming Assets
   pursuant to the Handover Record.


   The Gaming Assets that reverted to the Macao government on December 31, 2022, and included in the above table,
   consisted of the following:

                                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                                 2022
                                                                                                         US$ in millions
    Building and building improvements                                                                            1,264
    Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                               419

                                                                                                                  1,683
    Less — accumulated depreciation                                                                                (930)

                                                                                                                    753


   As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s property and equipment were not pledged as securities for any liabilities (2022:
   same).




                                                         160
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES
   This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee. For leases where the Group is a lessor, refer to
   Notes 11(b) and 11(c).

   (a) Right-of-use assets
        The movements of right-of-use assets included within “Property and equipment, net” and “Investment properties,
        net” for the year are as follows:

                                                            Property and            Investment
                                                             equipment,              properties,
                                                                   net —                  net —        Property and
                                                               Leasehold              Leasehold          equipment,                   Total
                                                                interests              interests              net —            Right-of-use
                                                                  in land                in land              Other                  assets
                                                                                             US$ millions

          Cost
          At January 1, 2022                                            674                     56                     42                772
          Adjustments to costs                                           —                      —                      (2)                (2)
          End of lease derecognition                                     —                      —                      (2)                (2)
          At December 31, 2022                                          674                     56                     38                768
          Accumulated depreciation
          At January 1, 2022                                           (161)                   (15)                   (25)              (201)
          Depreciation                                                  (14)                    (1)                    (6)               (21)
          End of lease derecognition                                     —                      —                       2                  2
          At December 31, 2022                                         (175)                   (16)                   (29)              (220)
          Carrying amount
          At December 31, 2022                                          499                     40                         9             548
          Cost
          At January 1, 2023                                            674                     56                     38                768
          Additions                                                      —                      —                       3                  3
          Adjustments to costs(i)                                       (14)                    —                      (1)               (15)
          Transfers                                                      —                      —                      (6)                (6)
          End of lease derecognition                                     —                      —                      (3)                (3)
          Exchange difference                                            (3)                    —                      —                  (3)
          At December 31, 2023                                          657                     56                     31                744
          Accumulated depreciation
          At January 1, 2023                                           (175)                   (16)                   (29)              (220)
          Depreciation                                                  (14)                    (2)                    (3)               (19)
          Transfers                                                      —                      —                       6                  6
          End of lease derecognition                                     —                      —                       3                  3
          Exchange difference                                             1                     —                      —                   1
          At December 31, 2023                                         (188)                   (18)                   (23)              (229)
          Carrying amount
          At December 31, 2023                                          469                     38                         8             515

        (i)   Subsequent to the reversion of casino and gaming areas to the Macao government which took effect on December 31, 2022,
              annual rent payable for the land concessions was reduced in accordance with the area reverted. As a result, the Group remeasured
              the lease liabilities based on the revised future payments on January 1, 2023 and recognized a reduction of US$14 million to lease
              liabilities and leasehold interests in land under property and equipment (refer to Note 12), respectively.


                                                                   161
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (a) Right-of-use assets (continued)
       The Group received land concessions from the Macao government to build on the sites on which Sands Macao,
       The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao are located. The Group does
       not own these land sites; however, the land concessions, which have an initial term of 25 years and are renewable
       at the Group’s option, in accordance with Macao law, grant the Group exclusive use of the land. As specified in
       the land concessions, the Group is required to pay premiums for each parcel as well as annual rent for the term
       of the land concessions, which may be revised every five years by the Macao government. The initial land lease
       premiums for all parcels have been fully paid for. The Group anticipates a useful life of 50 years related to these
       land concessions.


   (b) Lease liabilities
       The lease liabilities included within borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                           2023                       2022
                                                                             Notes                         US$ in millions
        Current liabilities — Borrowings                                       22                              15                           15
        Non-current liabilities — Borrowings                                   22                             142                          155

                                                                                                              157                          170


       Note: Prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for details).


       The weighted average effective interest rate of lease liabilities as at December 31, 2023 is 5.2% (2022: 5.0%). The
       maturity analysis of the lease liabilities is presented in Note 27(a)(iii).




                                                                 162
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (c) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement
                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                           US$ in millions
        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets:
          Property and equipment, net — Leasehold interests in land                            14                    14
          Property and equipment, net — Other                                                   3                     6
          Investment properties, net — Leasehold interests in land                              2                     1

                                                                                               19                    21

        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                   8                    8
        Expense relating to variable lease payments                                             8                    —
        Expense relating to short-term leases exempted from recognition                         3                    2

                                                                                               38                    31


       The total cash outflow for leases including interest payments for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$19
       million (2022: US$12 million), which includes short-term lease payments and variable lease payments of US$11
       million in total (2022: US$2 million).


   (d) Extension and termination options and residual value guarantee
       The Group has leases for various real estate (including leasehold interest in land), vehicles and equipment. The
       Group’s leases include options to extend the lease term by one month to 10 years. Land concessions in Macao
       generally have an initial term of 25 years with automatic extensions of 10 years thereafter in accordance with
       Macao law. The Group anticipates a useful life of 50 years related to the land concessions in Macao. Termination
       options are included in property and equipment leases across the Group. These are used to maximize operational
       flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of the termination options
       held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.


       The Group’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive
       covenants.




                                                        163
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
                                                   Computer software
                                                     2023                  2022
                                                     US$ in millions
   Cost
   At January 1                                       170                   157
   Additions                                           14                    14
   Disposals                                           —                      (1)

   At December 31                                     184                   170

   Accumulated amortization
   At January 1                                       (139)                (119)
   Amortization                                        (17)                  (20)
   Disposals                                            —                       1
   Exchange difference                                   1                     (1)

   At December 31                                     (155)                (139)


   Carrying amount
   At December 31                                       29                   31


                                                              Gaming license —
                                                                   Concession
                                                                          2023
                                                                 US$ in millions
   Cost
   At January 1                                                              —
   Additions                                                                498
   Exchange difference                                                       (1)

   At December 31                                                           497


   Accumulated amortization
   At January 1                                                              —
   Amortization                                                             (50)

   At December 31                                                           (50)


   Carrying amount
   At December 31                                                           447




                                     164
                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (CONTINUED)
   Concession
   On December 16, 2022, the Macao government announced the award of six definitive gaming concessions, one of which
   was awarded to VML, a subsidiary of the Company, and on December 16, 2022, VML entered into a ten-year gaming
   concession contract with the Macao government, beginning on January 1, 2023. Under the terms of the Concession,
   VML is required to pay the Macao government an annual gaming premium consisting of a fixed portion and a variable
   portion. The fixed portion of the premium is 30 million patacas (approximately US$4 million). The variable portion is
   300,000 patacas (“VIP table rate”) per gaming table reserved exclusively for certain types of games or players (“VIP
   tables”), 150,000 patacas per gaming table not so reserved (the “mass table rate”) and 1,000 patacas per electrical or
   mechanical gaming machine, including slot machines (approximately US$37,274, US$18,637 and US$124, respectively).

   On December 30, 2022, VML and certain other subsidiaries of the Company agreed to revert certain gaming equipment
   and gaming areas to the Macao government without compensation and free of any liens or charges in accordance
   with, and upon the expiry of, VML’s Subconcession. On the same day, VML and the Macao government entered into a
   Handover Record granting VML the right to operate the reverted gaming equipment and gaming areas for the duration
   of the Concession in consideration for the payment of an annual fee. The annual fee is calculated based on a price per
   square meter of reverted gaming area, being 750 patacas per square meter in the first three years and 2,500 patacas per
   square meter in the subsequent seven years (approximately US$93 and US$311, respectively). The price per square meter
   used to determine the annual fee will be adjusted annually based on Macao’s average price index of the corresponding
   preceding year. The annual fee paid for the year ended December 31, 2023 was US$13 million. The annual fee is
   estimated to be US$13 million for the next two years and US$42 million for the following seven years thereafter, subject
   to the aforementioned adjustment.

   On January 1, 2023, the Company recognized an intangible asset and a related financial liability of 4.0 billion patacas
   (approximately US$497 million), representing the right to operate the gaming equipment and the gaming areas, the right
   to conduct games of chance in Macao and the unconditional obligation to make payments under the Concession. The
   intangible asset and financial liability at inception were measured as the present value of in-substance fixed payments
   over the Concession term, consisting of contractually obligated annual payments of fixed and variable premiums, as
   well as fees associated with the above-described Handover Record. The contractually obligated annual variable premium
   payments associated with the intangible asset were determined using the maximum authorized number of gaming
   tables at the mass table rate and the maximum authorized number of gaming machines that VML is currently allowed
   to operate by the Macao government. The intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the period
   of the Concession, being ten years. The financial liability is measured at amortized cost. Any changes to (i) the rate per
   square meter due to adjustments based on the Macao average price index; (ii) the variable premium due to changes in
   the maximum authorized capacity of gaming tables and slot machines; as well as (iii) the number of VIP tables such that
   payment at the VIP table rate of 300,000 patacas (approximately US$37,274) per gaming table in excess of the mass table
   rate will be expensed in the consolidated income statement. In the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, the non-
   current portion of the financial liability is included in “Trade and other payables — non-current” and the current portion
   is included in “Trade and other payables — current”.


   Subconcession
   On June 23, 2022, an extension to the Subconcession was approved and authorized by the Macao government and
   executed between VML and Galaxy, pursuant to which the Subconcession was extended from June 26, 2022 to
   December 31, 2022. 47 million patacas (approximately US$6 million at exchange rates in effect on date of transaction)
   was paid to the Macao government for the extension which was recognized as an intangible asset and was fully
   amortized during the year ended December 31, 2022.



                                                          165
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off and when the deferred
   income taxes relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable
   entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.


   The movements of the deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                               Accelerated
                                                                                                              depreciation
                                                                                                                allowance
                                                                                                             US$ in millions
    At January 1, 2022                                                                                                  (54)
    Credit for the year                                                                                                   9

    At December 31, 2022                                                                                                (45)
    Credit for the year                                                                                                   8

    At December 31, 2023                                                                                                (37)


   Deferred tax assets are recognized for tax loss carryforwards to the extent realization of the related tax benefit through
   future taxable profits is probable. The unrecognized deferred income tax assets in respect of losses that can be carried
   forward against future taxable income are as follows:

                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                                               US$ in millions
    Arising from unused tax losses                                                               400                    481


   As at December 31, 2023, subject to the agreement by tax authorities, out of the total unrecognized tax losses of
   approximately US$3,283 million (2022: US$3,956 million), an amount of approximately US$140 million (2022: US$146
   million) can be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining amount of approximately US$3,143 million (2022: US$3,810
   million), will expire in one to three years (2022: same).




                                                           166
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                     Notes                     US$ in millions
   Trade receivables                                                                             323                 204
   Less: provision for expected credit losses                                                   (101)               (123)

   Trade receivables, net                                            16(a)                       222                  81

   Deferred rent                                                                                   67                 64
   Less: amortization of deferred rent                                                            (28)               (33)
   Prepayments                                                                                     61                 45
   Other receivables                                                 16(b)                          8                 12

   Trade and other receivables and prepayments, net                                              330                 169

   Less: non-current portion:
           deferred rent                                                                          (25)               (19)
           prepayments and other receivables                                                       (9)                 (5)

                                                                                                  (34)               (24)

   Current portion                                                                               296                 145


  (a) Trade receivables, net
       The aging analysis of trade receivables, net of provision for expected credit losses, is as follows:

                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                               US$ in millions
         0–30 days                                                                               155                  34
         31–60 days                                                                               17                   6
         61–90 days                                                                                8                   6
         Over 90 days                                                                             42                  35

                                                                                                 222                  81


       Trade receivables are measured at amortized cost and their carrying value is approximately equivalent to their fair
       value on each balance sheet date. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the fair value of trade receivables on each
       balance sheet date.


       As at January 1, 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$116 million.




                                                          167
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
    (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade receivables, net (continued)
      Trade receivables primarily consist of casino, mall and hotel receivables. The Group extends credit to approved
      patrons following background checks and investigations of creditworthiness. Business or economic conditions, the
      legal enforceability of gaming debts, or other significant events in foreign countries could affect the collectability of
      receivables from patrons residing in these countries.


      Absent special approval, the credit period granted to selected premium and mass market players is typically 7–15
      days. The Group generally does not charge interest for credit granted, but requires a personal check or other
      acceptable forms of security.


      The credit extended to premium players can be offset by the commissions payable to and front money deposited
      by these patrons, which is considered in the establishment of the provision for expected credit losses. As at
      December 31, 2023, a gross amount of casino receivables of US$257 million (2022: US$146 million), was offset
      by commissions payable and front money deposits in an aggregate amount of US$54 million (2022: US$4 million),
      resulting in net amounts of casino receivables before provision for expected credit losses of US$203 million (2022:
      US$142 million).


      The Group maintains a provision for expected credit losses on casino, mall and hotel receivables and regularly
      evaluates the balances. The Group specifically analyzes the collectability of each account with a significant balance,
      based upon the aging of the account, the customer’s estimated financial condition, collection history and any other
      known information, and the Group makes an allowance for trade receivables. The Group also monitors regional
      and global economic conditions and forecasts in its evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded provisions. Table
      games play is primarily cash play, as credit play represented approximately 10.6% of total table games play for
      the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: 9.8%). There is a concentration of credit risk related to net casino
      receivables as 31.3% (2022: 76.1%) of the casino receivables as at December 31, 2023 were from the top five
      customers. Other than casino receivables, there are no other concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade
      receivables. The Group believes the concentration of its credit risk in casino receivables is mitigated substantially by
      its credit evaluation process, credit policies, credit control and collection procedures, and also believes that there are
      no concentrations of credit risk for which a provision has not been established as at December 31, 2023 and 2022.
      Although management believes the provision is adequate, it is possible the estimated amount of cash collections
      with respect to casino receivables could change.




                                                          168
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
    (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade receivables, net (continued)
                                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                         2023                      2022
                                                                                                         US$ in millions
         Trade receivables before provision for expected credit losses                                     323                       204
         Represented by:
           amounts not overdue (current)                                                                   139                        28
           amounts past due(i)                                                                             184                       176
         Represented by amounts assessed for ECL:
           individual account characteristics                                                              139                        71
           under a provision matrix(ii)                                                                    184                       133


      (i)    Amounts past due of US$165 million (2022: US$139 million) included in the above relates to casino receivables.


      (ii)   As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its customers because
             these remaining customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk characteristics representative of the
             customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms.




                                                                169
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
    (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade receivables, net (continued)
      As at December 31, 2023, included in total trade receivables before provision of expected credit losses above were
      casino receivables of US$203 million (2022: US$142 million), of which US$165 million (2022: US$109 million) were
      assessed under a provision matrix within lifetime ECL, as set out below.

       Provision’s matrix —                                                                   December 31,
       aging of casino receivables                       Expected loss rate                   2023                    2022
                                                                                               US$ in millions
       Current (not past due)                                           —                         37                      3
       1–90 days past due                                          2%–10%                         32                      6
       91–360 days past due                                       15%–25%                         24                     17
       More than 360 days past due                               50%–100%                         72                     83

                                                                                                165                     109


      The expected loss rates of the casino receivables are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the
      expected life of the receivable balance and forward-looking information available without undue cost or effort. The
      grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.


      The credit risk of mall receivables are all individually assessed and the receivables for hotel and other operations and
      related credit risk are not material.


      The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under the
      simplified approach.

                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                              2023                    2022
                                                                                              US$ in millions
       At beginning of year                                                                     123                    125
       (Recovery of)/provision for expected credit losses, net                                    (5)                    3
       Amounts written-off                                                                      (17)                    (5)

       At end of year                                                                           101                     123


      Provision for expected credit losses related to casino receivables as at December 31, 2023 was US$96 million (2022:
      US$117 million).


  (b) Other receivables
      Other receivables are measured at amortized cost and their carrying value is approximately equivalent to their
      fair value on each balance sheet date, which also represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at
      December 31, 2023. As at December 31, 2023, the provision for expected credit losses for other receivables was
      US$2 million (2022: US$2 million). During the year ended December 31, 2023, no amounts were charged to the
      provision account (2022: nil) or written off (2022: nil).


                                                         170
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND BANK DEPOSIT
  Bank guarantee requirement per the Concession Contract
  As required by the Concession, on December 7, 2022, VML provided the Macao government with a bank guarantee
  in the amount of 1.0 billion patacas (approximately US$125 million at exchange rates as defined therein) to secure the
  performance of VML’s statutory and contractual Concession obligations. In accordance with its terms and in order to
  secure the bank guarantee, VML is required to maintain a minimum of 1.0 billion patacas, or US$125 million, as a cash
  deposit in its bank accounts. Prior to January 3, 2023, the guarantee was secured by cash held on deposit by VCL. The
  bank guarantee must remain in effect until 180 days after the end of the term or the rescission of the Concession. The
  cash on deposit securing the guarantee is classified as a non-current restricted bank deposit in the consolidated balance
  sheet.


  Bank guarantee requirement for the Subconcession Extension Contract
  As required by the Subconcession Extension Contract, on September 20, 2022, VML provided the Macao government
  with a 2.31 billion patacas (approximately US$289 million at exchange rates as defined therein) bank guarantee to secure
  the performance of VML’s payment obligations towards its employees after the expiration of its Subconcession, should
  VML be unsuccessful in tendering for a new concession. In accordance with its terms and in order to secure the bank
  guarantee, SCL was required to maintain a minimum cash balance of 2.31 billion patacas, or US$289 million, in its bank
  accounts. On December 19, 2022, VML requested the release of all bank guarantees provided to the Macao government
  under its Subconcession, and in January 2023 such bank guarantees were released, including the 2.31 billion patacas
  bank guarantee.


  Restriction on use of share capital of VML
  As required by the Concession Contract and the Gaming Law, the minimum share capital of the Concessionaire of 5
  billion patacas (approximately US$623 million at exchange rate on December 31, 2022) may not be used or cancelled
  prior to the start of its business on January 1, 2023. As such, 5 billion patacas (approximately US$623 million at exchange
  rate on December 31, 2022) was restricted as at December 31, 2022 and became available to VML to deploy from
  January 1, 2023.


18. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                              US$ in millions
   Cash on hand                                                                                 248                    108
   Cash at bank                                                                                 246                    130
   Short-term bank deposits                                                                     867                    552

                                                                                              1,361                    790


  Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost and the carrying value of cash equivalents is approximately
  equivalent to their fair value as at December 31, 2023 (2022: same). The estimated fair value of the Group’s cash and
  cash equivalents is based on level 1 inputs (quoted market prices in active markets) (2022: same). The maximum credit
  exposure of cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at December 31, 2023 amounted to US$1.11 billion (2022:
  US$682 million).




                                                          171
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                Ordinary shares
                                                                                of US$0.01 each         US$ in millions
    Authorized
    At January 1, 2022, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023                   16,000,000,000                     160


    Issued and fully paid:
    At January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022                                       8,093,188,866                      81
    Shares issued upon exercise of share options                                         190,700                      —

    At December 31, 2023                                                           8,093,379,566                      81


20. RESERVES
   The amount of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are set out in the
   consolidated statement of changes in equity.


   (a) Capital reserve
        The capital reserve represents the combined share premium of Venetian Venture Development Intermediate Limited
        (“VVDIL”) and Cotai Services (HK) Limited.


   (b) Statutory reserve
        The statutory reserve represents amounts set aside from the income statement that are not distributable to
        Shareholders/quotaholders of the group companies incorporated.


        The Macao Commercial Code #432 requires that companies incorporated in Macao that are limited by shares
        should set aside a minimum of 10% of the company’s profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until the balance
        of the reserve reaches a level equivalent to 25% of the company’s capital.


        For companies incorporated in Macao that are limited by quotas, the Macao Commercial Code #377 requires that
        a company should set aside a minimum of 25% of the company’s profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until
        the balance of the reserve reaches a level equivalent to 50% of the company’s capital.




                                                         172
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                                                2023                    2022
                                                                                 Notes                          US$ in millions
    Trade payables                                                                21(a)                            47                      23
    Gaming license liability(i)                                                                                   481                      —
    Customer deposits and other deferred revenue                                  21(b)                           403                     350
    Other tax payables                                                                                            267                      69
    Accrued employee benefit expenses                                                                             178                     162
    Interest payables                                                                                             122                     129
    Outstanding chip liability                                                    21(b)                            97                      49
    Construction payables and accruals                                                                             54                      86
    Interest payable related to LVS Term Loan                                   25(a)(iii)                         25                      28
    Payables to related companies                                                25(b)                             24                       8
    Casino liabilities                                                                                             22                      15
    Loyalty program liability                                                     21(b)                            21                      25
    Other payables and accruals                                                                                    99                      54

                                                                                                                1,840                     998
    Less: non-current portion                                                                                    (541)                     (91)

    Current portion                                                                                             1,299                     907


  Note: Certain prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for details).


  (i)    The balance represents the present value of future contractual payments under the Concession relating to the right to operate the gaming
         equipment and the gaming areas and the right to conduct games of chance in Macao, consisting of a non-current liability of US$448
         million and a current liability of US$33 million as at December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 14 for further details.


  Trade and other payables are measured at amortized cost and the carrying amount is approximately equivalent to their
  fair value as at each balance sheet date.




                                                                     173
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade payables
      The aging analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                           2023                          2022
                                                                                                           US$ in millions
        0–30 days                                                                                               39                         18
        31–60 days                                                                                               4                          4
        61–90 days                                                                                               3                          1
        Over 90 days                                                                                             1                         —

                                                                                                                47                         23


  (b) Contract and contract related liabilities
      The Group provides numerous products and services to its customers. There is often a timing difference between
      the cash payment by the customers and recognition of revenue for each of the associated performance obligations.
      The Group has the following main types of liabilities associated with contracts with customers: (1) outstanding chip
      liability, (2) loyalty program liability, and (3) customer deposits and other deferred revenue for gaming and non-
      gaming products and services yet to be provided.


      The outstanding chip liability represents the collective amounts owed to gaming promoters and patrons in
      exchange for gaming chips in their possession. Outstanding chips are expected to be recognized as revenue or
      redeemed for cash within one year of being purchased. The loyalty program liability represents a deferral of revenue
      until patron redemption of points earned. The loyalty program points are expected to be redeemed and recognized
      as revenue within one year of being earned. Customer deposits and other deferred revenue represent cash deposits
      made by customers for future services provided by the Group. With the exception of mall deposits, which typically
      extend beyond a year based on the terms of the lease, the majority of these customer deposits and other deferred
      revenue are expected to be recognized as revenue or refunded to the customer within one year of the date the
      deposit was recorded.


      The following table summarizes the liability activity related to contracts with customers:

                                                 Outstanding chip                 Loyalty program       Customer deposits and
                                                     liability                        liability        other deferred revenue(i)
                                                   2023        2022                 2023          2022       2023        2022
                                                                                    US$ in millions
        Balance at January 1                            49              65               25              26             350               401
        Balance at December 31                          97              49               21              25             403               350

        Increase/(decrease)                             48              (16)             (4)              (1)             53              (51)


      (i)   Of this amount, US$137 million, US$122 million and US$118 million as at December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022, and January
            1, 2022, respectively, relates to mall deposits that are accounted for based on lease terms usually greater than one year.




                                                                174
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                                             2023                       2022
                                                                                Note                         US$ in millions
    Non-current portion
    Senior Notes                                                                                             7,150                      7,150
    LVS Term Loan(i)                                                           25(a)(iii)                    1,061                      1,000
    Lease liabilities                                                                                          142                        155
    Other borrowings                                                                                            —                           1

                                                                                                             8,353                      8,306
    Less: deferred financing costs                                                                             (41)                        (51)

                                                                                                             8,312                      8,255

    Current portion
    Bank loans                                                                                                   —                      1,958
    Lease liabilities                                                                                            15                        15
    Other borrowings                                                                                              1                         1

                                                                                                                 16                     1,974
    Less: deferred financing costs                                                                               —                         (10)

                                                                                                                 16                     1,964

    Total borrowings                                                                                         8,328                    10,219


  Note: Certain prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for details).


  (i)    US$61 million of interest was capitalized to principal due to payment-in-kind election for semi-annual interest payments due in January
         2023 and July 2023.




                                                                   175
                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Borrowings are measured at amortized cost.


  Senior Notes
  On August 9, 2018, the Company issued, in a private offering, three series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$5.50 billion, consisting of US$1.80 billion of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023 (the
  “2023 Senior Notes”), US$1.80 billion of 5.125% Senior Notes due August 8, 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”) and
  US$1.90 billion of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8, 2028 (the “2028 Senior Notes”). A portion of the net proceeds
  from the offering was used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under the 2016 VML Credit Facility. The 2023
  Senior Notes were redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2021, as noted below. There are no interim principal
  payments on the 2025 or 2028 Senior Notes and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each February 8 and
  August 8, commencing on February 8, 2019.


  On June 4, 2020, the Company issued, in a private offering, two series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$1.50 billion, consisting of US$800 million of 3.800% Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 (the
  “2026 Senior Notes”) and US$700 million of 4.375% Senior Notes due June 18, 2030 (the “2030 Senior Notes”). The
  net proceeds from the offering were used for incremental liquidity and general corporate purposes. There are no interim
  principal payments on the 2026 or 2030 Senior Notes and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 8 and
  July 8, commencing on January 8, 2021, with respect to the 2026 Senior Notes, and on June 18 and December 18,
  commencing on December 18, 2020, with respect to the 2030 Senior Notes.


  On September 23, 2021, the Company issued in a private offering three series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$1.95 billion, consisting of US$700 million of 2.300% Senior Notes due March 8, 2027 (the
  “2027 Senior Notes”), US$650 million of 2.850% Senior Notes due March 8, 2029 (the “2029 Senior Notes”) and
  US$600 million of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031 (the “2031 Senior Notes” and, together with the 2023
  Senior Notes, 2025 Senior Notes, 2026 Senior Notes, 2027 Senior Notes, 2028 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes, 2030
  Senior Notes, the “Senior Notes”). The Company used the net proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to redeem
  in full the outstanding principal amount of its US$1.80 billion 4.600% Senior Notes due 2023, any accrued interest and
  the associated make-whole premium as determined under the related senior notes indenture dated as of August 9, 2018.


  The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Each series of notes rank equally in right of payment
  with all of the Company’s existing and future senior unsecured debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the
  Company’s future subordinated debt, if any. The Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of
  the Company’s future secured debt (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt) and will be structurally
  subordinated to all of the liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries. None of the Company’s subsidiaries guarantee the
  Senior Notes.


  The 2023, 2025 and 2028 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated August 9, 2018 (the “2018
  Indenture”), the 2026 and 2030 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated June 4, 2020 (the “2020
  Indenture”) and the 2027, 2029 and 2031 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated September
  23, 2021 (the “2021 Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Upon the
  occurrence of certain events described in these indentures, the interest rate on the Senior Notes may be adjusted. The
  indentures contain covenants, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications, that limit the ability of the Company
  and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge,
  sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets on a consolidated basis. The indentures also
  provide for customary events of default.

                                                          176
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Senior Notes (continued)
  On February 16 and June 16, 2022, S&P and Fitch, respectively, downgraded the credit rating for the Company to BB+.
  As a result of the downgrades, the coupon on each series of the outstanding Senior Notes increased by 0.50% per
  annum, with a 0.25% per annum increase becoming effective on the first interest payment date after February 16, 2022
  as it relates to the S&P downgrade and an additional 0.25% increase per annum after June 16, 2022 as it relates to the
  Fitch downgrade. The downgrades resulted in an increase of US$16 million and US$30 million in interest expense for the
  years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively.


  On July 26, 2023, S&P upgraded the credit rating for the Company to BBB-. On February 1, 2024, Fitch also upgraded
  the credit rating for the Company to the same rating. As a result of the upgrades, the coupon on each series of the
  outstanding Senior Notes decreased by 0.25% per annum effective on the first interest payment date after July 26, 2023
  as it relates to the S&P upgrade and 0.25% per annum effective on the first interest payment date after February 1, 2024
  as it relates to the Fitch upgrade.


  The weighted average interest rate for the Senior Notes was 4.8% for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: 4.6%).


  The estimated fair value of the Group’s Senior Notes as at December 31, 2023 was approximately US$6.75 billion (2022:
  US$6.58 billion). The estimated fair value of the Group’s Senior Notes is based on recent trades, if available, and indicative
  pricing from market information (level 2 inputs).


  2018 SCL Credit Facility
  On November 20, 2018, the Company entered into a facility agreement with the arrangers and lenders named therein
  and Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch, as agent for the lenders (the “2018 SCL Credit Facility”), pursuant to which
  the lenders made available a US$2.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility to SCL (the “2018 SCL Revolving Facility”).
  The facility was available until July 31, 2023, prior to being extended to July 31, 2025 (see below for details). The
  Company may draw loans under the facility, which may consist of general revolving loans (consisting of a United States
  dollar component and a Hong Kong dollar component) or loans drawn under a swing-line loan sub-facility (denominated
  in either United States dollars or Hong Kong dollars). The Company may utilize the loans for general corporate purposes
  and working capital requirements of the Company and its subsidiaries.


  Loans under the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility bear interest calculated by reference to (1) in the case of general revolving
  loans denominated in United States dollars, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), (2) in the case of loans
  denominated in United States dollars drawn under the swing-line loan sub-facility, a United States dollar alternate base
  rate (determined by reference to, among other things, the United States dollar prime lending rate and the Federal Funds
  Effective Rate), (3) in the case of general revolving loans denominated in Hong Kong dollars, the Hong Kong Interbank
  Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) or (4) in the case of loans denominated in Hong Kong dollars drawn under the swing-line loan
  sub-facility, a Hong Kong dollar alternate base rate (determined by reference to, among other things, the Hong Kong
  dollar prime lending rate), in each case, plus a margin that is determined by reference to the consolidated leverage ratio
  as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility. The initial margin for general revolving loans is 2.0% per annum and the
  initial margin for loans drawn under the swing-line loan sub-facility is 1.0% per annum. SCL is also required to pay a
  commitment fee of 0.60% per annum on the undrawn amounts under the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility.




                                                           177
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  The 2018 SCL Credit Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants customary for similar unsecured financings,
  including, but not limited to, limitations on indebtedness secured by liens on principal properties and sale and leaseback
  transactions. The 2018 SCL Credit Facility also requires the Company to maintain a maximum ratio of total indebtedness
  to adjusted EBITDA of 4.0x throughout the life of the facility and a minimum ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net interest
  expense (including capitalized interest) of 2.5x throughout the life of the facility.


  On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment request letter (the “Waiver Letter”) with
  respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders (a) waived the requirements
  for the Company to comply with the requirements that the Company ensures the maximum consolidated leverage
  ratio does not exceed 4.0x and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 2.5x for any quarterly period ending
  during the period beginning on, and including, January 1, 2020 and ending on, and including, July 1, 2021 (the “SCL
  Relevant Period”) (other than with respect to the financial year ended on December 31, 2019); (b) waived any default
  that may arise as a result of any breach of said requirements during the SCL Relevant Period (other than with respect to
  the financial year ended on December 31, 2019); and (c) extended the period of time during which the Company may
  supply the agent with (i) its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on December 31, 2019,
  to April 30, 2020; and (ii) its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ending on December 31,
  2020, to April 30, 2021. Pursuant to the Waiver Letter, the Company agreed to pay a customary fee to the lenders that
  consented.


  On September 11, 2020, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Waiver
  Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders agreed
  to (a) extend the SCL Relevant Period such that it ends on, and includes, January 1, 2022 instead of July 1, 2021; and
  (b) amend and restate the 2018 SCL Credit Facility in the form attached to the Waiver Extension Letter, which contains
  the following amendments: (1) it provides the Company with the option to increase the total borrowing capacity by an
  aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (2) it imposes a restriction on the ability of the Company to declare or
  make any dividend payment or similar distribution at any time during the period from (and including) July 1, 2020 to
  (and including) January 1, 2022, if at such time (x) the total borrowing capacity exceeds US$2.0 billion by operation of
  the increase referred to above; and (y) the maximum consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving
  effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such
  date; and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments
  under other credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion. Pursuant to the Waiver Extension Letter, the
  Company agreed to pay a customary fee to the lenders that consented.


  On January 25, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with lenders to increase commitments under the 2018
  SCL Credit Facility by HK$3.83 billion (approximately US$490 million).




                                                         178
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  On July 7, 2021, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Third Waiver
  Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders agreed
  to (a) extend by one year to (and including) January 1, 2023, the waiver period for the requirement for the Company to
  comply with the requirements that the Company ensures the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the
  consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x as at the last day of the financial quarter; (b) extend the period
  of time during which SCL may supply the agent with its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year
  ending on December 31, 2021 to April 30, 2022; and (c) extend by one year to (and including) January 1, 2023, the
  period during which SCL’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or similar distribution is restricted if at such
  time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s
  exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (y) the
  consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate
  amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such date; and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility
  under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments under other credit facilities of SCL is greater than US$2.0
  billion. Pursuant to the Third Waiver Extension Letter, the Company paid a customary fee to the lenders that consented.


  On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Fourth
  Waiver Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders
  agreed to (a) extend to (and including) July 31, 2023, the waiver period for the requirement for the Company to
  comply with the requirements that the Company ensure the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the
  consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x as at the last day of any financial quarter; (b) extend to (and
  including) July 31, 2023, the period during which the Company’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or
  similar distribution is restricted if at such time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility)
  exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate
  amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (y) the consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to
  such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such date; and (ii)
  the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments under other
  credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion; and (c) incorporate provisions to address the transition of
  the LIBOR to a term SOFR reference rate. Pursuant to the Fourth Waiver Extension Letter, the Company paid a customary
  fee to the lenders that consented.




                                                           179
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  On May 11, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated facility agreement (the “A&R Facility
  Agreement”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders have, (a)
  effective July 31, 2023, extended the termination date for the HK$ commitments and US$ commitments of the lenders
  that consented to the waivers and amendments in the A&R Facility Agreement (the “Extending Lenders”) from July 31,
  2023 to July 31, 2025; (b) extended to (and including) January 1, 2024, the waiver period for the Company to comply
  with the requirements to ensure (i) the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and (ii) the consolidated
  interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x; (c) amended the definition of consolidated total debt such that it excludes
  any financial indebtedness that is subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the A&R
  Facility Agreement (including the US$1.0 billion LVS Term Loan); (d) amended the maximum permitted consolidated
  leverage ratio as of the last day of each of the financial quarters ending March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, September 30,
  2024, December 31, 2024, and subsequent financial quarters to be 6.25x, 5.5x, 5.0x, 4.5x, and 4.0x, respectively; and
  (e) extended to (and including) January 1, 2025, the period during which the Company’s ability to declare or make any
  dividend payment or similar distribution is restricted if at such time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the A&R
  Facility Agreement) exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments
  by an aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion and (y) the consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after
  giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such
  date and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the A&R Facility Agreement and unused commitments
  under other credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion. Pursuant to the A&R Facility Agreement, the
  Company paid a customary fee of US$31 million to the Extending Lenders.


  The Extending Lenders’ HK$ commitments total HK$17.63 billion (approximately US$2.25 billion at exchange rates
  in effect on May 11, 2023) and US$ commitments total US$237 million, which together represent 100% of the total
  available commitments under the A&R Facility Agreement.


  The 2018 SCL Credit Facility also contains certain events of default (some of which are subject to grace and remedy
  periods and materiality qualifiers), including, but not limited to, events relating to SCL’s gaming operations and the loss
  or termination of certain land concession contracts.


  During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company fully repaid a total of US$1.95 billion under the 2018 SCL
  Credit Facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company drew a total of US$1.20 billion to fulfill the
  Concession Contract requirements and incremental liquidity. The weighted average interest rate for the 2018 SCL Credit
  Facility was 6.3% for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: 4.3%)


  As at December 31, 2023, the Company had US$2.49 billion of available borrowing capacity under the 2018 SCL Credit
  Facility comprised of HK$ commitments of HK$17.63 billion (approximately US$2.26 billion) and US$ commitments of
  US$237 million (2022: US$541 million available borrowing capacity comprised of HK$ commitments of HK$3.82 billion
  (approximately US$490 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2022) and US$ commitments of US$51
  million).


  As at December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the bank loans relating to the 2018 SCL Credit Facility was
  approximately equivalent to its carrying value based on indicative pricing from market information (level 2 inputs).




                                                          180
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  LVS Term Loan
  On July 11, 2022, the Company entered into an intercompany term loan agreement with our Controlling Shareholder,
  LVS, in the amount of US$1.0 billion, which is repayable on July 11, 2028. In the first two years from July 11, 2022, the
  Company will have the option to elect to pay cash interest at 5.0% per annum or payment-in-kind interest at 6.0% per
  annum by adding the amount of such interest to the then-outstanding principal amount of the loan, following which only
  cash interest at 5.0% per annum will be payable.


  For the year ended December 31, 2023, US$61 million of interest was capitalized to principal as the Company elected
  payment-in-kind interest for the semi-annual interest payments due in January 2023 and July 2023. The Company
  elected cash interest payments commencing July 11, 2023, resulting in a reduction in interest rate from 6.0% to 5.0%.
  This loan is unsecured and subordinated to all third party unsecured indebtedness and other obligations of the Group.


  The estimated fair value of the LVS Term Loan is approximately equivalent to its carrying value based on its yield
  expectation which has not changed materially since inception. The LVS Term Loan is not freely tradable and the fair value
  measurement is based on level 3 inputs (2022: Same).




                                                         181
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
  The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
  cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be,
  classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                        Net                     Gaming
                                            Senior       Bank           Lease       interest      LVS Term        license        Other
                                             Notes      loans     liabilities(i) payables(i),(ii)      Loan    liability(i) borrowings        Total
                                                                                         US$ in millions
     Balance as at January 1, 2022           7,150        753            173            109             —            —               3       8,188
     Financing cash flows                       —       1,200            (10)          (366)         1,000           —              (1)      1,823
     Non-cash changes:
        Interest accruals                       —           —              8            414             —            —              —          422
        Amortization                            —           —             —              —              —            —              —           —
        Foreign exchange movement               —           5             (1)            —              —            —              —            4

    Balance as at December 31,
       2022                                  7,150       1,958           170            157          1,000           —               2      10,437
    Financing cash flows                        —       (1,948)           (8)          (419)            —           (46)            (1)     (2,422)
    Non-cash changes:
       Accrual on initial recognition           —           —              3             —              —           498             —          501
       Interest accruals                        —           —              8            469             —            31             —          508
       Amortization                             —           —             —              —              —            —              —           —
       Modification of leases                   —           —            (14)            —              —            —              —          (14)
       Capitalization of interest               —           —             —             (61)            61           —              —           —
       Foreign exchange movement                —          (10)           (2)             1             —            (2)            —          (13)

    Balance as at December 31,
      2023                                   7,150          —            157            147          1,061          481              1       8,997

  The table above excludes deferred financing costs as these are upfront transaction costs capitalized at inception to be
  amortized over the term of the borrowings.

  Note: Certain prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for details).


  (i)     Financing cash flows of lease liabilities and gaming license liability include an interest portion of US$1 million (2022: US$1 million) and
          US$17 million, respectively (2022: nil). The interest portions were included within “Interest paid” in the consolidated statement of cash
          flow.


  (ii)    As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, net interest payables includes the net of interest payables and receivables related to cross currency
          swaps. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, cash flows from net interest payables includes the net of interest income
          received and interest payment made related to cross currency swaps.




                                                                     182
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23. NOTE TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
  Cash generated from/(used in) operations is as follows:


                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                            US$ in millions
   Profit/(loss) before income tax                                          741             (1,588)
   Adjustments for:
     Interest income                                                        (48)               (19)
     Interest and other finance costs                                       506               420
     Depreciation and amortization                                          809               750
     Amortization of deferred financing costs                                26                 24
     Amortization of deferred rent                                           12                 12
     Amortization of other assets                                             2                  3
     Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
      investment properties and intangible assets                              8                 2
     (Recovery of)/provision for expected credit losses, net                  (5)                4
     Equity-settled share-based compensation expense,
      net of amounts capitalized                                              5                   5
     Fair value (gain)/loss on derivative financial instruments              (1)                  1
     Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                     11                  (5)
   Changes in working capital:
     Other assets                                                            (24)                 8
     Inventories                                                              (7)                (4)
     Trade and other receivables and prepayments                            (145)               26
     Trade and other payables                                                403              (105)

   Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                2,293              (466)




                                                          183
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  (a) Capital commitments
      Capital expenditure on property and equipment contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not
      recognized as liabilities is as follows:


                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                             US$ in millions
       Contracted but not provided for                                                         510                     72


  (b) Litigation
      The Group has contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. Management has made estimates
      for potential litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual results could differ from these
      estimates; however, in the opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a material adverse
      effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.


  (c) Macao Concession
      Committed Investment
      Under the Concession, VML is obligated to develop certain gaming and non-gaming investment projects by
      December 2032 in connection with, among others, attraction of international visitors, conventions and exhibitions,
      entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness and themed attractions, as well as
      support Macao’s position as a city of gastronomy and increase community and maritime tourism, and VML is
      required to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.76 billion), including
      27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.45 billion) on non-gaming projects. Pursuant to the Concession,
      VML is required to increase its investment in non-gaming projects by 20% as Macao’s annual gross gaming
      revenue exceeded 180 billion patacas (approximately US$22.36 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2023.
      Consequently, VML is required to invest, or cause to be invested, an additional 5.56 billion patacas (approximately
      US$691 million) in non-gaming investment projects by December 2032.


  (d) Construction labor
      In recent years, the Group has utilized an imported construction labor quota granted by the Labour Affairs Bureau
      of the Macao government for purposes of completing outstanding areas within The Londoner Macao and The
      Parisian Macao project and for additions and alterations works in The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
      The Londoner Macao (the “Group Quota”). The Group Quota was renewed in 2023 but the number of laborers
      authorized thereunder decreased significantly due to the completion of the renovation and refurbishment works at
      The Londoner Macao. From 2018 until June 2021, BCA (Macau) Limited was retained to manage the Group Quota
      on behalf and at the direction of the Group. The Group has been managing the Group Quota directly since July
      2021.The Group Quota alone has historically not provided for sufficient numbers of staff and labor to complete
      construction works, and the shortfall has been covered by separate labor quotas applied by and awarded directly
      to the contractors by the Labour Affairs Bureau of the Macao government (the “Contractor Quota”).




                                                        184
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)
  (d) Construction labor (continued)
        In accordance with Macao labor law, the Group remains primarily liable for the fulfilment of all employer legal
        obligations and for the costs associated with persons employed under the Group Quota, including where such
        persons are seconded to contractors. Contractors utilizing seconded labor under the Group Quota are contractually
        obligated to reimburse and indemnify the Group for any and all costs incurred as a result of the secondment
        arrangement. In addition, the Group has the right to recover such costs against any amounts due to the contractors.
        Although the Group is not directly liable, it may be held vicariously liable for payments under the Contractor Quota
        if contractors working on the Group’s development projects fail to pay wages. The Group maintains a contingency
        in case it is unable to fully recover amounts owed to construction labor from contractors in such circumstances.


25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the party
  has the ability, directly or indirectly, to exercise significant influence over the Group in making financial and operating
  decisions, or vice versa. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel, significant
  Shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities, and include entities which are under the significant
  influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals. The Group’s immediate holding company
  is VVDI (II). LVS is the Group’s ultimate holding company. Related companies represent the group companies of the LVS
  Group.

  Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with
  related parties during the year:


  (a) Transactions during the year
        (i)   Management fee income
                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                             US$ in millions
               LVS                                                                                1                      2
               Fellow subsidiaries                                                                6                      6

                                                                                                  7                      8

              The Group provides managements services to LVS Group companies. These services include, but are not
              limited to, accounting services, information technology support, sourcing of goods and services, and design,
              development and construction consultancy services and marketing services. Management fees are charged at
              actual costs incurred or on a cost-plus basis.




                                                          185
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Transactions during the year (continued)
      (ii)   Management fee cost

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                           US$ in millions
              LVS                                                                              27                    16
              Fellow subsidiaries                                                               6                     2

                                                                                               33                    18

             LVS Group companies provide management services to the Group. These services include, but are not limited
             to, human resources support, information technology support, accounting services, sourcing of goods
             and services, sourcing of tenants for the malls, transportation services, other various types of marketing
             and promotion activities for the Group, and design, development and construction consultancy services.
             Management fees are charged at actual costs incurred or on a cost-plus basis.


             The total management fee expense of US$33 million during the year ended December 31, 2023 was before
             the capitalization to construction-in-progress of US$1 million (2022: US$18 million before the capitalization
             to construction-in-progress of US$1 million). The net amount expensed in the consolidated income statement
             was US$32 million (2022: US$17 million) (Refer to Note 6).


      (iii) LVS Term Loan
             For details of the LVS Term Loan, refer to Note 22. For interest expense incurred and interest payable due to
             LVS, refer to Notes 7 and 21.


      (iv) Key management personnel remuneration
             No transactions have been entered into with the Directors of the Company (being the key management
             personnel) during the year ended December 31, 2023 other than the emoluments paid to them (being the
             key management personnel remuneration) as disclosed in Note 5 (2022: same).




                                                        186
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Transactions during the year (continued)
      (v)   Royalty fees
            In November 2009, the Group entered into an agreement with Las Vegas Sands, LLC (“LVS LLC”), a wholly-
            owned subsidiary of LVS incorporated in the United States of America, for the use of the licensed marks as
            defined in the agreement (“Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement”). For each of the full fiscal years
            through the full fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, the Group paid LVS LLC an annual royalty at the
            rate of 1.5% of total gross non-gaming revenue and Paiza-related gaming revenue of Sands Macao, 1.5%
            of total gross revenue of The Venetian Macao, and 1.5% of the total gross gaming revenue of the Plaza
            Casino at The Plaza Macao (the “Relevant Royalty”), provided that the total royalty payable in connection
            with these three properties in each fiscal year was capped at US$20 million per full fiscal year. For each of the
            subsequent full fiscal years until the expiration of the remaining term on December 31, 2022, the Group paid
            an annual royalty being the lesser of the Relevant Royalty or the annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0%
            for each subsequent year. Each subsequent Casino Gaming property the Group operates which utilizes any
            of the licensed marks in connection with generating the relevant revenue paid for each of the first three full
            fiscal calendar years after commencement of operations of each subsequent property, a royalty fee of 1.5%
            of the respective gross revenues of the operations in connection with which such licensed marks are used
            (each, the “Subsequent Casino Gaming Property Royalty”), subject to a US$20 million cap per fiscal year.
            For the fiscal calendar years thereafter until the expiration of the remaining term on December 31, 2022, the
            Group paid LVS LLC an annual royalty being the lesser of the Subsequent Casino Gaming Property Royalty or
            the annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0% for each subsequent year. After the commencement of the
            operation of The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao in April 2012 and September 2016 respectively,
            the Group paid royalty fees in connection with these properties.


            As the term of the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement expired on December 31, 2022, on December
            2, 2022, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 (all being subsidiaries of the Company) entered into an agreement with
            LVS to renew the arrangements contained in the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement to ensure that
            the Group continues to have access to the licensed marks referred therein (the “International Trademark
            License Agreement”). The International Trademark License Agreement has a term of three years commencing
            on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025 (the “Term”). In consideration for LVS granting our
            Group the license to use licensed marks (as defined), each Licensee shall pay LVS an annual royalty at the
            rate of 1.5% of its gross non-gaming and gaming revenue. Gross revenue shall be calculated according to
            U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) in effect as of January 1, 2023; provided, however,
            that: (1) gross revenue from gaming operations shall be calculated as net revenue adjusted by adding back
            casino-related discounts and commissions and loyalty program adjustments, adding complimentary goods
            and services provided to patrons and excluding any intragroup revenue, and (2) gross revenue from non-
            gaming operations shall be calculated as net revenues excluding any intragroup revenue. All royalties shall be
            calculated on a monthly basis and paid on or before the 30th of the following month.


            During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group incurred US$100 million (2022: US$22 million) of
            royalty fees.




                                                        187
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Transactions during the year (continued)
      (vi) Share-based compensation
           The Group participates in the share-based compensation plan of LVS (Notes 5 and 26).

      (vii) Expenses billed to/paid by other LVS group companies
           During the year, the Group incurred certain expenses on behalf of other LVS group companies, or vice versa.
           The Group charged/reimbursed other LVS group companies for these expenses at cost.


  (b) Year-end balances between the Group and related companies
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                         US$ in millions
       Receivables from related companies:
       Fellow subsidiaries                                                                   1                     1

      The receivables from related companies are unsecured, interest-free and have a credit term of 45 days (2022:
      same).


                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                Note                     US$ in millions
       Payables to related companies:
       LVS                                                                                  23                    6
       Intermediate holding company                                                         —                     2
       Fellow subsidiaries                                                                   1                    —

                                                                  21                        24                     8

      The payables to related companies are unsecured, interest-free and have a credit term of 45 days (2022: same).




                                                      188
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
  (a) Share options of the Company
      Equity Award Plan
      The 2009 Equity Award Plan and 2019 Equity Award Plan (collectively, the “Equity Award Plan”) gives the
      Company a competitive edge in attracting, retaining and motivating employees, directors and consultants and to
      provide the Company with an equity award plan providing incentives directly related to increases in its shareholder
      value. Subject to certain criteria as defined in the Equity Award Plan, the Company’s subsidiaries’ or affiliates’
      employees, directors or officers and its consultants are eligible for awards under the Equity Award Plan.


      The 2009 Equity Award Plan had a term of ten years, which expired on November 30, 2019, no further awards may
      be granted after the expiration of the term. All existing awards previously granted under the 2009 Equity Award
      Plan, but which are unexercised or unvested, will remain valid and (where applicable) exercisable in accordance
      with their respective terms of grant despite the expiry of the 2009 Equity Award Plan. The 2019 Equity Award
      Plan was approved by Shareholders on May 24, 2019, and took effect on December 1, 2019, with materially the
      same terms of the 2009 Equity Award Plan. As at December 31, 2023, there were 805,319,139 Shares available
      for grant under the 2019 Equity Award Plan. The Company’s Remuneration Committee might, from time to time,
      grant awards of share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, share bonuses
      (“Share-based Awards”), performance compensation awards or any combination of the foregoing pursuant to the
      2019 Equity Award Plan.


      Share options under the Equity Award Plan were granted with an exercise price not less than the highest of (i)
      the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant, which must be a business day, (ii) the average of the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily
      quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant and
      (iii) the nominal value of a Share. The outstanding share options generally vest over four years and have ten-year
      contractual terms. Compensation cost for all share option grants, which generally have graded vesting, is net of
      estimated forfeitures and is recognized on an accelerated granted attribution approach over the awards’ respective
      requisite service periods.


      The Company estimates the fair value of share options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Expected
      volatilities are based on the Company’s historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life of the share
      options. The expected option life is based on the contractual term of the option as well as historical exercise and
      forfeiture behavior. The risk-free interest rate for periods equal to the expected term of the share option is based on
      the Hong Kong Government Bond rate in effect at the time of the grant for share options granted. The expected
      dividend yield is based on the estimate of annual dividends expected to be paid at the time of the grant. The Group
      has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.




                                                         189
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (a) Share options of the Company (continued)
      Equity Award Plan (continued)
      A summary of the share option activity for the Equity Award Plan is presented below:


                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                             2023                                 2022
                                                                     Weighted                               Weighted
                                                  Number of            average         Number of               average
                                                    options       exercise price         options         exercise price
                                                       ’000                 US$            ’000                    US$
       Outstanding at January 1                        48,401               4.84             48,180               5.01
       Granted                                             —                  —               3,300               2.28
       Exercised                                         (191)              3.46                 —                  —
       Forfeited                                       (3,885)              4.92             (3,079)              4.69

       Outstanding at December 31                      44,325               4.84             48,401               4.84

       Exercisable at December 31                      41,025               5.05             41,688               5.02

      The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year ended
      December 31, 2023 was US$3.74. There was no exercise of share options during the year ended December 31,
      2022.


      The range of exercise prices and the weighted average remaining contractual life of the above share options
      outstanding as at the dates indicated are as follows:


                                                                           December 31,
                                                             2023                                 2022
                                                                      Weighted                              Weighted
                                                 Number of              average        Number of              average
                                                    options           remaining           options          remaining
       Range of exercise prices                 outstanding      contractual life     outstanding      contractual life
       US$                                             ’000              (years)             ’000              (years)
       2.01–3.00                                        3,300               8.62              3,300               9.62
       3.01–4.00                                        7,428               1.99              7,728               3.00
       4.01–5.00                                        8,343               3.67             10,122               4.53
       5.01–6.00                                       20,965               4.72             22,962               5.67
       6.01–7.00                                        1,758               2.13              1,758               3.13
       7.01–8.00                                        1,288               0.27              1,288               1.27
       8.01–9.00                                        1,243               0.21              1,243               1.21

                                                       44,325               4.00             48,401               4.95




                                                      190
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (a) Share options of the Company (continued)
      Fair value estimates of the share options under the 2019 Equity Award Plan
      The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
      with the following weighted average assumptions:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023              2022
       Expected volatility                                                                     —                  43.7%
       Expected life (years)                                                                   —                     7.2
       Risk-free annual interest rate                                                          —                   2.7%
       Expected dividends                                                                      —                      —
       Weighted average share price at the date of grant (US$)                                 —                    2.28
       Weighted average exercise price (US$)                                                   —                    2.28
       Weighted average fair value of each share option granted by
          the Company (US$)                                                                    —                    1.13


  (b) Restricted share units of the Company
      Under the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan, the Company granted certain restricted share
      units (under which no new Shares will be issued) to eligible participants. Such restricted share units generally vest
      over three years or other periods subject to approval. Grantees are entitled to a future cash payment from our
      Group that is equivalent to the fair value of the vested restricted share units and any accumulated dividends in cash
      upon vesting.


      A summary of the restricted share units under the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan is
      presented below:


                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023                                    2022
                                                    Number of       Weighted               Number of           Weighted
                                                     restricted average grant                restricted    average grant
                                                    share units date fair value            share units     date fair value
                                                           ’000            US$                    ’000                US$
       Unvested at January 1                             21,402               2.80             15,322                3.40
       Granted                                            6,792               3.44              9,393                2.32
       Vested                                            (9,560)              2.92             (2,344)               4.74
       Forfeited                                           (743)              2.79               (969)               3.00

       Unvested at December 31                           17,891               2.98             21,402                2.80




                                                        191
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (b) Restricted share units of the Company (continued)
      The fair value of each restricted share unit on its grant date is the closing price of the Shares on its grant date. The
      fair value of each restricted share unit is re-measured at the end of each reporting period until its vesting date.
      Upon vesting of each restricted share unit, the Group will pay the grantees an amount in cash calculated based on
      the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the vesting
      date or the higher of (i) the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock
      Exchange on the vesting date, and (ii) the average official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation
      sheet of the Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the vesting date, in addition to any
      accumulated cash and dividends equivalents paid by the Company in respect of one Share. If the vesting date falls
      within a black out period or is not a trading day, the first trading day immediately following the scheduled vesting
      date that is also not a black out date shall be considered as the vesting date. Compensation cost for all restricted
      share units, which all have graded vesting, is recognized on an accelerated granted attribution approach over the
      restricted share units’ respective requisite service periods. As at December 31, 2023, the accrued liability associated
      with these cash-settled restricted share units was US$32 million (2022: US$34 million). For the year ended
      December 31, 2023, the gain on re-measurement of the liability was US$2 million (2022: loss of US$5 million).


  (c) Share options of LVS
      The Group participates in the equity-settled share-based compensation plan of LVS which provides for the granting
      of share options to purchase LVS common stock (the “LVS Equity Plan”). LVS’ compensation committee may grant
      awards of non-qualified share options, incentive (qualified) share options, share appreciation rights, restricted share
      awards, restricted share units, share bonus awards, performance compensation awards or any combination of the
      foregoing. Share option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value (as defined in
      the LVS Equity Plan) of LVS’ share on the date of grant. The outstanding share options generally vest over three
      to four years and have ten-year contractual terms. Compensation cost for all share option grants, which generally
      have graded vesting, is recognized on an accelerated granted attribution approach over the awards’ respective
      requisite service periods. LVS estimates the fair value of share options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
      Expected volatilities are based on LVS’ historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life of the share options.
      The expected option life is based on the contractual term of the option as well as historical exercise and forfeiture
      behavior. The risk-free interest rate for periods equal to the expected term of the share option is based on the U.S.
      Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The expected dividend yield is based on the estimate of annual
      dividends expected to be paid at the time of the grant.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023, no share options were granted, exercised nor expired. As at December
      31, 2023, there were 507,525 share options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of US$45.81, and
      132,525 share options were exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of US$65.53.


      During the year ended December 31, 2022, 375,000 share options were granted at a weighted average exercise
      price of US$38.84, no share options were exercised nor expired. As at December 31, 2022, there were 507,525
      share options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of US$45.81, and 121,269 share options were
      exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of US$65.10.


      The expense allocated to the Group in relation to the LVS’ share options during the year ended December 31, 2023
      was US$1.0 million (2022: US$0.6 million).




                                                          192
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (d) Restricted share units of LVS
      The grant date fair value of the restricted share units is the share price of the ordinary shares of LVS at the respective
      grant date. The number of unvested restricted share units represents the number of ordinary shares of LVS to be
      given to the employees upon vesting. The restricted share units vest over 3 years.


      During the year ended December 31, 2023, 25,915 restricted share units were granted, 18,793 restricted share
      units were vested and no restricted share units were forfeited. As at December 31, 2023, there were 45,275
      unvested restricted share units with a weighted average grant date fair value of US$50.78.


      During the year ended December 31, 2022, no restricted share units were granted, 18,793 restricted share units
      were vested and no restricted share units were forfeited. As at December 31, 2022, there were 38,153 unvested
      restricted share units with a weighted average grant date fair value of US$41.27.


      The expense allocated to the Group in relation to the LVS’ restricted share units during the year ended December
      31, 2023 was US$1.4 million (2022: US$1.2 million).




                                                          193
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
  (a) Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose itself to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
      Group’s overall financial risk management program, mainly carried out by a central treasury department and
      approved by the Board of Directors, focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
      potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


      The Group’s primary exposures to market risk are interest rate risk associated with variable rate borrowings and
      foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with the Group’s operations. The Group has a policy aimed at
      managing interest rate risk associated with its current and anticipated future borrowings and foreign currency
      exchange rate risk associated with operations of its foreign subsidiaries. This policy enables the Group to use any
      combination of interest rate swaps, futures, options, caps, forward contracts and similar instruments. The Group
      does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes and does not enter into derivative transactions that
      would be considered speculative positions.

      (i)   Market risk
            Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates
            and foreign currency exchange rates.


            Interest rate risk
            The Group’s primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with its variable rate borrowings.
            Management monitors interest rate exposures and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk should
            the need arise.


            The Group did not held any variable rate borrowings as at December 31, 2023 and therefore there was no
            exposure to interest rate risk with its variable rate borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2023.


            The Group held variable rate borrowings of US$186 million and HK$13.82 billion (US$1.77 billion based on
            exchange rates on December 31, 2022) as at December 31, 2022. A hypothetical 100 basis points change in
            interest rates would cause the annual interest expense of the variable rate long-term borrowings to change
            by US$20 million.


            Foreign exchange risk
            During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Group held derivative financial instruments which
            consisted of two foreign currency swap contracts. The objective of both agreements is to manage the risk
            of changes in cash flows resulting from foreign currency gains/losses realized upon remeasurement of US$
            denominated Senior Notes by swapping a specified amount of HK$ for US$ at the contractual spot rate. The
            terms in one of the contracts did not effectively match the terms of the related Senior Notes; thus, it was
            not designated as hedging (the “Non-Hedging Swap”). The remaining contract was designated as a hedge
            of the cash flows related to a portion of the Senior Notes (the “Hedging Swap,” and together with the Non-
            Hedging Swap, the “FX Swaps”). The Non-Hedging Swap and the Hedging Swap have a total notional value
            of US$500 million and US$1.0 billion, respectively. The Non-Hedging Swap expired in August 2023 and the
            Hedging swap expires in August 2025.




                                                        194
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            The Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                        HK$         US$         MOP         RMB        Other      Total
                                                                               In US$ millions
             At December 31, 2023
             Financial assets
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other receivables, net           207            1          22          —            —        230
             Restricted bank deposit                     —            —          124          —            —        124
             Cash and cash equivalents                1,039          164         135          13           10     1,361
             Deposits                                     1           —           —           —            —          1

             Total financial assets                   1,247          165         281          13           10     1,716

             Financial liabilities
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other payables                   426         204          698           3           2      1,333
             Borrowings                                   6       8,171          151           —           —      8,328

                                                        432       8,375          849            3           2     9,661

             Fair value through other
               comprehensive income:
             Derivative financial instrument              —            3          —            —           —         3

             Total financial liabilities                432       8,378          849            3           2     9,664




                                                        195
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)

                                                                            HK$           US$          MOP           RMB          Total
                                                                                                 In US$ millions
             At December 31, 2022
             Financial assets
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other receivables, net                                61             6             26            —            93
             Restricted bank deposit                                         —             —             125            —           125
             Restricted cash and cash equivalents                            —             —             912            —           912
             Cash and cash equivalents                                      239           485             52            14          790
             Deposits                                                         1            —               1            —             2

                                                                            301           491          1,116            14        1,922

             Fair value through profit or loss:
             Derivative financial instrument                                  —              1            —             —              1

             Total financial assets                                         301           492          1,116            14        1,923

             Financial liabilities
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other payables                                       306           171            215            2          694
             Borrowings                                                       5        10,049            165            —       10,219

                                                                            311        10,220            380             2      10,913

             Fair value through other
               comprehensive income:
             Derivative financial instrument                                  —              3            —             —              3

             Total financial liabilities                                    311        10,223            380             2      10,916

            Note: Certain prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for
                  details).


            The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate risk arising from future commercial transactions and recognizes
            assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than MOP, which is the functional currency of the major
            operating companies within the Group. The Group’s foreign currency transactions are mainly denominated
            in US$. For companies with MOP as their functional currency, as at December 31, 2023, a hypothetical 1%
            weakening of the US$/MOP exchange rate would cause a foreign currency transaction loss of approximately
            US$71 million, net of the impact from the foreign currency swap agreements (2022: US$57 million), mainly
            as a result of the translation of US$ denominated debt held by SCL (2022: same). The MOP is pegged to
            the HK$ and the HK$ is pegged to the US$ (within a narrow range), therefore the Group does not expect
            fluctuations in the values of these currencies to have a material impact on the operations.




                                                              196
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii)   Credit risk
             The Group is potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk from financial instruments, which consist
             principally of cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank deposit and trade and other receivables.


             The Group maintains cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposit with various creditworthy
             financial institutions and trade receivables with its customers. Management monitors this credit risk on an
             on-going basis and does not believe that the Group has any other significant exposure to any individual or
             institution not provided for as at December 31, 2023 and 2022. Refer to Note 16 for details of credit risk
             related to trade receivables.

      (iii) Liquidity risk
             Liquidity risk is the financial risk arising from the difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial
             liabilities settled by cash or other financial assets.


             The 2018 SCL Credit Facility, as amended, contains various financial covenants, which include maintaining
             a maximum leverage ratio or net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA, as defined.
             In May 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated facility agreement, pursuant to which
             lenders, among other things, extended the waiver on the Company’s requirement to ensure the leverage
             ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the interest coverage ratio is greater than 2.50x, through January 1, 2024.
             The compliance with the financial covenants for periods beyond December 31, 2023 could be affected by
             certain factors beyond the Company’s control, such as travel, quarantine and border restrictions resuming in
             the future.


             The Directors of the Company are of the opinion that, taking into account the Group’s available borrowing
             capacity and the Group’s cash flow forecast for the coming year, the Group will have sufficient capital to
             meet its cash flow requirements in the next twelve months from December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 1 for
             further information.




                                                         197
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
           The Group’s financial liabilities, based on the contractual undiscounted cash flows are as follows:


                                                                             In the           In the
                                                         Within the         second         third to         Over the
                                                          first year           year      fifth year        fifth year             Total
                                                                                       US$ in millions
              At December 31, 2023
              Senior Notes principal                             —            1,800            3,400             1,950            7,150
              Senior Notes interest                             329             328              585               122            1,364
              LVS Term Loan(i)                                   —               —             1,061                —             1,061
              LVS Term Loan interest(i)                          53              53              134                —               240
              Other borrowings                                    1              —                —                 —                 1
              Lease liabilities                                  17              14               20               262              313
              Trade and other payables(ii)                      777              31               33                11              852
              Gaming license liability
                Concession annual premium                        40               40             119               159              358
                Handover Record fees                             13               13             126               168              320

              At December 31, 2022
              Senior Notes principal                             —               —             3,300             3,850            7,150
              Senior Notes interest                             346             346              773               320            1,785
              Bank loans                                      1,958              —                —                 —             1,958
              Bank loans interest                                86              —                —                 —                86
              LVS Term Loan(iii)                                 —               —                —              1,126            1,126
              LVS Term Loan interest(iii)                        —               —               169                56              225
              Other borrowings                                    1               1               —                 —                 2
              Lease liabilities                                  15              17               26               321              379
              Trade and other payables                          629              30               26                 9              694

           Note: Certain prior period comparatives have been restated to conform with the current period presentation (refer to Note 2 for
                   details).


           (i)     The Company elected cash interest payment since July 2023 and hence no capitalization of interest from July 2023 onwards
                   and a decrease in interest rate from 6.0% to 5.0%.


           (ii)    Excludes contractual undiscounted cash flows relating to Concession annual premium and Handover Record fees.


           (iii)   Assumed the Company elected payment-in-kind interest in the first two years and therefore an interest rate of 6.0% and
                   capitalization of interest to principal.




                                                               198
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (b) Capital risk management
      The Group’s primary objective when managing capital is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and
      services commensurately with the level of risk.


      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt (including current and non-current interest-bearing borrowings
      as shown in the consolidated balance sheet), net of cash and cash equivalents, and equity attributable to
      Shareholders, comprising issued share capital and reserves as disclosed in Notes 19 and 20, respectively.


      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain the net debt-to-capital ratio
      (gearing ratio) at an appropriate level based on its assessment of the current risk and circumstances. This ratio is
      calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as interest bearing borrowings, net of deferred
      financing costs, less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated
      as equity, as shown in the consolidated balance sheet, plus net debt.


                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                                                        2023                       2022
                                                                                                        US$ in millions
        Interest bearing borrowings, net of deferred financing costs                                    8,170                   10,047
        Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                                (1,361)                    (790)
           restricted cash and cash equivalents(i)                                                         —                      (912)

        Net debt                                                                                        6,809                     8,345
        Total deficit                                                                                      (4)                     (700)

        Total capital                                                                                   6,805                     7,645


        Gearing ratio                                                                                100.1%                    109.2%

      (i)   Restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million as at December 31, 2022 was made available for use in early January 2023
            and hence included in the calculation of net debt.




                                                                 199
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
                                                                    December 31,
                                                                    2023               2022
                                                            Note    US$ in millions
   ASSETS
   Non-current assets
     Interests in subsidiaries                                      1,285              1,255
    Note receivables from subsidiaries                              7,980              9,549
    Other assets                                                       25                 —

   Total non-current assets                                         9,290             10,804

   Current assets
     Other assets                                                     —                   1
     Other receivables and prepayments                                50                 77
     Restricted cash and cash equivalents                             —                 289
     Cash and cash equivalents                                       232                474

   Total current assets                                              282                841

   Total assets                                                     9,572             11,645


   EQUITY
   Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders
     of the Company
     Share capital                                                     81                 81
     Reserves                                               28(a)   1,129              1,319

   Total equity                                                     1,210              1,400

   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liability
     Borrowings                                                     8,170              8,099
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                  192                 198
     Borrowings                                                       —                1,948

   Total current liabilities                                         192               2,146

   Total liabilities                                                8,362             10,245

   Total equity and liabilities                                     9,572             11,645


   Net current assets/(liabilities)                                    90             (1,305)


   Total assets less current liabilities                            9,380              9,499


                                                   200
                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
  (a) Movement of reserves
                                                                                                        Retained
                                                           Share-based        Currency                 earnings/
                                     Capital        Share compensation      translation      Hedge (Accumulated
                                     reserve     premium       reserve          reserve     reserve        losses)   Total
                                                                          US$ in millions
      Balance at January 1, 2022        106         1,515          55                (16)       (4)           198    1,854
      Loss for the year                  —             —           —                  —         —            (533)    (533)
      Fair value adjustment on
        cash flow hedge                   —           —             —                 —          (2)           —        (2)
      Other comprehensive expense
        for the year, net of tax          —           —             —                 (3)       —              —        (3)

      Total comprehensive expense         —           —             —                 (3)       (2)          (533)    (538)
      Forfeiture of share options         —           —             (3)               —         —               3       —
      Share-based compensation
        of the Company                    —           —              3                —         —              —         3

      Balance at December 31, 2022      106        1,515           55                (19)       (6)          (332)   1,319
      Loss for the year                  —            —            —                  —         —            (189)    (189)
      Fair value adjustment on
        cash flow hedge                   —           —            —                  —         (3)            —        (3)
      Other comprehensive expense
        for the year, net of tax          —           —            —                  (1)       —              —        (1)

      Total comprehensive expense         —           —            —                  (1)       (3)          (189)    (193)
      Exercise of share options           —           1            —                  —         —              —         1
      Forfeiture of share options         —           —            (5)                —         —               5       —
      Share-based compensation
        of the Company                    —           —              2                —         —              —         2

      Balance at December 31, 2023      106        1,516           52               (20)        (9)          (516)   1,129




                                                        201
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

                                Place of incorporation
                                or establishment/
                                operations and                                          Particulars of
                                date of incorporation                                   issued share capital/ Effective
    Name                        or establishment           Principal activities         registered capital    interests held
    Directly held:
    Venetian Venture            Cayman Islands,            Investment holding           US$100                100%
      Development               June 21, 2002
      Intermediate Limited

    Venetian Concession         Cayman Islands,            Investment holding           US$100                100%
      Holding Limited           July 11, 2022

    Indirectly held:
    Cotai Ferry Company         Macao/Macao and            High speed ferry             MOP10,000,000         100%
      Limited                   Hong Kong,                   transportation
                                July 19, 2007                services

    Cotai Strip Lot 2 Apart     Macao,                     Hotel apartments             MOP6,498,900          100%
      Hotel (Macau)             October 27, 2008                                        MOP722,100
      Limited                                                                           (preference shares)

    Cotai Services (HK)         Hong Kong,                 Business support services,   HK$749,025,708.72     100%
      Limited                   July 11, 2007                marketing and operation
                                                             of ferry business

    CotaiJet 1 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 2 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 3 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 4 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 5 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 6 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 7 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,           Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019




                                                          202
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                Place of incorporation
                                or establishment/
                                operations and                                   Particulars of
                                date of incorporation                            issued share capital/ Effective
   Name                         or establishment         Principal activities    registered capital    interests held
   CotaiJet 10 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,         Ferry leasing           HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 11 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,         Ferry leasing           HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 12 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,         Ferry leasing           HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019




   CotaiJet 14 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao,         Ferry leasing           HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

   Cotaiwaterjet Sea Bridge 1   Hong Kong/Macao,         Pontoon leasing         HK$1                  100%
     (HK) Limited               December 12, 2019

   Cotaiwaterjet Sea Bridge 2   Hong Kong/Macao,         Pontoon leasing         HK$1                  100%
     (HK) Limited               December 12, 2019

   Sands Cotai West             Cayman Islands/Macao,    Holder of hotel         US$1                  100%
     Holdings Limited           May 25, 2011               franchise agreement

   Sands Venetian               Macao,                   Security services       MOP1,000,000          100%
     Security Limited           June 22, 2011




                                                         203
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                        Place of incorporation
                                        or establishment/
                                        operations and                                                Particulars of
                                        date of incorporation                                         issued share capital/ Effective
      Name                              or establishment               Principal activities           registered capital    interests held
      Venetian Cotai Hotel              Macao,                         Human resources                MOP500,000               100%
        Management Limited              March 12, 2008                 administration

      Venetian Cotai Limited            Macao,                         Hotels, restaurants,          MOP200,000,000            100%
                                        November 11, 2004                shopping mall, and
                                                                         conference and
                                                                         convention

      Venetian Macau Limited            Macao,                         Gaming and other               MOP5,000,000,000         100%
        (Note (i))                      June 21, 2002                    related activities

      Venetian Orient Limited           Macao,                         Hotels, restaurants,           MOP100,000               100%
                                        February 2, 2006                 shopping mall,
                                                                         and conference
                                                                         and convention

      Venetian Retail Limited           Macao,                         Mall management               MOP1,500,000              100%
                                        June 15, 2007

      Venetian Travel Limited           Macao,                         Travel and tourism            MOP2,400,000              100%
                                        October 16, 2006                 agency services

      Venetian Transportation           Macao,                         Transportation services        MOP25,000                100%
        Services Limited                January 7, 2019                  and other related activities

      Zhuhai Cotai Information          China,                         Outsourcing services,         US$800,000                100%
        Services Outsourcing            September 30, 2010               including information
        Co., Ltd. (Note (ii))                                            technology, accounting,
                                                                         hotel management
                                                                         and marketing

     Zhuhai Hengqin                     China,                         Outsourcing services,         US$2,000,000              100%
       Cotai Information                September 24, 2019              including information
       Services Co., Ltd.                                               technology, accounting,
       (Note (ii))                                                      hotel management
                                                                        and marketing

   Notes:


   (i)      On December 8, 2022, the registered share capital of VML increased from 200 million patacas to 5.0 billion patacas to fulfill the
            requirements of the Gaming Law. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, 15% of VML’s issued capital is held by Mr. Sun MinQi (Dave), the
            managing director of VML, representing 15% of the voting rights and de minimis economic rights in VML. As such, SCL through VVDIL
            and VCHL, indirectly hold the remaining 85% of issued capital, representing 85% of the voting rights and 100% of the economic rights
            in VML.


   (ii)     These entities are wholly foreign owned enterprises established in China.




                                                                      204
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   4.4 FINANCIAL SUMMARY




CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                      2019             2020              2021      2022      2023
                                                              US$ in millions
Net revenues                          8,808            1,687             2,874     1,605     6,534


Operating profit/(loss)               2,275           (1,239)             (537)   (1,163)    1,225


Profit/(loss) before income tax       2,033           (1,507)           (1,045)   (1,588)     741
Income tax (expense)/benefit             —               (16)               (3)        6      (49)

Profit/(loss) for the year
  attributable to equity holders
  of the Company                      2,033           (1,523)           (1,048)   (1,582)     692


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                December 31,
                                      2019             2020                2021    2022      2023
                                                                US$ in millions
Assets
Non-current assets                    9,053            9,466             9,202     8,695     8,575
Current assets                        3,047            1,082               892     1,867     1,683

Total assets                         12,100           10,548            10,094    10,562    10,258


Equity and liabilities
Equity/(deficit)                      4,446            1,929               888     (700)       (4)

Non-current liabilities               5,756            7,205             8,112     8,391     8,890
Current liabilities                   1,898            1,414             1,094     2,871     1,372

Total liabilities                     7,654            8,619             9,206    11,262    10,262

Total equity/(deficit) and
  liabilities                        12,100           10,548            10,094    10,562    10,258




                                                     205
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 5. CORPORATE INFORMATION
                                            (as at the Latest Practicable Date)




DIRECTORS                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN
Executive Directors                                            ISLANDS
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                              Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
  (Executive Vice Chairman)                                    One Nexus Way
Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                      Camana Bay
  (Chief Executive Officer and President)                      Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
                                                               Cayman Islands
Non-Executive Directors                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein
 (Chairman of the Board)                                       AND HEAD OFFICE IN MACAO
Mr. Charles Daniel Forman                                      The Venetian Macao
                                                               Executive Offices — L2
Independent Non-Executive Directors                            Estrada da Baía de Nossa Senhora da Esperança
Ms. Chiang Yun                                                 Taipa, Macao
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung                                      HONG KONG
                                                               5/F, Manulife Place
BOARD COMMITTEES                                               348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                               Kowloon, Hong Kong
Audit Committee
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink (Chairman)                      CAYMAN ISLANDS
Ms. Chiang Yun
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser
                                                               PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung                                      TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                               Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
Remuneration Committee                                         One Nexus Way
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser (Chairman)                         Camana Bay
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                 Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                              Cayman Islands


Nomination Committee                                           HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ms. Chiang Yun                                                 Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                 Hopewell Centre
                                                               183 Queen’s Road East
                                                               Wanchai
Capex Committee
                                                               Hong Kong
Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant (Chairman)
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink
Dr. Wong Ying Wai
                                                               PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                               Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch
                                                               Bank of China Building
ESG Committee
                                                               Avenida Doutor Mario Soares
Ms. Chiang Yun (Chairlady)
                                                               Macao
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung
Dr. Wong Ying Wai
                                                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
COMPANY SECRETARY                                              www.sandschina.com
Mr. Dylan James Williams
                                                               STOCK CODE
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                     1928
Dr. Wong Ying Wai
Mr. Dylan James Williams


                                                           206
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               6. CONTACT US




ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
This 2023 Annual Report, in both English and Chinese versions, is available on the Company’s website at www.sandschina.com
under the Investor Relations section and the website of HKEXnews at www.hkexnews.hk.


Shareholders may request to be sent a copy of this 2023 Annual Report in printed form by submitting a written request to the
Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (by post to 17M Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email to sandschina.ecom@computershare.com.hk), specifying the
name, address, request to receive this 2023 Annual Report in printed form and language of the printed form elected ((i) English
only, (ii) Chinese only or (iii) both English and Chinese).


REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed on the following dates:

 Book Closure Period/Date               Purpose                                                  Final Lodging Time/Date


 May 13, 2024 to May 17, 2024           To determine the identity of Shareholders                no later than 4:30 p.m.
                                          who are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM           (Hong Kong time)
                                                                                                   on May 10, 2024


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
To be held on May 17, 2024. The notice of the AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, and the proxy form
will be available on the Company’s website at www.sandschina.com under the Investor Relations section and the website of
HKEXnews at www.hkexnews.hk.


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Address:              Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:            +852 2862 8628
Facsimile:            +852 2865 0990
Enquiries:            www.computershare.com/hk/en/online_feedback


CONTACT US
Address:                  5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Telephone:                +853 8118 2888
Facsimile:                +853 2888 3381
Email:                    scl-enquiries@sands.com.mo




                                                             207
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                           7. GLOSSARY




“2009 Equity Award Plan”     the equity award plan of the Company adopted by the Company pursuant to a resolution
                             passed by the Shareholders on November 8, 2009 (as amended on February 19, 2016),
                             which expired on November 30, 2019

“2018 SCL Credit Facility”   the facility agreement, the Company, as borrower, entered into with the arrangers and
                             lenders named therein and Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch, as agent for the lenders,
                             on November 20, 2018, as amended on March 27, 2020, September 11, 2020, July
                             7, 2021, November 30, 2022 and May 11, 2023, pursuant to which the lenders made
                             available a US$2.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility to the Company. On January
                             25, 2021, the Company exercised the option to increase the Lenders’ Total Commitments
                             (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) by HK$3.83 billion (approximately US$490
                             million)

“2019 Equity Award Plan”     the equity award plan of the Company adopted by the Company pursuant to a resolution
                             passed by the Shareholders on May 24, 2019, and became effective on December 1, 2019

“2021 Shared Services        the shared services agreement dated November 8, 2009 entered into between LVS and
  Agreement”                 our Company to regulate their relationship with respect to the provision of certain shared
                             services, which expired on December 31, 2023

“2024 Shared Services        the shared services agreement dated December 27, 2023 entered into between LVS and
  Agreement”                 our Company to regulate their relationship with respect to the provision of certain shared
                             services

“adjusted property EBITDA”   adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss
                             attributable to equity holders of the Company before share-based compensation, corporate
                             expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange
                             gains or losses, impairment loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal
                             of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets, interest, gain
                             or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative
                             financial instruments and income tax benefit or expense. Management utilizes adjusted
                             property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with those of its
                             competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated
                             resort companies have historically reported adjusted property EBITDA as a supplemental
                             performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of their
                             properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including the Group,
                             have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of specific
                             properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted
                             property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property EBITDA should not be interpreted as an
                             alternative to profit or operating profit (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash
                             flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance
                             with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures,
                             dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes,
                             which are not reflected in adjusted property EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted
                             property EBITDA in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as presented
                             by the Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly titled measures presented
                             by other companies. In addition, our adjusted property EBITDA presented in the report may
                             differ from adjusted property EBITDA presented by LVS for its Macao segment in its filings
                             with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. For a quantitative reconciliation of
                             adjusted property EBITDA to its most directly comparable IFRS measurement, see “Note 4
                             — Segment Information”


                                                       208
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               7. GLOSSARY




“ADR” or “average daily rate”     the average daily rate per occupied room in a given time period, calculated as room revenue
                                  divided by the number of rooms sold


“Board”                           the board of Directors


“cage”                            a secure room within a casino with a facility that allows patrons to exchange cash for chips
                                  required to participate in gaming activities, or to exchange chips for cash


“Capex Committee”                 Sands China Capital Expenditure Committee of the Company


“casino(s)”                       a gaming facility that provides casino games consisting of table games operated in VIP areas
                                  or mass market areas, electronic games, slot machines and other casino games


“Chief Executive”                 a person who either alone or together with one or more other persons is or will be
                                  responsible under the immediate authority of the board of directors for the conduct of the
                                  business of the Company


“chip(s)”                         tokens issued by a casino to players in exchange for cash or credit, which are used to place
                                  bets on gaming tables, in lieu of cash


“Code”                            the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules


“Company”, “our”, “we”,        Sands China Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman
  “us”, ”SCL” or “Sands China” Islands on July 15, 2009, the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
                               Exchange and, except where the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries, or
                               where the context refers to the time before it became the holding company of its present
                               subsidiaries, its present subsidiaries. When used in the context of gaming operations or the
                               Subconcession or the Concession, “we”, “us” or “our” refers exclusively to VML


“Company Code”                    the Company’s own securities trading code for securities transactions by the Directors and
                                  relevant employees


“Concession” or                   the Concession Contract dated December 16, 2022 for the operation of casino games of
  “Concession Contract”           chance in Macao effective January 1, 2023, by and between the Macao government and
                                  VML


“Concessionaire(s)”               the holder(s) of a concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Cotai”                           the name given to the land reclamation area in Macao between the islands of Coloane and
                                  Taipa




                                                           209
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    7. GLOSSARY




“Cotai Strip”          large-scale integrated resort projects on Cotai developed by us and inspired by the Las
                       Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.A. LVS has registered the Cotai Strip trademark in
                       Hong Kong and Macao


“COVID-19 Pandemic”    an outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) that was
                       identified in early January 2020. The virus has since spread rapidly across the world, causing
                       the World Health Organization to declare the outbreak of a pandemic on March 12, 2020


“CSL2”                 our subsidiary, Cotai Strip Lot 2 Apart Hotel (Macau) Limited, a public company limited
                       by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao on October 27,
                       2008, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that reverted to the
                       Macao government and that VML has the right to operate


“Deeds of Reversion”   the public deeds executed by each of VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 on December 30, 2022
                       pursuant to which each of VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 agreed, pursuant to article 40 of
                       the Gaming Law and our Subconcession Contract, to revert to Macao the Gaming Assets
                       without compensation and free of any liens or charges upon the expiry of the term of the
                       Subconcession Contract, as amended by the Subconcession Extension Contract


“Deloitte”             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Public Interest Entity Auditor
                       registered in accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance


“DICJ”                 Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (“Direcção de Inspecção e Coordenação de
                       Jogos”) under the Secretary for Economy and Finance of Macao


“Director(s)”          member(s) of the board of directors of the Company


“DOJ”                  the United States Department of Justice


“EBITDA”               earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization


“ESG”                  Environmental, Social and Governance


“ESG Committee”        Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company


“Exchange Rate”        save as otherwise stated, amounts denominated in U.S. dollars, Macao patacas and Hong
                       Kong dollars have been converted at the exchange rate on December 31, 2023, for the
                       purposes of illustration only, in this Annual Report at:
                       US$1.00: HK$7.8140
                       US$1.00: MOP 8.0484
                       HK$1.00: MOP1.03


“FCPA”                 the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended




                                                 210
                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               7. GLOSSARY




“Four Seasons Macao”              the Four Seasons Hotel Macau, Cotai Strip, which is managed and operated by FS Macau
                                  Lda., an affiliate of Four Seasons Hotels Limited


“Galaxy”                          Galaxy Casino, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“gaming area(s)”                  a gaming facility that provides casino games consisting of table games operated in VIP areas
                                  or mass market areas, electronic games, slot machines and other casino games, including
                                  gaming supporting areas


“Gaming Assets”                   a total area of approximately 136,000 square meters of casinos, gaming areas and gaming
                                  support areas located at the Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao, The
                                  Plaza Macao and The Londoner Macao, and gaming equipment located therein


“Gaming Law”                      the Law No. 16/2001 (the Juridical System for Operation of Casino Games of Chance), as
                                  amended by the Law No. 7/2022


“gaming promoter(s)”              individuals or corporations licensed by and registered with the Macao government to
                                  promote games of fortune and chance to patrons, through the arrangement of certain
                                  services, including extension of credit (regulated by Law No. 5/2004), transportation,
                                  accommodation, dining and entertainment, whose activity is regulated by Law No.
                                  16/2022 and Administrative Regulation No. 55/2022


“GLA”                             gross leasable area


“GLOA”                            gross leasable occupied area


“Global Offering”                 the offer of Shares in the Company by subscription for cash at HK$10.38 on November 30,
                                  2009 and subject to the terms outlined in the Prospectus


“Greater Bay Area”                a megalopolis, also known as the Pearl River Delta, consisting of nine cities in Guangdong
                                  Province of South China namely Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Foshan, Dongguan,
                                  Zhongshan, Jiangmen, Huizhou, and Zhaoqing, and two special administrative regions
                                  namely Hong Kong and Macao


“Greater Bay Area Initiative(s)” a policy initiative introduced in China’s 13th five-year plan (2016–2020) to promote the
                                 development of the Pearl River Delta region via economic and social integration of eleven
                                 cities in the Greater Bay Area (the most affluent and populous area in China) so that they
                                 can better leverage their competitive advantages in the global economy


“Group”                           the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time


“Handover Record”                 a record executed between the Macao government and VML pursuant to which the use of
                                  the Gaming Assets was granted to VML for the duration of the Concession




                                                           211
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         7. GLOSSARY




“HK$” or “HK dollars”       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“IFRS”                      International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
                            Standards Board


“integrated resort(s)”      a resort which provides customers with a combination of hotel accommodations, casinos or
                            gaming areas, retail and dining facilities, MICE space, entertainment venues and spas


“International Trademark    the international trademark license agreement dated December 2, 2022 entered into
  License Agreement”        among LVS, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2, effective January 1, 2023


“Latest Practicable Date”   March 15, 2024


“Listing”                   the listing of the Shares on the Main Board on November 30, 2009


“Listing Date”              November 30, 2009, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commenced on the
                            Main Board


“Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as amended from time
                            to time)


“LVS”                       our Controlling Shareholder, Las Vegas Sands Corp., a company incorporated in Nevada,
                            U.S.A. in August 2004 and the common stock of which is listed on the New York Stock
                            Exchange


“LVS Group”                 LVS and its subsidiaries (excluding our Group)


“LVS LLC”                   Las Vegas Sands, LLC, a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“LVS Nevada”                LVS (Nevada) International Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“LVS Term Loan”             the intercompany term loan agreement dated July 11, 2022 entered into between LVS and
                            our Company, in the amount of US$1.0 billion, which is repayable on July 11, 2028


“Macao”                     the Macao Special Administrative Region


“Main Board”                the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which is
                            independent of and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock Exchange


“mass market player(s)”     Non-Rolling Chip and slot players


“Melco”                     Melco Resorts (Macau), S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“MGM Grand Paradise”        MGM Grand Paradise, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires




                                                     212
                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     7. GLOSSARY




“MICE”                  Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions, an acronym commonly used to refer to
                        tourism involving large groups brought together for an event or corporate meeting


“Model Code”            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix
                        C3 of the Listing Rules


“MOP” or “pataca(s)”    Macao pataca, the lawful currency of Macao


“Parcel 1”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 290,562 square meters described under Registration
                        No. 23225 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Venetian Macao has been
                        constructed


“Parcel 2”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 53,303 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23223 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Plaza Macao has been constructed


“Parcel 3”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 61,681 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23224 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Parisian Macao has been constructed


“Parcels 5 and 6”       land parcels on Cotai totaling 150,134 square meters, including 44,576 square meters
                        designated as a tropical garden, described under Registration No. 23288 by the Macao
                        Property Registry, on which The Londoner Macao has been constructed


“premium player(s)”     Rolling Chip players who have a direct relationship with gaming operators and typically
                        participate in gaming activities in casinos or gaming areas without the use of gaming
                        promoters


“Prospectus”            our Listing prospectus dated November 16, 2009, which is available from our website at
                        www.sandschina.com


“RMB” or “Renminbi”     Renminbi, the lawful currency of China


“Rolling Chip play”     play by VIP and premium players (excludes Paiza cash players) using non-negotiable chips


“Rolling Chip volume”   casino revenue measurement, measured as the sum of all non-negotiable chips wagered
                        and lost by VIP and premium players (excludes Paiza cash players)


“Rolling Chip win”      a percentage of Rolling Chip volume


“Sands”                 a land parcel in Macao totaling 26,082 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23114 by the Macao Property Registry, on which Sands Macao has been constructed


“Sands Macao”           an integrated resort which includes gaming areas, a hotel tower, restaurants and a theater


“Sands Resorts Macao”   the name given to our integrated resorts on Cotai




                                                 213
                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         7. GLOSSARY




“SEC”                      the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


“Second Trademark          the trademark sub-license agreement dated November 8, 2009 entered into between LVS
  Sub-License Agreement”   LLC and SCL IP Holdings, LLC, which expired on December 31, 2022


“Senior Notes”             senior unsecured notes issued by the Company or, where relevant, any or all of: (i) the
                           three series of senior unsecured unregistered notes in an aggregate principal amount
                           of US$5,500,000,000 issued on August 9, 2018, consisting of US$1,800,000,000 of
                           4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023, US$1,800,000,000 of 5.125% Senior Notes
                           due August 8, 2025 and US$1,900,000,000 of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8,
                           2028. Pursuant to an exchange offer launched on December 21, 2018 and which expired
                           on January 25, 2019, US$1,695,850,000 of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023,
                           US$1,786,475,000 of 5.125% Senior Notes due August 8, 2025 and US$1,892,760,000
                           of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8, 2028, were exchanged for new notes that were
                           registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, on January 29, 2019, and pursuant to
                           the filing of a Form 15F with the SEC on April 23, 2019, had their reporting obligations
                           under Section 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, terminated.
                           The US$1,800,000,000 of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023 were fully redeemed
                           on September 24, 2021; (ii) the two series of senior unsecured unregistered notes in an
                           aggregate principal amount of US$1,500,000,000 issued on June 4, 2020, consisting of
                           US$800,000,000 of 3.800% Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 and US$700,000,000 of
                           4.375% Senior Notes due June 18, 2030. Pursuant to an exchange offer launched on
                           December 23, 2020 and which expired on February 2, 2021, US$796,938,000 of 3.800%
                           Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 and US$697,375,000 of 4.375% Senior Notes due June
                           18, 2030, were exchanged for new notes that were registered under the U.S. Securities
                           Act of 1933, on February 4, 2021, and pursuant to the filing of a Form 15F with the
                           SEC on March 26, 2021, had their reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the U.S.
                           Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, terminated; and (iii) the three series of senior
                           unsecured unregistered notes in an aggregate principal amount of US$1,950,000,000
                           issued on September 23, 2021, consisting of US$700,000,000 of 2.300% Senior Notes
                           due March 8, 2027, US$650,000,000 of 2.850% Senior Notes due March 8, 2029 and
                           US$600,000,000 of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031. Pursuant to an exchange
                           offer launched on July 7, 2022 and which expired on August 8, 2022, US$699,073,000 of
                           2.300% Senior Notes due March 8, 2027, US$649,621,000 of 2.850% Senior Notes due
                           March 8, 2029 and US$598,594,000 of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031, were
                           exchanged for new notes that were registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, on
                           August 10, 2022


“SFO”                      the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                           Kong) as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) in our Company with a nominal value of US$0.01 each


“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of Share(s)




                                                    214
                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          7. GLOSSARY




“SJM”                        SJM Resorts, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“Stock Exchange”             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Subconcession” or           the tripartite Subconcession Contract for the operation of casino games of chance or
  “Subconcession Contract”   games of other forms in Macao effective December 26, 2002 among Galaxy, the Macao
                             government and VML, which expired on December 31, 2022


“Subconcession Extension     means the amendment contract to the Subconcession Contract between VML and Galaxy
  Contract”                  executed on June 23, 2022 for extension of the term of the Subconcession Contract from
                             June 26, 2022 to December 31, 2022


“Subconcessionaire(s)”       the holder(s) of a subconcession for the operation of casino games of chance or games of
                             other forms in Macao until December 31, 2022


“table games”                typical casino games, including card games such as baccarat, blackjack and hi-lo (also
                             known as “sic bo”) as well as craps and roulette


“The Londoner Macao”         an integrated resort which features four hotel towers, consisting of hotel rooms and suites
                             under The Londoner Macao Hotel, Londoner Court, Conrad, Sheraton and St. Regis brands.
                             The Londoner Macao also includes gaming areas, Shoppes at Londoner, entertainment,
                             dining and MICE facilities


“The Parisian Macao”         an integrated resort which includes a gaming area, a hotel, Shoppes at Parisian and other
                             integrated resort amenities


“The Plaza Macao”            an integrated resort which includes (i) Four Seasons Macao; (ii) the Plaza Casino gaming
                             area operated by VML; (iii) the Paiza Mansions, Shoppes at Four Seasons, restaurants and
                             a spa, each of which are operated by us; and (iv) The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, which
                             features 289 luxury suites, except where the context indicates otherwise


“The Venetian Macao”         an integrated resort which includes casino and gaming areas, a hotel, MICE space, Shoppes
                             at Venetian, restaurants and food outlets, a 15,000-seat arena and other entertainment
                             venues


“United States”, “U.S.” or   the United States of America, including its territories and possessions and all areas subject
  “U.S.A.”                   to its jurisdiction


“US$” or “U.S. dollars”      United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“U.S. GAAP”                  accounting principles generally accepted in the United States


“VCHL”                       our subsidiary, Venetian Concession Holding Limited, an exempted company with limited
                             liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 11, 2022




                                                      215
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                             7. GLOSSARY




“VCL”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Cotai, S.A. (also known as Venetian Cotai Limited), a public
                                company limited by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on November 11, 2004, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that
                                reverted to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate


“Venetian Casino”               Venetian Casino Resort, LLC, a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“VIP player(s)”                 Rolling Chip players who play almost exclusively in dedicated VIP rooms or designated
                                casino or gaming areas and are sourced from gaming promoters


“VIP room(s)”                   rooms or designated areas within a casino or gaming area where VIP players and premium
                                players gamble


“visit(s)” or “visitation(s)”   with respect to visitation of our properties, the number of times a property is entered
                                during a fixed time period. Estimates of the number of visits to our properties is based on
                                information collected from digital cameras placed above every entrance in our properties,
                                which use video signal image processor detection and include repeat visitors to our
                                properties on a given day


“VML”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Macau, S.A. (also known as Venetian Macau Limited), a public
                                company limited by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on June 21, 2002, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that reverted
                                to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate, one of the three
                                Subconcessionaires and the holder of the Subconcession until December 31, 2022, and
                                one of the six Concessionaires and the holder of the Concession effective January 1, 2023


“VOL”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Orient Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on February 2, 2006, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that
                                reverted to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate


“VVDIL”                         our subsidiary, Venetian Venture Development Intermediate Limited, an exempted
                                company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 21, 2002


“VVDI (II)”                     our immediate Controlling Shareholder, Venetian Venture Development Intermediate II, an
                                exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 23,
                                2003 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of LVS


“Wynn Resorts Macau”            Wynn Resorts (Macau) S.A., one of the six Concessionaires




                                                         216
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
  Stock Code: 1928
www.sandschina.com
