  Stock Code: 1928
www.sandschina.com
From Luxury Duty
Free Shopping, Exciting
Entertainment and
Fabulous Dining
to World-Class Hotel
Suites and MICE,
Come and Discover
Everything at Sands China.
               SANDS CHINA LTD.


             CONTENTS

1. OVERVIEW                                             4

     1.1   Financial Results Summary                    4
     1.2   Highlights of 2022                           5
     1.3   Directors and Senior Management             12


2. BUSINESS REVIEW                                    19

     2.1   Chairman’s Statement                        19
     2.2   Business Overview and Outlook               21
     2.3   Concession                                  28
     2.4   Our Properties                              33
     2.5   Management Discussion and Analysis          42
     2.6   Priority Risk Factors                       58
     2.7   Stakeholder Information                     69


3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                      76
   REPORT

     3.1   Introduction                                76
     3.2   Corporate Governance Code
           Compliance                                  76
     3.3   Culture                                     77
     3.4   Board Governance Structure                  78
     3.5   Risk Management and Internal Control 96
     3.6   Shareholders                               101
     3.7	Compliance Disclosures and
           Other Matters                              104
     3.8   Directors’ Report                          106


4. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                              129

     4.1   Independent Auditor’s Report               129
     4.2   Financial Statements                       133
     4.3   Notes to the Consolidated
           Financial Statements                       139
     4.4   Financial Summary                          216


5. CORPORATE INFORMATION                             217

6. CONTACT US                                        218

7. GLOSSARY                                          219




In case of any inconsistency between the English version
and the Chinese version of this Annual Report, the English
version shall prevail.
        SANDS CHINA LTD.


1.1 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




               2
       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               SANDS CHINA LTD.


  1.1 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




our
Luxurious
Hotel Rooms and
Suites
await you.
Sands China operates the largest collection of
integrated resorts in Macao. At December 31, 2022,
we had 12,392 hotel rooms and suites (including 19
ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions), 2.1 million square
feet of retail malls with 146 restaurants and food
outlets, 1.7 million square feet of MICE space,
4 permanent theaters, 2 arenas and some of the
world’s largest casinos.




                      3
              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              1.1 FINANCIAL RESULTS SUMMARY




•     All of our operating segments and business categories in 2022 continued to be impacted by the COVID-19 Pandemic.


•     Total net revenues for the Group were US$1.61 billion (HK$12.51 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2022, a
      decrease of 44.2%, compared to US$2.87 billion (HK$22.42 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2021.


•     Loss for the Group was US$1.58 billion (HK$12.33 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of
      US$1.05 billion (HK$8.17 billion) for the year ended December 31, 2021.


•     Adjusted property EBITDA loss for the Group was US$323 million (HK$2.52 billion) for the year ended December 31,
      2022, compared to adjusted property EBITDA of US$341 million (HK$2.66 billion) for the year ended December 31,
      2021.

Note: The translation of US$ amounts into HK$ amounts or vice versa has been made at the rate of US$1.00 to HK$7.7962 (2021: US$1.00 to
      HK$7.7994) for the purposes of illustration only.




                                                                  4
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




Business
During 2022, we achieved milestones in advancing several of our strategic objectives. We were awarded a new 10-year gaming
concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao. We completed the Londoner Arena and the expansion of
Shoppes at Londoner during the first half of 2022, which marks the completion of the conversion of Sands Cotai Central into
The Londoner Macao.

In addition, in support of the Macao government’s anti-epidemic initiatives, The Venetian Macao’s Cotai Expo was selected as
a testing site for several rounds of city-wide mass nucleic acid test, and was also provided as a vaccination site for our team
members and the general public during the year. Furthermore, the Sheraton Grand Macao and The Parisian Macao were
offered on several occasions throughout the year for medical observation purposes.

The following sets out some of the highlights of the business in 2022:

•    #1 market share for room production in Macao on China’s #1 travel platform — Ctrip
     o     Three properties ranked in the top 3 for total room production and gross merchandise value (GMV) in Macao on
           Ctrip (1st — The Venetian Macao; 2nd — The Parisian Macao; 3rd — Sheraton Grand Macao)
•    #1 market share for room production in Macao on one of China’s top travel platforms — Meituan
•    #1 market share for room production in Macao on Fliggy — Alibaba’s travel platform
     o    Three properties ranked in the top 3 for room production in Macao on Fliggy (1st — Sheraton Grand Macao; 2nd
          — The Venetian Macao; 3rd — The Parisian Macao)
•    Second consecutive year of hosting Trip.com Group Global Partner Summit — the biggest annual event for the Trip.com
     Group
•    Second consecutive year of hosting Trip.com Group Gourmet Global Restaurant Awards Ceremony; and The First
     Metaverse Gourmet Event held at the metaverse venue of The Londoner Macao
•    Received most number of awards in Macao from Trip.com Group
     o     Sands Resorts Macao — Outstanding Strategic Partner of the Year
     o     Sands Resorts Macao — Global Partner Awards
     o     Sands Resorts Macao — Strategic Partner of the Year
     o     The Londoner Macao — Best Luxury Hotels of the Year
     o     The Venetian Macao — Family-friendly Hotel Ranking
     o     The Parisian Macao — Scenic Hotel Ranking
     o     Conrad Macao — Family-friendly Hotel Ranking
     o     Sheraton Grand Macao — Family-friendly Hotel Ranking
     o     The St. Regis Macao — Luxury Hotel Ranking
     o     Four Seasons Macao — Luxury Hotel Ranking
•    Received most number of awards in Macao from Meituan
     o     Sands Resorts Macao — In-depth Partnership
     o     Sands Resorts Macao — Outstanding Partnership (Hotel Group)
     o     The Venetian Macao — Outstanding Partnership (Hotel)
     o     The Parisian Macao — Outstanding Partnership (Hotel)
     o     Sheraton Grand Macao — Most Popular Brand (Hotel)
•    Received “Best Partner of the Year Awards” for Sands Flagship store from Fliggy
•    Fifth consecutive year of hosting “JSTV Countdown Concert” (China’s #1 rated New Year’s Eve TV Concert) — JiangSu
     TV, China’s leading free-to-air TV network with nationwide coverage
•    Hosted Youku’s S-class dancing competition online show “The Final of the Fifth Season — Street Dance of China” —
     Youku, China’s leading online video and streaming platform




                                                              5
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




•   Leveraged our digital/technological capabilities to drive trips and enhance customer experience of high-value customers:
    o     First in Macao to have precise algorithmic and systematic yielding maximization capabilities to target high-value
          customers through mobile applications
    o     First in Macao to expand the personalized 24-hour service communication system to our in-house premium guests
•   Achieved MOP5.7 billion in offline spending on Alipay and WeChat pay at our properties, returned to pre-COVID-19 level
•   With the return of leisure and MICE trade events across China and internationally, in an effort to showcase the return
    of Sands Resorts Macao as Asia’s leading meetings and events destination, we attended 10 internationally recognized
    leisure and MICE trade events across China, Asia Pacific, U.S.A. and Europe including ILTM Singapore, ILTM Cannes, and
    IMEX America. Additionally we hosted customer interactions both virtually from our virtual studio “Smart Stage” and
    in-person across key cities including Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Zhuhai, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Shanghai, Suzhou, Nanjing,
    Hangzhou, Hong Kong, Las Vegas, and Singapore. A highlight of our product showcased in 2022 including the unveiling
    of The Londoner Macao, the Londoner Arena and its two new all-suite hotels — The Londoner Macao Hotel and
    Londoner Court
•   The themed experience at The Londoner Macao was continuously enhanced with new streetmosphere acts and the
    launch of new attraction. In collaboration with the Macao Government Tourist Office, The Londoner Light and Sound
    Spectacular, an annual light festival, revealed a stunning new light show, which spans over 400 meters across the
    Londoner façade and takes place nightly choreographed to authentic British musical scores
•   Special events were hosted throughout the year to drive visitation to our integrated resorts. These included The Diamond
    Exchange Gala Dinner in collaboration with the China High Quality Consumption Exhibition, and joining the Greater Bay
    Area events
•   To celebrate important festive periods, we hosted Seasons of Prosperity 2022 Chinese New Year Celebration, The Parisian
    Macao’s Eiffel Tower Grand Illumination Chinese New Year Show, and we set up our Winter Celebration 2022. These
    featured festive decorations across the resorts including the Parisian inverted Christmas tree, The Venetian Macao lagoon
    decorations, and the Place Vendome 3D Light and Sound Spectacular Magic of Christmas
•   Sands China was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for DJSI World for the first year and DJSI Asia Pacific
    for the second consecutive year in 2022
•   Sands China was included in the FTSE4Good Index Series, which recognizes companies demonstrating strong ESG
    practices and performance
•   With the recertification of Sands Macao in 2022, all Sands China’s properties are Green Hotel Award Gold recipients
•   In 2022, Sands China was recognized by The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK)’s Business Sustainability Indices,
    earning at Top 10 ranking in the Greater China Hotel Business Sustainability Index with the additional distinction of being
    named a Pace-setter in the index. Sands China also achieved Top 20 in the Greater China Business Sustainability Index,
    9th in the Greater Bay Area Business Sustainability Index, and 9th in the Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index
•   All our properties obtained ISO 45001 certification for occupational health and safety management (OHS) to align with
    leading standards and help the resort achieve identified performance targets. In 2022, seven departments received the
    certification — food and beverage, procurement and supply chain, housekeeping, security, facilities, slots and table
    games
•   In 2022, we integrated diversity criteria into our Board Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy set out in the terms of
    reference of the Nomination Committee to comply with the new requirements under the Listing Rules on diversity, as well
    as to align with the LVS Diversity Statement




                                                              6
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                       1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




Visitation
The Group’s properties are some of the most visited destinations in Macao, attracting families, business visitors and
entertainment seekers from around the world. In 2022, all of our properties, The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The
Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Sands Macao, attracted a combined total of 31 million visitors or approximately 85,000
visitors per day.

Entertainment
Entertainment is at the heart of our business. Since opening in 2007, our 15,000-seat Cotai Arena has become one of the top
live entertainment venues in South China, hosting some of the biggest names in the industry. The theaters at The Venetian
Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao from time to time offer a variety of ticketed events from Broadway-
style musicals to classical ballet. The live entertainment program at our properties is a key traffic driver and has established the
Company as the leader in the field of tourism and leisure activities.

Due to the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on visitation to Macao, the Company’s entertainment programs were
significantly curtailed in 2022. Cotai Arena, The Venetian Theater, The Parisian Theater, Sands Theater and The Venetian Macao
hosted a total of 24 different live entertainment events in 2022. All together, these events attracted more than 24,000 visitors.
Major entertainment events held during the year included Street Dance of China Season V. The Cotai Arena was also chosen
to host one of the largest and most viewed New Year’s Eve television broadcast shows in China — 2023 JSTV Countdown
Concert, which featured performances by superstars such as G.E.M., Joker Xue, Jane Zhang, Jason Zhang, Charlie Zhou, Chris
Lee and Angela Zhang.

Our entertainment offerings include lounge acts, dancers, singers, gondoliers and street performers, all contributing to the
overall customer experience at our properties and setting us apart from other gaming destinations.




                                                                 7
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions
As at December 31, 2022, Sands China’s properties featured approximately 1.7 million square feet of MICE space specifically
designed to meet the needs of meeting planners and corporate events and trade show organizers around the world. The
Cotai Expo at The Venetian Macao is one of the largest exhibition centers in Asia and has hosted some of the region’s biggest
exhibitions. Our experience and expertise in this industry continues to drive leisure and business tourism to Macao and make
us the region’s MICE leader. MICE organizers have a diverse range of accommodation choices, including hotel brands such as
Conrad, Sheraton and St. Regis to satisfy a wider demographic of event attendees. Our “Green Meetings” initiatives as part of
the Sands ECO360 Global Sustainability Program has helped us to become one of the most sustainable and environmentally-
friendly conference centers in Asia.

Sands China attracted approximately 516,000 visitors to Macao relating to MICE events throughout the year, around 476,000
visitors attended 25 exhibitions and trade shows and around 40,000 conference and corporate visitors attended 233 meeting,
incentive and social events.

Highlights and New Shows during the year include:
•    The Cotai Expo has both ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification and ISO 20121 Event Sustainability System
     certification;
•    The Quality Brand Living and Food Expo attracting around 38,000 visitors; and
•    The China (Macau) High-quality Consumption Exhibition & Hengqin Global Bay Areas Forum attracting around 30,000
     visitors.

Returning Fairs and Expos in 2022 include:
•    The 2022 Guangdong & Macao Branded Products Fair attracting around 66,000 visitors;
•    The China Macau International Automobile Expo 2022 attracting around 43,000 visitors;
•    The 10th Macau International Travel (Industry) Expo attracting around 30,000 visitors; and
•    The 27th Macao International Trade & Investment Fair (MIF) attracting around 25,000 visitors.

Other notable events held during 2022 include:
•    The Sands Shopping Carnival 2022 attracting around 110,000 visitors;
•    The Play Hub Expo 2022 attracting around 20,000 visitors; and
•    The Macao Franchise Expo 2022 (2022MFE) and the 2022 Portuguese Speaking Countries Products and Services
     Exhibition (Macao) (2022PLPEX) attracting around 20,000 visitors.




                                                             8
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




Awards
Sands China’s properties continue to set the standard in customer service, MICE, leisure and business travel. Since the opening
of The Venetian Macao in 2007, we have received numerous prestigious awards for being Asia’s leading integrated resort
for leisure and business tourism, as well as for our commitment to sustainable practices. Awards given to our properties and
operations in 2022 include:

Sands China Ltd.
     PATA Gold Awards 2022                                              The 15th Annual TTG China Travel Awards 2022
     Youth Empowerment Initiative                                       Best Resort in China — Sands Resorts Macao

     HRoot Awards 2022
     Best HR Teams in Greater China 2022


The Venetian Macao
     World Travel Awards 2022                                           Forbes Travel Guide 2022 and 2023
     Macau’s Leading Hotel Suite 2022                                   Recommended
     — Presidential Suite
                                                                        Voyage Best Hotel & Resort Value Award 2022
     M&C Asia Stella Awards 2022                                        Best Integrated Resort
     Best Meetings Hotel (Macao)
                                                                        Target Taste 2022
     Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022                                        Best Resort Hotel Award of the Year
     Top Global Restaurant List                                         Top Chinese Restaurant Award — Pin Yue Xuan
     Platinum — Jiang Nan by Jeremy Leung
     Gold — Hiro by Hiroshi Kagata
     Gold — Pin Yue Xuan
     Silver — Imperial House Dim Sum
     Silver — North


Conrad Macao
     Forbes Travel Guide 2022 and 2023                                  World Travel Awards 2022
     Four-Star Rating                                                   China’s Leading Conference Hotel 2022
     Four-Star Rating — Bodhi Spa




                                                              9
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




The Londoner Macao Hotel
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                     The International Hotel & Property Awards 2022
    Five-Star Rating — The Londoner Macao Hotel                  Restaurant — Asia Pacific 2022 Winner — The
    Five-Star Rating — Londoner Court                            Residence

    Condé Nast Traveler                                          Target Taste Award 2022
    The Hot List of 2022                                         Best Luxury Hotel Award of the Year
                                                                 Best Chinese Restaurant Award — The Huaiyang
    The 19th Golden-Pillow Competitiveness of Hotels             Garden
    2022 China’s Best Luxury Hotel
                                                                 Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022
    The Global RLI Awards 2022                                   Top Global Restaurant List
    RLI Most Innovative Retail & Tourism                         Diamond — The Huaiyang Garden
    Destination — Shoppes at Londoner                            Gold — Chiado
                                                                 Gold — Churchill’s Table
                                                                 Gold — North Palace


Sheraton Grand Macao
    DestinAsian Readers’ Choice Awards 2022
    Best Hotel in Macao — Silver


The St. Regis Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2022 and 2023                            The 15th Annual TTG China Travel Awards 2022
    Four-Star Rating                                             Best Luxury Hotel in Hong Kong/Macao
    Four-Star Rating — Iridium Spa
                                                                 DestinAsian Readers’ Choice Awards 2022
    Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022                                  Best Hotel in Macao — Gold
    Top Global Restaurant List
    Platinum — The Manor


The Parisian Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2022 and 2023                            Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022
    Recommended                                                  Top Global Restaurant List
                                                                 Diamond — La Chine
    2022 Black Pearl Restaurant Guide                            Gold — Brasserie
    by Meituan Dianping                                          Gold — Le Buffet
    2-Diamond — La Chine                                         Gold — Lotus Palace




                                                        10
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   1.2 HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022




Four Seasons Macao
    Forbes Travel Guide 2023                                        Forbes Travel Guide 2022
    Five-Star Rating                                                Five-Star Rating
    Five-Star Rating — The Spa at Four Seasons                      Five-Star Rating — The Spa at Four Seasons
    Five-Star Rating — Zi Yat Heen                                  Four-Star Rating — Zi Yat Heen

    Condé Nast Traveler Gold List 2022                              Michelin Guide Hong Kong Macau 2022
    China Top 10 Hotels                                             One-Star Rating — Zi Yat Heen

    Voyage Best Hotel & Resort Value Award 2022                     Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022
    Best Resort Hotel                                               Top Global Restaurant List
                                                                    Diamond — Zi Yat Heen
    2022 Black Pearl Restaurant Guide                               Gold — Belcanção
    by Meituan Dianping                                             Gold — Xiao Ting
    1-Diamond — Zi Yat Heen

    Target Taste 2022
    Best Excellent Service Hotel Award of the Year
    Top Special Restaurant Award — OHTE

The Grand Suites at Four Seasons
    Forbes Travel Guide 2022 and 2023                               Condé Nast Traveler Gold List 2022
    Five-Star Rating                                                China Top 10 Hotels

    Voyage Best Hotel & Resort Value Award 2022                     Target Taste 2022
    Top 50 Must-stay China Hotel in 2022                            Best Luxury Hotel Award of the Year

    Trip.com Group Gourmet 2022
    Top Global Restaurant List
    Platinum — Vista 38




                                                           11
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                                     DIRECTORS
  As at the Latest Practicable Date, our Board of Directors consists of eight Directors, four of whom are Independent Non-
               Executive Directors. The following table sets forth certain information concerning our Directors:


 Name                                    Age       Title
 Robert Glen Goldstein                   67        Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
 Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)                 70        President and Executive Director
 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                   47        Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director
 Charles Daniel Forman                   76        Non-Executive Director
 Chiang Yun (Rachel)                     55        Independent Non-Executive Director
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink              69        Independent Non-Executive Director
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                 74        Independent Non-Executive Director
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                   65        Independent Non-Executive Director


                         Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
                                           Robert Glen Goldstein
aged 67, is the Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Director and the Chairman of the Nomination
 Committee. Mr. Goldstein served as a Non-Executive Director of the Company since May 2014 until he was subsequently re-
designated as an Executive Director in March 2015, and he was further re-designated as a Non-Executive Director in November
 2015. Mr. Goldstein was the Acting Chairman of our Board, Acting Chief Executive Officer and the Acting Chairman of the
Nomination Committee of the Company from January 7 to 26, 2021, our Interim President from March to November 2015 and
a member of the Capex Committee from March 2015 to April 2021. He was also a director of one of our Macao subsidiaries,
VML, until October 2022. Mr. Goldstein was appointed as the chairman and chief executive officer of LVS on January 26, 2021
(U.S. time). Mr. Goldstein was the acting chairman, acting chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer of LVS
 until January 26, 2021 (U.S. time) and has been a director of LVS and LVS Nevada since January 2015. He previously served
 as LVS’ President of Global Gaming Operations from January 2011 until December 2014, LVS’ Executive Vice President from
July 2009 until December 2014, and LVS’ secretary from August 2016 to November 2016. He has held other senior executive
  positions at LVS and its subsidiaries since 1995. From 1992 until joining LVS in 1995, Mr. Goldstein was the executive vice
   president of marketing at the Sands Hotel in Atlantic City, as well as an executive vice president of the parent Pratt Hotel
 Corporation. Mr. Goldstein holds a Bachelor of Arts, History and Political Science, Magna Cum Laude, from the University of
Pittsburgh and a Juris Doctorate from the Temple University School of Law. In 1980, he became a member of the Pennsylvania
                Bar Association. Mr. Goldstein was re-designated as an Executive Director on January 7, 2021.




                                                              12
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                          President and Executive Director
                                        Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)
aged 70, is our President, an Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Capex Committee and the
ESG Committee. He is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company, including VML. Dr. Wong served as our President
and Chief Operating Officer from November 2015 until February 2020. He is the chairman of the Hong Kong Film Development
   Council, the chairman emeritus of the Hong Kong Baptist University Foundation, the chairman and director of The Hong
   Kong International Film Festival Society Limited, Asian Film Awards Academy Limited and Hong Kong Institute for Public
 Administration, the chairman emeritus and director of Pacific Basin Economic Council Limited and a member of the Tourism
   Development Committee of the Macao government. He is also the chairman of the Hong Kong Arts Development Fund
 Advisory Committee since January 1, 2023 and the vice-chairman of the culture commission of the Hong Kong government
  since March 1, 2023. Dr. Wong was the chairman of the Hong Kong Arts Development Council until December 2022 and
 a member of the Cultural Industries Committee of the Macao government until March 2021. He was an independent non-
executive director of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 868) from November
                                                     2007 until June 2022.


   Dr. Wong joined the private sector in 1992 and has held senior management positions in a number of Hong Kong listed
   companies in the property development and construction business sectors including Hsin Chong Group Holdings Limited
(ceased listing with effect on December 31, 2019), K. Wah International Holdings Limited, Henderson China Holdings Limited,
 and the Shui On Group. Dr. Wong joined the Hong Kong government as an administrative officer in 1975 and subsequently
 served in a number of key positions including deputy secretary for the civil service and deputy director — general of industry.
He was appointed as a member of The Basic Law Consultative Committee from 1985 to 1990. He was subsequently appointed
  as a member of the Preliminary Working Committee for the Hong Kong Preparatory Committee in 1993 and a member of
     the Hong Kong Preparatory Committee in 1995. Dr. Wong was a deputy to the National People’s Congress of China
                                                     from 1997 to 2013.


     Dr. Wong was awarded the grand bauhinia medal, gold bauhinia star and the silver bauhinia star by the Hong Kong
government in 2022, 2015 and 2007 respectively. Dr. Wong was conferred the degree of Doctor of Humanities honoris causa
 by the Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2013. He was educated at Harvard University (MPA), University of Oxford,
  The University of Hong Kong (BSocSc) and The Chinese University of Hong Kong. Dr. Wong was appointed as an Executive
                                              Director on January 22, 2016.




                                                              13
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director
                                        Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
aged 47, is our Chief Operating Officer, an Executive Director and the Chairman of the Capex Committee. He is also a director
of various subsidiaries of the Company, including VML. Since July 2022, he also concurrently serves as Executive Vice President
   — Asia Operations at LVS, with oversight over LVS’ operations in Asia. He is an independent non-executive director and
      member of Audit and Corporate Governance Committee at Kerry Properties Limited, listed on the Stock Exchange
                                                      (Stock code: 683).


 Mr. Chum joined LVS and our Group as Senior Vice President, Global Gaming Strategy in July 2013 and served as the Chief
    of Staff from March 2015 until February 2020. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Chum spent 14 years at UBS Investment
 Bank (“UBS”) in a variety of roles, including serving as managing director, head of Hong Kong equity research and head of
  China equity research. He was named Asia’s stock-picker of the year by the Financial Times in 2011. Mr. Chum graduated
 in Philosophy, Politics and Economics with First Class Honors from the University of Oxford. Mr. Chum was appointed as an
                                             Executive Director on January 7, 2021.


                                                Non-Executive Director
                                          Charles Daniel Forman
  aged 76, is a Non-Executive Director. Mr. Forman has been a director of LVS since August 2004. Mr. Forman served as the
chairman and chief executive officer of Centric Events Group, LLC, a trade show and conference business from April 2002 until
  his retirement upon the sale of the business in 2007. From 2000 to 2002, he served as a director of a private company and
participated in various private equity investments. During 2000, he was the executive vice president of international operations
  of Key3Media, Inc. From 1998 to 2000, he was the chief legal officer of ZD Events Inc., a tradeshow business that included
   COMDEX. From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Forman was the executive vice president, chief financial and legal officer of Softbank
 Comdex Inc. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Forman was the vice president and general counsel of Interface Group Nevada, Inc., a
tradeshow and convention business that owned and operated COMDEX. Mr. Forman was in private law practice from 1972 to
1988. Mr. Forman was a member of the board of trustees of The Dana-Farber Cancer Institute until February 2021. Mr. Forman
 holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Pennsylvania and a Juris Doctorate from the Boston University School of Law.
                            Mr. Forman was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on May 30, 2014.




                                                              14
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                        SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                       Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                             Chiang Yun (Rachel)
       aged 55, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairlady of the ESG Committee and a member of the Audit
       Committee and the Nomination Committee. With over 25 years of private equity investment experience, Ms. Chiang
       is currently a director of Prospere Capital Limited. Ms. Chiang is an independent non-executive director of Goodbaby
International Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1086) and Pacific Century Premium Developments Limited (Stock code: 432), both
listed on the Stock Exchange. Ms. Chiang is also a non-executive director of Yantai Changyu Pioneer Wine Company Limited,
   listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000869). Ms. Chiang was one of the founding managing partners of
Pacific Alliance Equity Partners, the private equity division of Pacific Alliance Group until March 2018 and an independent non-
 executive director of Merlin Entertainments Plc. (ceased listing on the London Stock Exchange with effect from November 5,
2019) until November 2019. Ms. Chiang obtained her Executive Master of Business Administration from The Kellogg Graduate
     School of Management of Northwestern University and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Bachelor
     of Science degree, cum laude, from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Ms. Chiang was appointed as an
                                      Independent Non-Executive Director on October 14, 2009.


                                  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink AM
aged 69, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
  Committee, the Capex Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Hoog Antink is the chairman of the Bond Business
School Board of Advisors in Australia and the Must Sell Global Limited group of companies. He is also the former chairman of
 South Bank Corporation and Property Industry Foundation and a former member of the Bond University Council in Australia.
    Mr. Hoog Antink retired as the chief executive officer of DEXUS Property Group in March 2012, a company listed on the
   Australian Stock Exchange (ASX: DXS). Prior to joining DEXUS Property Group in 2003, Mr. Hoog Antink was the director
   of funds management of Westfield Holdings Limited in Sydney. Mr. Hoog Antink has also held positions with Greenprint
Foundation as a director, Property Council of Australia as national president, Shopping Centre Council of Australia as a director,
McIntosh Securities Limited, Sydney as a director in corporate and property, Allco Finance Group Limited, Sydney as a director
    in property finance, Chase Corporation Limited, Sydney as a property director, and Hill Samuel Limited (now Macquarie
  Bank), Sydney as an associate director. Mr. Hoog Antink holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Queensland
and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. He is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
 Directors, a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, Australia and New Zealand, a Fellow of the Australian Property
   Institute and a Fellow of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors. In 2016, Mr. Hoog Antink was awarded National Life
  Membership of the Property Council of Australia. In January 2023, Mr Hoog Antink was appointed a Member of the Order
    of Australia for significant service to the property industry, and to corporate governance. Mr. Hoog Antink possesses the
accounting and related financial management expertise required under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. Mr. Hoog Antink was
                             appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on December 7, 2012.




                                                               15
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                         SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                          Steven Zygmunt Strasser
aged 74, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Strasser has spent 28 years heading energy companies in the United States and in Asia. Mr. Strasser was, until
June 2012, (i) the chairman, director and chief executive officer of Power Efficiency Corporation, a startup clean-tech company
in the United States and (ii) the chairman, director and chief executive officer of Power Efficiency Asia Ltd. In 2001, Mr. Strasser
founded and became the chief executive officer of Summit Energy Ventures LLC, a clean-tech venture capital fund. Mr. Strasser
holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Economics and a Bachelor of Civil Law from McGill University and a Juris Doctor
   degree from the University of Washington. He also pursued post-graduate studies in international law at the University of
           Aixen-Provence. Mr. Strasser was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on May 31, 2013.


                                           Kenneth Patrick Chung
   aged 65, is an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee and the ESG Committee. Mr.
 Chung is currently an independent non-executive director of China Construction Bank Corporation, a company listed on the
  Stock Exchange (Stock code: 939), an independent non-executive director of Prudential Hong Kong Limited and Prudential
  General Insurance Hong Kong Limited and a trustee of Fu Tak Iam Foundation Limited. Mr. Chung joined Deloitte Haskins
    and Sells London Office in 1980. Mr. Chung became a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1992, and was a financial
   service specialist of PricewaterhouseCoopers (Hong Kong and China) since 1996. He was the human resources partner of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers (Hong Kong), the responsible partner of the audit department of PricewaterhouseCoopers (Hong
 Kong and China), and the global lead partner of the audit engagement team for Bank of China Limited. Mr. Chung has also
 served as the audit partner for the restructurings and initial public offerings of Bank of China Limited, Bank of China (Hong
 Kong) Limited and Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Mr. Chung retired from PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2009. Mr. Chung
  was the honorary treasurer of Community Chest of Hong Kong and the vice-chairman of International Social Service Hong
Kong Branch. Mr. Chung was also an independent non-executive director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited,
  a company listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1398) until March 2017 and an independent non-executive director
   of Prudential Corporation Asia Ltd until September 2019. Mr. Chung received his bachelor degree in economics from the
University of Durham. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, a member of the Hong
 Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Macau Society of Certified Practicing Accountants. Mr.
Chung possesses the accounting and related financial management expertise required under Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.
                      Mr. Chung was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on July 15, 2016.




                                                                16
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        1.3 DIRECTORS AND
                                       SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                            SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                      As at the Latest Practicable Date, details of our senior management are as follows:


                                           Robert Glen Goldstein
         aged 67, is the Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Director and the Chairman
                                              of the Nomination Committee.


                                        Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred)
 aged 70, is our President, an Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Capex Committee and
                                                     the ESG Committee.


                                        Chum Kwan Lock, Grant
         aged 47, is our Chief Operating Officer, an Executive Director and the Chairman of the Capex Committee.


                                               Sun MinQi (Dave)
 aged 49, is our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and is also the managing director of VML and a director of
various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Sun joined the Company as a Director of Finance in August 2007, and was appointed
as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in April 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sun
held a variety of financial controller and financial management positions with various divisions of General Electric in Shanghai
and Singapore since 1996. Mr. Sun graduated from Fudan University in Shanghai in 1996 with a Bachelor degree in Economics
and Financial Management and a minor in Computer Science and Application. He subsequently obtained a Master of Business
 Administration from the Southern Illinois University Carbondale, United States. Mr. Sun is a fellow of CPA (FCPA) Australia.


                                           Dylan James Williams
aged 47, is our General Counsel and Company Secretary and is also a director of various subsidiaries of the Company, including
VML. Mr. Williams joined the Company in 2006 and most recently served as the Senior Vice President of Legal and Company
Secretary. Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Laws (LLB(Hons)) degree from the United Kingdom and is admitted to practice law
        in the State of New York. Mr. Williams is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




                                                              17
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Something
Sumptuous
To Suit Every
Taste.
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                2.1 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to provide an update on the Company’s financial and
operating results in 2022 and the execution of our strategic objectives during the year.

Our Company’s mission remains the ongoing execution of the vision of our founder, Mr. Sheldon Gary Adelson, who passed
away in 2021. Mr. Adelson pioneered the development of the Cotai Strip in Macao, leading the Company and the team
he created in the rapid and market-leading development of a critical mass of world-class integrated resorts in Macao. Mr.
Adelson’s commitment to pushing forward with diversification and investment in non-gaming amenities in Macao was
unwavering, as was his support for a strong and healthy US-China relationship, based on robust dialogue and mutual respect.
The Company, with the full and wholehearted support of the Board and the Adelson family, continues to honor Mr. Adelson’s
vision and commitments, including through additional investments that contribute to the diversification of Macao and build
upon his legacy.

The Group was gratified to receive a new ten-year gaming concession during the year, which will enable us to continue our
decades-long commitment to making investments that enhance the business and leisure tourism appeal of Macao and support
its development as a world center of business and leisure tourism. The Company remains deeply confident in the future of
Macao and considers Macao an ideal market for additional capital investment.

Travel restrictions in place throughout 2022 meaningfully limited the ability for visitors from mainland China and elsewhere to
visit Macao. These restrictions also impacted our business in 2020 and 2021.

Throughout this challenging period, the Company has prioritized the safety and security of our team members and customers,
and on making a difference in support of those that have been impacted in Macao. We also accelerated our capital investment
programs in Macao.

Due to the ongoing impact of the pandemic and related travel restrictions, market-wide visitation to Macao was only about
6 million visits in 2022, a decrease of approximately 86% compared to 2019, and approximately 26% compared to the year
2021.

The Company’s operations in Macao in 2022 were directly impacted by the reduction in visitation to Macao. Total net revenues
for the Company were approximately US$1.61 billion, or approximately 18% of the year 2019. Net revenues decreased
approximately 44% compared to the US$2.87 billion in 2021. We operated with a wide range of cost control measures in place
during 2022 but maintained our commitments to our employees and avoided mass workforce reductions. We recorded an
adjusted property EBITDA loss of US$323 million for 2022, compared to adjusted property EBITDA of US$341 million in 2021.

Despite the travel restrictions in place during the year, our scale and financial strength allowed us to continue to provide
support to our team members and the local community in Macao and to accelerate our capital investment programs in support
of Macao’s diversification and long-term development objectives as the leading leisure and business tourism destination in Asia.

Sands China has now invested more than US$15 billion to deliver on our promise to help Macao in its economic diversification
and its continued evolution into Asia’s leading leisure and business tourism destination. Our investment includes 12,392 hotel
rooms and suites, 2.1 million square feet (approximately 195,000 square meters) of retail-mall offerings and 1.7 million square
feet (approximately 154,000 square meters) of MICE capacity.

                                                              19
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.1 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Our investments throughout 2020, 2021 and 2022 have expanded the market-leading scale of our hotel room, retail and
entertainment offerings on Cotai. These investments include the addition of approximately 1,250 new luxury suites featuring
approximately 2.7 million square feet (approximately 251,000 square meters) of new accommodation offerings at The
Londoner Macao Hotel and Londoner Court at The Londoner Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons. In addition, we
have expanded, renovated and transformed Sands Cotai Central into a new destination integrated resort, The Londoner
Macao. The Londoner Macao features additional MICE, retail, dining and entertainment offerings that contribute to Macao’s
appeal as a leisure and business tourism destination.

While travel restrictions negatively impacted the market throughout 2022, we believe the Macao market will recover and
will benefit in the future from the meaningful infrastructure investments being made in Macao and throughout the Greater
Bay Area. The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge will help Macao grow tourism and MICE business in the years ahead. It is an
engineering feat of unprecedented scale that creates a direct connection between the Hong Kong International Airport, one of
the largest and most important transportation hubs in all of Asia, and Macao.

We regard it as a privilege to continue to execute Mr. Adelson’s vision to contribute to Macao’s success in realizing its important
objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development
opportunities for its local residents, including through our Sands China Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia’s
leading leisure and business tourism destination.

We could not have achieved our many successes this year without the perseverance, hard work and dedication of Sands China’s
over 24,000 team members. I thank all our team members for their efforts and I look forward to their ongoing contributions in
the years ahead.

Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: continue the execution of our Cotai Strip development initiatives
by leveraging our convention-based integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to contribute to Macao’s
diversification. These efforts will drive Sands China’s market-leading revenue and cash flow generation as the recovery in travel
and tourism to Macao comes to fruition.

We are confident that the Company and Macao will emerge from this challenging period with unwavering optimism for the
future.

Throughout the recovery process, we will remain deeply committed to our mission of enhancing the tourism appeal of Macao,
creating local employment opportunities, investing in our people and Macao and providing growth opportunities for local
businesses while protecting our environment.

We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook that will benefit from our industry-leading
investments and unmatched scale as economic growth, wealth creation and increased demand for travel and entertainment
will continue in Asia as travel and tourism spending throughout the region recover. We look forward to sharing the Company’s
continued success with you and other shareholders at the upcoming Sands China Annual General Meeting.

Thank you again for the confidence you have placed in us.



Robert Glen Goldstein
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

March 17, 2023




                                                               20
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




We are a leading developer, owner and operator of large-scale integrated resorts in Macao. In 2022, we welcomed
approximately 31 million leisure and business visits at our properties on Cotai and on the Macao Peninsula.


Our founder, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sheldon Gary Adelson, began investing in Macao from 2002
after the award of the gaming Subconcession to operate casino games and other games of chance. His vision and goal was to
develop large-scale integrated resorts with a variety of world-class amenities and create an international tourism destination.
This facilitated in achieving Macao’s objective for long-term economic diversification and growth in tourism.


Today, with nearly 30 million square feet of interconnected facilities on Cotai, we are the largest integrated resorts operator in
Macao. Our integrated resorts not only offer gaming areas, but also the most four- and five-star rated hotel rooms compared to
any other single developer in the market. Our integrated resorts also collectively feature the largest capacity in meeting space,
convention and exhibition halls, retail and dining areas and entertainment venues. We believe our integrated resorts are unique
in Macao and differentiate us from our competitors due to size and scale, range of non-gaming amenities, and focus on leisure
and business tourism.


Macao is the largest gaming market in the world and the only location in China offering legalized casino gaming. VML, our
subsidiary, holds one of the six concessions administered by the Macao government to operate casinos or gaming areas in
Macao.


We developed, own and operate The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
Sands Macao. We also own the Cotai Expo, one of the largest convention and exhibition centers in Asia, as well as some of
Macao’s largest entertainment venues, the Cotai Arena and the Londoner Arena. Our properties collectively feature 12,392
luxury suites and hotel rooms (including 19 ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions), 146 different restaurants and food outlets, theaters
for live performances, as well as other integrated resort amenities. Please refer to section 2.4 of this Annual Report for more
information of our properties and development projects.


Our integrated resort brands, including The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao, are aspirational
and recognized throughout China and Asia for their quality and services and leave a lasting impression on our customers.


We were the first developer in Macao to feature world-class global hospitality brands in our hotel offerings on Cotai, including
the Four Seasons, St. Regis, Conrad and Sheraton.


Within our integrated resorts, we also operate some of the largest and most profitable retail malls in Asia, showcasing
approximately 700 shops, which occupy over 2.1 million square feet of retail space. Our retail malls are home to many global
luxury designer brands and leading Asian retail brands.


We own and operate Cotai Water Jet, one of the two major high-speed ferry operators between Hong Kong and Macao,
facilitating leisure and business travelers to reach Macao from points in Hong Kong, including the Hong Kong International
Airport.


During 2022, our operations continued to be significantly impacted by a global pandemic (COVID-19 Pandemic). While the
details of this impact have been disclosed throughout this report, the following discussion of our business focuses on execution
of our business strategies in a non-pandemic environment based on the assumption the global impact of the COVID-19
Pandemic will eventually diminish and our operations will recover as travel and tourism improves in our market.




                                                               21
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




KEY STRENGTHS
We have a number of key strengths that differentiate us from our competitors, including:
•   Diversified, high quality integrated resort offerings with substantial non-gaming amenities;
•   Substantial and diversified sources of cash flow from existing operations;
•   Market leadership in the growing high-margin mass market gaming segment;
•   Established brands with broad regional and international market awareness and appeal;
•   Experienced management team with a proven track record;
•   Unique MICE and entertainment facilities; and
•   Significant benefits from our on-going relationship with LVS.


BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Our business strategy is to develop Cotai and to leverage our large-scale integrated resort business model to create Asia’s
premier gaming, leisure, convention and meetings destination. Our interconnected integrated resorts, which have a wide range
of branded hotel and resort offerings, are designed to attract different segments of the market throughout the year. We believe
our business strategy and development plan allow us to achieve a more consistent demand, longer average length of stay in
our hotels, more diversified sources of revenue and higher margins than gaming-centric facilities.


Building on our key strengths, we seek to enhance our position as the leading developer and operator of integrated resorts and
casinos in Macao by continuing to implement the following business strategies:
•     Developing and diversifying our integrated resort offerings on Cotai to include a full complement of products
      and services to cater to different market segments. Our development on Cotai includes four integrated resorts,
      MICE space, retail, dining and entertainment facilities and a range of hotel offerings to cater to different segments of
      the market. In addition to The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao Hotel, Londoner Court and The Parisian Macao
      hotel rooms, we also have the Four Seasons Macao, The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, the Conrad Macao, the Sheraton
      Grand Macao and The St. Regis Macao suites and hotel rooms. We are able to leverage the recognition and the sales,
      marketing and reservation capabilities of these premier hotel brands to attract a wide range of customers from different
      market segments to our properties. We believe our partnerships with renowned hotel management partners, our diverse
      integrated resort offerings and the convenience and accessibility of our properties will continue to enhance the appeal of
      our properties to both the leisure and business customer segments.
•     Leveraging our scale of operations to create and maintain an absolute cost advantage. Management expects to
      benefit from lower unit costs due to the economies of scale inherent in our operations. Opportunities for lower unit costs
      include, but are not limited to, lower utility costs; more efficient staffing of hotel and gaming operations; and centralized
      transportation, marketing and sales, and procurement. In addition, our scale allows us to consolidate certain back-office
      functions.
•     Focusing on the high-margin mass market gaming segment, while continuing to provide luxury amenities
      and high service levels to our VIP and premium players. Our properties cater not only to VIP and premium players,
      but also to mass market customers, which comprises our most profitable gaming segment. We believe the mass market
      segment will continue to exhibit long-term growth as a result of the introduction of more high-quality gaming facilities
      and non-gaming amenities into the market, accompanied by supportive long-term trends in business and leisure tourism.
•     Identifying targeted investment opportunities to drive growth across our portfolio. We will continue to invest
      in the expansion of our facilities and the enhancement of the leisure and business tourism appeal of our Cotai property
      portfolio. Our planned development projects include fulfilling capital and operating investment requirements as part of
      Macao gaming concession and future phases of the renovation and redevelopment of The Londoner Macao.




                                                               22
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




INDUSTRY
The Macao gaming industry continued to be impacted by COVID-19 in 2022. The Macao government announced total gross
gaming revenues in Macao were MOP42.20 billion in 2022 (approximately US$5.26 billion), a 51.4% decrease compared
to 2021 and an 85.6% decrease compared to 2019. In addition, total visitation to Macao in 2022 was 6 million, a 26.0%
decrease compared to 2021 and a 85.5% decrease compared to 2019.


Macao is the largest gaming market in the world and the only location in China offering legalized casino gaming. We believe
visitation will return to pre-pandemic levels and will continue to experience meaningful long-term growth. We believe this
growth will be driven by a variety of factors, including the movement of Chinese citizens to urban centers in China, the
continued growth of the Chinese outbound tourism market, the increased utilization of existing transportation infrastructure,
the introduction of new transportation infrastructure and the continued increase in hotel room inventory in Macao and
neighboring Hengqin Island. There has been significant investment announced and recently completed by concessionaires
in new resort development projects on Cotai. These factors should help increase the critical mass on Cotai and further drive
Macao’s transformation into a leading business and leisure tourism hub in Asia.


We believe the development of additional integrated resort products in Macao will also drive a higher demand for gaming
products. Table games are the dominant form of gaming in Asia, with Baccarat being the most popular game. In 2022,
according to DICJ statistics, mass gaming and slot segments represented 76% of the market revenue. We believe we will
continue to experience Macao market-leading visitation and are focused on driving high-margin mass market gaming, while
providing luxury amenities and high service levels to our VIP and premium players. We intend to continue to introduce more
modern and popular products catering to this growing customer segment and believe our continuing improvement in our high-
quality gaming product offerings has enabled us to capture a meaningful share of the overall Macao gaming market across all
player segments.


Proximity to major Asian cities
Visitors from Hong Kong, South China, Taiwan and other locations in Asia can reach Macao in a relatively short time, using
a variety of transportation methods, and visitors from more distant locations in Asia can take advantage of short travel times
by air to Zhuhai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou or Hong Kong, followed by a road, ferry or helicopter trip to Macao. In addition,
numerous air carriers fly directly into Macau International Airport from many major cities in Asia. Various COVID-19 related
restrictions and closures continued to negatively impact these transportation methods in 2022.


Prior to COVID-19, Macao drew a significant number of customers who are visitors or residents of Hong Kong. One of the
major methods of transportation to Macao from Hong Kong is the jetfoil ferry service, including our ferry services, Cotai Water
Jet. The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge (the “HZMB”), connecting Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai, has reduced the travel
time between Hong Kong and Macao from one hour by ferry to approximately 45 minutes on the road. The HZMB is part of
the Greater Bay Area Initiative and plays a key role in connecting the cities in the Greater Bay Area, facilitating the visitation to
Macao. Macao is also accessible from Hong Kong by helicopter.


Competition in Macao
Gaming in Macao is administered by the Macao government through concessions awarded to six different Concessionaires, of
which we are one. The other concessionaires are SJM, Wynn Resorts Macau, Galaxy, MGM Grand Paradise and Melco.


Our operations also face competition from other gaming and resort destinations, both in Asia and globally.




                                                                23
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                    2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




OTHER OPERATIONS
As part of our goal to drive visitation to Cotai and improve the customer experience in Macao, we have made targeted
investments to facilitate the development of Macao’s transportation network. Our transportation operations comprise of the
high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services between Hong Kong and Macao, Cotai Limo services, Cotai Shuttle bus services,
airplane services for VIP and premium players, and travel agencies.


Cotai Water Jet Ferry Services
In November 2007, we launched our high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services between the Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal
and the Taipa Ferry Terminal near our Cotai Strip development. Prior to the COVID-19 Pandemic, we transported passengers
between the Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal and the Taipa Ferry Terminal near our Cotai Strip development with our fleet of
ferries. The Group had suspended its ferry operations between Hong Kong and Macao in response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
in early 2020 and resumed Cotai Water Jet ferry services between Hong Kong and Macao on January 8, 2023.


The Cotai Water Jet ferry services are fully managed and operated on our behalf by Chu Kong High-Speed Ferry Co., Ltd.,
through catamarans owned by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries within the Group. Each custom-built catamaran has the
capacity to carry more than 400 passengers and operate at top speeds of approximately 42 knots.


We operate our ferry services pursuant to a renewed 10-year license granted by the Macao government on November 8, 2019
with an expiry date on January 13, 2030.


Cotai Limo Services
Our Cotai Limo service fleet consists of over 100 limousines. It operates 24/7 and includes 25 signature vehicles, which are
provided on an exclusive basis to our VIP and premium players. Fleet deployment is managed through a centralized dispatch
office for all pre-booked services, while additional vehicles are stationed at various locations to provide “on demand” services.


Cotai Shuttle Bus Services
We operate a fleet of 139 (34 owned, 105 leased) complimentary shuttle buses as at December 31, 2022. Prior to COVID-19
Pandemic, these shuttle buses transported passengers between our properties and the Macau Maritime Ferry Terminal, the
Taipa Ferry Terminal and the Macau International Airport every five to ten minutes during peak periods. These shuttle buses
are also supported by an additional 25 coaches available on request to serve when demand increases. The Cotai Shuttle also
runs to and from two border checkpoints with mainland China, the Border Gate and Macao area of Hengqin Port, transporting
visitors directly to and between our properties every five to ten minutes during peak periods. The services between the Taipa
Ferry Terminal and our properties provide a connecting service for all Cotai Water Jet ferry arrivals and direct visitors to our
properties. All of these routes maintain a regular schedule, although the exact operating hours are dependent on the specific
route. Most routes operate at a minimum of 12 hours every day. Due to the COVID-19 Pandemic, the aforementioned routes
had been operating at a reduced capacity and some routes had been temporarily suspended.


In January 2023, all of these routes resumed regular operation and transported the visitors to our properties every 10 to 15
minutes during peak periods.




                                                               24
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                    2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Airplane Services
Through a shared services agreement with LVS, we have access to a fleet of 16 corporate configured airplanes. All airplanes are
owned by LVS or by various related entities of LVS’ controlling shareholder and are operated by Sands Aviation, LLC, an affiliate
of our Company. We can deploy these airplanes to bring VIP and premium players from around the globe to our properties.


Cotai Ticketing
Cotai Ticketing was established in 2007 to provide ticketing services for events at our properties. Cotai Ticketing currently
sells tickets for events at the Cotai Arena, The Venetian Theater, The Parisian Theater, Sands Theater, and other venues at The
Venetian Macao and The Londoner Macao. Cotai Ticketing has six permanent box office locations across the properties and a
call center based in Macao with three language options and direct phone numbers for Asian and North American countries. We
also sell tickets online 24/7 at our website www.CotaiTicketing.com. This website is available in two languages — English and
Simplified Chinese.


Travel Agencies
We have our own travel agency, CotaiTravel in Macao. We have also developed partnerships with a large number of tour and
travel companies throughout Asia. These agencies provide reservations for accommodation, travel to Macao and for various
shows and other activities and entertainment amenities at our properties.


Retail Mall Operations
We own and operate retail malls at our integrated resorts at The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao
and The Plaza Macao. We own over 2.1 million square feet of gross retail space.




                                                              25
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                    2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On January 19, 2012, Asian American Entertainment Corporation, Limited (“AAEC”) filed a claim with the Macao Judicial
Court (Tribunal Judicial de Base) against VML, LVS Nevada, LVS LLC and Venetian Casino (collectively, the “Defendants”).
The claim was for 3.0 billion patacas (approximately US$374 million) as compensation for damages resulting from the alleged
breach of agreements entered into between AAEC and LVS Nevada, LVS LLC and Venetian Casino (collectively, the “U.S.
Defendants”) for their joint presentation of a bid in response to the public tender held by the Macao government for the
award of gaming concessions at the end of 2001. On March 24, 2014, the Macao Judicial Court issued a decision holding
that AAEC’s claim against VML is unfounded and that VML be removed as a party to the proceedings, and the claim should
proceed exclusively against the U.S. Defendants. On May 8, 2014, AAEC lodged an appeal against that decision and the
appeal is currently pending. On July 15, 2019, AAEC submitted a request to the Macao Judicial Court to increase the amount
of its claim to 96.45 billion patacas (approximately US$12.01 billion), allegedly representing lost profits from 2004 to 2018
and reserving its right to claim for lost profits up to 2022 in due course at the enforcement stage. On September 4, 2019, the
Macao Judicial Court allowed AAEC’s request to increase the amount of its claim. On September 17, 2019, the U.S. Defendants
appealed the decision granting AAEC’s request and that appeal is currently pending. On June 18, 2020, the U.S. Defendants
moved to reschedule the trial, which had been scheduled to begin on September 16, 2020, due to travel disruptions and other
extraordinary circumstances resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic. The Macao Judicial Court granted that motion
and rescheduled the trial to begin on June 16, 2021. On April 16, 2021, the U.S. Defendants again moved to reschedule the
trial because continued travel disruptions resulting from the pandemic prevented the representatives of the U.S. Defendants
and certain witnesses from attending the trial as scheduled. AAEC opposed that motion on April 29, 2021. The Macao Judicial
Court denied the U.S. Defendants’ motion on May 28, 2021, concluding that, under Macao law, it lacked the power to
reschedule the trial absent agreement of the parties. The U.S. Defendants appealed that ruling on June 16, 2021, and that
appeal is currently pending. The trial began as scheduled on June 16, 2021. The Macao Judicial Court heard testimony on June
16, 17, 23, and July 1, 2021. By an order dated June 17, 2021, the Macao Judicial Court scheduled additional trial dates during
September, October and December 2021 to hear witnesses subject to COVID-19 travel restrictions that prevented or severely
limited their ability to enter Macao. That order also provided a procedure for the parties to request written testimony from
witnesses who were not able to travel to Macao on those dates.


On September 6, 2021, AAEC notified the Macao Judicial Court that it would not be bringing any additional witnesses to testify
in-person on the scheduled hearing dates. In submissions dated September 6 and September 20, 2021, the U.S. Defendants
notified the Macao Judicial Court that certain of their witnesses remained unable to attend the September hearing dates due
to ongoing travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. By orders dated September 11 and September 23, 2021, the
Macao Judicial Court cancelled the various hearing dates scheduled in September. The Macao Judicial Court heard additional
testimony on October 8, 11, and 15, and December 14 and 15, 2021. Certain witnesses who were not able to enter Macao
due to COVID-19 travel restrictions presented testimony in writing. AAEC presented its factual summation on January 21,
2022. On January 26, 2022, the U.S. Defendants presented their factual summation, and AAEC and the U.S. Defendants
presented rebuttal summations. A hearing was held on February 15, 2022 at which the Macao Judicial Court announced its
findings on the disputed facts. That hearing continued on February 18, 2022 for the purpose of hearing any objections to the
court’s findings. On February 28, 2022, Plaintiff submitted its legal summation to the court file, and on March 10, 2022 the
U.S. Defendants submitted their rebuttal. Final decision from the Macao Judicial Court on the merits of this action was passed
on April 28, 2022, the court ruled in favor of the U.S. Defendants. On May 13, 2022 the Plaintiff appealed both the decision
on the facts and the decision on the merits. On July 5, 2022, the Plaintiff’s submitted its appeal brief and the U.S. Defendants
filed their response brief on September 19, 2022. This appeal is currently pending with the Macao Second Instance Court. The
Company will continue to defend this matter vigorously.




                                                              26
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                    2.2 BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK




The Company is involved in other litigation in addition to the one described above, arising in the ordinary course of business.
Management has made certain estimates for potential litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual
results could differ from these estimates; however, in the opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                             27
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              2.3 CONCESSION




Until December 31, 2022, the Macao government administered gaming through concession contracts awarded to three
different Concessionaires and three Subconcessionaires, including VML. On June 23, 2022, the Macao government approved
and authorized an extension between VML and Galaxy, thereby extending the Subconcession from June 26, 2022 to December
31, 2022. VML paid the Macao government 47 million patacas (approximately US$6 million at exchange rates in effect at the
time of the transaction) and provided a bank guarantee to the Macao government on September 20, 2022, in the amount of
2.31 billion patacas (approximately US$289 million at exchange rates as defined in the bank guarantee contract) to secure the
fulfillment of VML’s payment obligations towards its employees if VML were unsuccessful in tendering for a new concession
contract after its Subconcession expired.


On November 26, 2022, the Macao government provisionally awarded six concessions to six of the bidders, including VML,
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the provision of a bank guarantee of 1.0 billion patacas (approximately
US$125 million) to secure the fulfillment of VML’s legal, contractual and other obligations, including labor obligations. By
December 9, 2022, VML had complied with all of these conditions.


On December 16, 2022, the Macao government granted VML, SCL’s wholly owned subsidiary, one of six concessions to
operate casinos in Macao. VML entered into a ten-year concession agreement with the Macao government, beginning on
January 1, 2023. On December 19, 2022, VML requested the release of all the bank guarantees provided to the Macao
government under its Subconcession, and in January 2023 such bank guarantees were released, including the 2.31 billion
patacas bank guarantee.


On December 30, 2022, in accordance with the requirements of the Gaming Law and their obligations under letters of
undertakings (the “Undertakings”), the Company’s subsidiaries VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2, entered into deeds of reversion,
pursuant to which they confirmed and agreed to revert to the Macao government the Gaming Assets without compensation
and free of any liens or charges upon the expiry of the term of the Subconcession extension period. On the same day,
VML entered into the Handover Record which granted VML the right to operate the Gaming Assets for the duration of the
Concession in exchange for annual payments of 750 patacas per square meter for the first three years and 2,500 patacas
per square meter for the following seven years (approximately US$93 and US$311, respectively). In years two and three, the
annual payment of 750 patacas per square meter will be adjusted based on Macao’s average price index for the previous year.
In years five through ten, the annual payment of 2,500 patacas per square meter will be adjusted based on Macao’s average
price index for the prior year. We are required by the Concession to operate casino games of chance in Macao. The Concession
permits us to operate the Gaming Assets at Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao and the Four Seasons
Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao. We must invest, or cause to be invested, at least 30.24 billion patacas
(approximately US$3.77 billion), including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.46 billion) on non-gaming projects
(the “Investment Plan”). As part of the investment, we are obligated to develop certain gaming and non-gaming investment
projects by December 2032 and allocate resources to, among other things, the attraction of international visitors, conventions
and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, and themed attractions, as well as
to support Macao’s status as a city of gastronomy and increase community and maritime tourism. Key areas include:
•      A commitment to expanding, enhancing and optimizing the scale and quality of its convention centers and associated
       amenities. This includes the proposed development of a new approximately 18,000-square-meter MICE facility in a
       new podium adjacent to the existing Cotai Expo, expanding the Company’s footprint of interconnected meeting space
       and enabling the hosting of additional large-scale international MICE events. In conjunction with these efforts, we will
       strengthen the planning, organization and international marketing of convention tourism to attract global multinational
       companies to host annual meetings and corporate summits in Macao.




                                                              28
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                                2.3 CONCESSION




•     The redevelopment of the existing Le Jardin (the “Tropical Garden” on the south side of The Londoner Macao) to create
      a new and unique garden-themed destination covering approximately 50,000-square-meters. The proposed garden-
      themed attraction will include an iconic conservatory in addition to themed green spaces and amenities. The conservatory
      is intended to become a Macao landmark of international renown, serving as a year-round themed attraction for tourists
      and residents alike.
•     An expansion of entertainment and sporting events and offerings to grow international tourism, supported in part by a
      meaningful reinvestment and upgrade of the Cotai Arena. We will also develop several new restaurants and introduce
      innovative international culinary concepts to bolster Macao’s status as a city of gastronomy. In addition, we will introduce
      a luxury yacht experience with on-board dining and entertainment including celebrity appearances, and water sports.


If Macao’s annual market gross gaming revenue reaches or surpasses 180 billion patacas (approximately US$22.42 billion), we
will be required to increase our investment in non-gaming projects by up to 20% in the following year. The 20% increase is
subject to a 4% annual reduction if the revenue trigger occurs in the sixth year or later of the Concession’s term (2028).


To operate casino games of chance, we must hold a gaming concession issued by the Macao government and are subject to
regulation by the Macao gaming authorities. Our Concession is not transferable and we must pay periodic and regular fees and
taxes. We must periodically submit detailed financial and operating reports to the Macao gaming authorities, as well as any
other information they may request. No one may acquire any rights over the shares or assets of VML without prior consent of
the Macao gaming authorities. Similarly, no one may operate the casino premises whose use has been temporarily transferred
to us, either through a management agreement or any other contract or through step in rights without first obtaining the
approval of the Macao gaming authorities. The transfer or creation of encumbrances over ownership of shares representing the
share capital of VML or other rights relating to such shares, as well as any act involving the granting of voting rights or other
shareholders’ rights to persons other than the original owners, requires the approval of the Macao government and subsequent
reporting to the Macao gaming authorities.


Our Concession and the applicable Macao laws require, among other things: (i) the approval of the Macao government for
transfers of shares in VML, or of any rights over or inherent to such shares, such as the granting of voting rights or other
shareholder’s rights to persons other than the original owners, as well as for the creation of any charge, lien or encumbrance on
such shares; (ii) the approval of the Macao government for transfers of shares or rights over such shares in any of our direct or
indirect shareholders, provided that such shares or rights represent, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of VML’s share capital; (iii)
that the Macao government be notified of the creation of any encumbrance or the grant of voting rights or other shareholder’s
rights to persons other than the original owners on shares in any of the direct or indirect shareholders in VML, provided that
such shares or rights represent 5% or more of VML’s share capital; and (iv) that the Macao government be given notice of the
listing on a stock exchange by any indirect shareholders holding shares representing 5% or more of VML’s share capital. The
requirements in provisions (ii) and (iii) above will not apply, however, to securities listed as tradable on a stock exchange. VML
and any of its subsidiaries in which VML is a dominant shareholder are prohibited from being listed on any stock exchange.




                                                                 29
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               2.3 CONCESSION




The Macao gaming authorities may investigate any individual who has a material relationship or involvement with VML
to determine whether this individual affects our suitability and/or financial capacity. Shareholders, including LVS and SCL
shareholders who hold 5% or more of VML’s share capital directly or indirectly, as well as VML’s directors and its key
employees, must undergo a suitability assessment. They must also maintain appropriate qualifications during the Concession
and submit to the Macao Government’s ongoing inspection and supervision. VML must immediately notify the Macao
government of any fact of which it is aware that may be material to the qualification of any shareholder who holds 5% or
more of the share capital of VML directly or indirectly, or any VML officer, director or key employee. In addition to having
the authority to deny an application for a finding of unsuitability, the Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to
disapprove a change in corporate position. If the Macao gaming authorities determined that one of VML’s officers, directors
or key employees is unsuitable, we would be required to sever all ties with that individual. In addition, the Macao gaming
authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any employee who refuses to submit the required documentation.
A person may be deemed unsuitable if they fail or refuse to apply for a finding of suitability after being ordered to do so by the
Macao gaming authorities.


Any shareholder deemed unsuitable who continues to hold, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership in the shares of
VML (or any other Macao registered subsidiary of the Company) for longer than the period prescribed by the Macao gaming
authorities may lose their rights to the shares. After we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a shareholder or to have
any other relationship with us, we will be subject to disciplinary action if we:
•     pay that person any dividend or interest upon the shares;
•     allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through shares held by that person;
•     pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or
•     fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require that person to relinquish the shares.


The Macao gaming authorities also have the authority to approve all persons who own or control the shares of a
Concessionaire.


In addition, prior approval from the Macao gaming authorities is required for any loan or similar financing transaction
exceeding 100 million patacas (approximately $12 million) where VML is a borrower or a lender, or which involves the creation
of liens and encumbrances over VML’s assets or shares.


Macao gaming authorities must also be notified five days in advance of any relevant financial decision, including the internal
movement of funds that exceeds 50% of VML’s share capital and any other financial decision that exceeds 10% of VML’s share
capital, including financial decisions related to remunerations and employee benefits.


The Macao gaming authorities must approve any change in control of VML resulting from a merger, consolidation, acquisition
of shares or assets, management or consulting agreement, or any other act or conduct whereby a person obtains control.
Entities seeking to acquire control must first satisfy the Macao gaming authorities on a number of strict criteria. As part of the
approval process, the Macao gaming authorities may also require an investigation and suitability assessment be carried out into
controlling shareholders, officers, directors and other individuals with a material relationship or involvement with the entity
proposing to acquire control.




                                                               30
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              2.3 CONCESSION




Any recapitalization plan proposed by VML’s board of directors must be approved by the Macao gaming authorities prior to
implementation. If deemed necessary, the Chief Executive of Macao may also require VML to increase its share capital.


The Concession also permits the Macao government to request modifications to the plans and specifications of our Macao
properties, as well as to make various other decisions and determinations that may be binding on us. For instance, the Macao
government may require that we contribute additional capital to our Macao subsidiaries or provide certain deposits or other
performance guarantees in any amount deemed necessary by the Macao government.


Before it raises debt or equity, VML must first obtain the approval of the Macao gaming and governmental authorities, which
constrains the company’s ability to raise additional capital.


The Concession requires VML to submit to the Macao government, three months prior to the start of each calendar year, an
annual execution plan for the specific projects outlined in the Investment Plan, detailing each project it intends to execute, the
proposed amount to be spent and the execution schedule. The annual execution proposal for the year 2023 must be submitted
by March 31, 2023. The Macao government will decide whether to approve the annual execution plan within two months of
its submission, and may request modifications to specific projects, investment amounts, and execution schedules. If any of the
annual execution proposals or portions thereof are not approved, VML must propose allocating the corresponding funds to
other projects, which are also subject to approval by the Macao government. VML must submit a report detailing the execution
of the previous year’s annual execution proposal within three months following the end of each calendar year. In addition,
VML is subject to the oversight of the Macao government in regards to the implementation of Investment Plan development
projects. VML must submit regular progress reports every two months and may be required to submit additional reports
whenever the progress of a development project is compromised.


If our Concession is terminated due to a breach of its terms, the Gaming Assets would be returned to the Macao government
without compensation, and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. In many of these instances,
the Concession does not specify a specific cure period within which such events may be remedied; instead, we would rely on
consultations and negotiations with the Macao government to enable us to remedy any such breach.


Our Concession allows us to operate casino games of chance, but excludes mutual bets, lotteries, raffles, interactive gaming
and games of chance or other gaming, betting or gambling activities on ships or aircraft.


Our Concession is governed exclusively by Macao law and we are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Macao courts in
case of any dispute or conflict relating to our Concession.


Our Concession expires on December 31, 2032. If our Concession is not extended or renewed, VML may be prohibited from
conducting gaming operations in Macao, and we could cease generating revenues from our gaming operations as of that date.
In addition, upon the expiry of our Concession, the Gaming Assets, the use of which was temporarily transferred to VML by
the Macao government, will be returned to the Macao government without compensation, along with any gaming-related
equipment we acquire during our Concession.


Under the terms of our Concession, we are required to pay to the Macao government an annual gaming premium consisting
of a fixed portion and a variable portion based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate.
The fixed portion of the premium is 30 million patacas (approximately US$4 million). The variable portion is equal to 300,000
patacas per gaming table reserved exclusively for certain kinds of games or players, 150,000 patacas per gaming table not so




                                                               31
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               2.3 CONCESSION




reserved, and 1,000 patacas per electrical or mechanical gaming machine, including slot machines (approximately US$37,360,
US$18,680 and US$125, respectively), subject to a minimum of 76 million patacas (approximately US$9 million). In addition,
we must pay a special gaming tax of 35% of gross gaming revenues and withholding taxes where applicable. We are also
required to pay a special annual gaming premium if the average of the gross gaming revenues of our gaming tables and
our electrical or mechanical gaming machines, including slot machines, is lower than a certain minimum amount set by the
Macao government, with the special premium being the difference between the special gaming tax based on the actual gross
gaming revenues and the minimum amount. The minimum amount set by the Macao government is 7 million patacas per
gaming table and 300,000 patacas per gaming machine (approximately US$1 million and US$37,360). Based on the maximum
number of gaming tables and gaming machines we are currently authorized to operate, if the aggregate monthly special
gaming taxes paid during the year is less than 4.50 billion patacas (approximately US$561 million), we would be required to
pay the difference as the special annual gaming premium. During the year ended December 31, 2019, prior to the COVID-19
Pandemic, we paid a total of 24.56 billion patacas (approximately US$3.04 billion) in special gaming taxes and, as a result,
would not have had to pay a special gaming premium.


VML must also contribute 5% of its annual gross gaming revenue to entities designated by the Macao government, including
2% to a public fund for the purpose of promoting, developing or researching cultural, social, economic, educational, scientific,
academic and charitable activities, and 3% for urban construction development, the promotion of tourism and the provision of
social security. For the sake of public interest, in particular if VML can successfully develop foreign tourism and attract foreign
tourists to Macao for the purpose of gaming, the Chief Executive of Macao may, after hearing the opinion of the gaming
regulator, reduce or exempt VML from paying the 5% contribution.




                                                               32
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                                                 2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Our operations consist of The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao, Sands Macao
and other operations that support these properties, including our high-speed Cotai Water Jet ferry services operating between
Hong Kong and Macao.


                                                                           To
                                                                                Zhu
                                   Immigration                                      hai                                 Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge


                                                                                                                                                           Hong Kong
                                                                                               Zhuhai and
                                                                                                 Macao
     CHINA                                                                                      Boundary

    (Zhuhai) Ha                      MACAO                                                      Crossing
                rbo
                                                                                 Immigration
                                    PENINSULA                                                    Facilities
                    r                                                                                                                              Macao Peninsula
                      St. Paul’s                                                                                                              A    Sands Macao
         Inn            ruins
            er                                                   Macau
                                                               Maritime                                                                            Cotai
                                                             Ferry Terminal
                                                         A                                                                                    B    The Venetian Macao
                                                                                                                                              C    The Plaza Macao
        A-Ma Temple
                                                                                                                                              D    The Parisian Macao
                                                             Outer Harbor                                                                     E    The Londoner Macao
                                                                                                                                                   Tropical Garden
                                                       Friendship Bridge                       The Fourth Macao-Taipa Bridge

                       Macau Tower

                                            Macao-Taipa Bridge
                        Sai Van Bridge                                                           Taipa Ferry
                                                                                                  Terminal                                         Macao Light Rapid Transit
                                                                                                                                                   Construction in progress




                                                                           TAIPA
                                                                                                  Macau
                                           Macao                                               International
                                         Jockey Club
                                                                                                  Airport



                                                                 B              E
                                                                      C
                                                                     D                     COTAI
                                            Lotus
                                            bridge
                  Immigration


          CHINA
      (Hengqin Island)



                                                                 COLOANE
                                                                                               Hac Sa Bay




                                                                                                     33
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The following table sets forth data on our existing operations as at December 31, 2022:

                                The Venetian The Londoner                  The Parisian         The Plaza            Sands
                                      Macao        Macao                        Macao             Macao              Macao           Total

 Opening date                     August 2007          April 2012(i) September 2016         August 2008(ii)      May 2004
 Hotel rooms and suites                 2,841                5,989            2,333                  649              238          12,050
 Paiza suites                              64                   —               208                   —                51             323
 Paiza mansions                            —                    —                —                    19               —               19
 MICE (square feet)                 1,200,000             369,000            63,000               28,000               —        1,660,000
 Theater (seats)                        1,800                1,701            1,200                   —               650           5,351
 Arena (seats)                         15,000                6,000               —                    —                —           21,000
 Total retail (square feet)           944,000             610,000          296,000              249,000            50,000       2,149,000
 Number of shops                          316                  128              109                  137                6             696
 Number of restaurants                     56                   49               23                    9                9             146
   and food outlets(iii)
 Total gaming facility                 503,000            400,000              272,000             108,000         176,000      1,459,000
   (square feet)(iv)
 Gaming units(v):
    Tables                                  632                 479                 273                 142             159          1,685
    Slots                                 1,176                 858                 796                  98             563          3,491


Notes:
(i)    The Londoner Macao consists of the Conrad tower, the first Sheraton tower, the second Sheraton tower, the St. Regis tower, which opened
       in April 2012, September 2012, January 2013 and December 2015, respectively. The Londoner Macao Hotel located at the Conrad tower and
       Londoner Court located at the St. Regis tower opened in January 2021 and September 2021, respectively.
(ii)   The Plaza Macao consists of the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, which opened in August 2008 and October
       2020, respectively. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons features 289 luxury suites.
(iii)  Includes the restaurants and food outlets which are temporarily closed in response to the COVID-19 Pandemic.
(iv)   Includes total gaming support areas of approximately 115,000 square feet.
(v)    From January 1, 2023, VML is currently allowed to operate (a maximum of) 1,680 units of gaming tables and 3,700 units of slot machines.


The Venetian Macao
In August 2007, we opened The Venetian Macao, the anchor property of our Cotai Strip development, which is conveniently
located approximately three kilometres from the Taipa Ferry Terminal on Macao’s Taipa Island and ten kilometres from the
bridge linking Hong Kong, Macao and Zhuhai. As at December 31, 2022, The Venetian Macao included approximately
503,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming supporting area comprising exclusive VIP rooms and an expansive mass
market gaming floor.

At December 31, 2022, The Venetian Macao featured 632 table games and 1,176 slot machines or similar electronic gaming
devices. The mass market gaming floor is divided into four uniquely designed areas: Red Dragon, Golden Fish, Phoenix and
Imperial House. The Venetian Macao features replicas of many famous sites in the Italian city of Venice, including St. Mark’s
Square, the Campanile Tower and Doge’s Palace. During the year ended December 31, 2022, The Venetian Macao had total
visitation of approximately 9.7 million, compared to 12.8 million in 2021 and 36.0 million in 2019.

In addition to gaming facilities, The Venetian Macao features a 39-floor five-star hotel tower with 2,841 standard hotel suites
and 64 Paiza suites. Standard suites consist of an elevated sleeping area and bathroom as well as a sunken living/working area.
We believe these designs respond to the needs of regional leisure and business travelers as well as patrons, and help prolong
the stay of leisure or business visitors in Macao, as typically seen in Las Vegas. The 64 Paiza suites range from 2,300 to 8,000




                                                                      34
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




square feet. Each Paiza suite in The Venetian Macao offers a living room, a dining room, at least two bedrooms and private
concierge service. Some larger suites include a private massage room, gym, pool and media/karaoke room.

The Venetian Macao also provides a broad selection of entertainment options and amenities that caters the mass market
customers, including families, and also targets VIP and premium players with bespoke products and services, such as the Paiza
Club. The Venetian Macao has approximately 944,000 square feet of unique retail shopping at Shoppes at Venetian with 316
stores featuring many international brands and home to 56 restaurants and food outlets with an international assortment of
cuisines. Visitors and guests can access Shoppes at Venetian from several different locations, including the main road through
Cotai, Shoppes at Four Seasons, The Venetian Macao hotel and The Venetian Macao gaming floor. Retail offerings include
a wide variety of selections, ranging from well-known international brands such as Louis Vuitton, Versace, Hermès, YSL,
Balenciaga, Furla, Hugo Boss, Coach, and Polo Ralph Lauren, to mid-level retail offerings such as Lululemon, Nike, UNIQLO,
Victoria’s Secret, Marks & Spencer, Adidas, Foot Locker, Champion and FILA. The mall has an extensive selection of high-end
jewelry and watch retailers such as Rolex, Omega, Bvlgari, Tiffany & Co., Cartier, Breguet, Piaget, Chaumet and Chopard.

The restaurants and stores are set along streetscapes reminiscent of the historical streetscapes in Venice. The common areas
within the retail space include St. Mark’s Square and three indoor canals with gondola rides.

Furthermore, The Venetian Macao features a convention center and meeting room complex of approximately 1.2 million
square feet, Cotai Expo. These MICE facilities provide a flexible and expansive space that can be configured to provide small,
mid-size or large meeting rooms and/or accommodate large-scale multi-media events or trade shows. MICE events typically
take place on weekdays to attract business travelers during the slower mid-week periods while leisure travelers occupy our
properties during the weekends. The Venetian Macao also has a 1,800-seat theater and a 15,000-seat arena, the Cotai Arena,
which hosts world-class entertainment and sporting events.




                                                             35
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Londoner Macao
The Londoner Macao is located across the street from The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao and is
our largest integrated resort on Cotai. The Londoner Macao is the result of our renovation, expansion and rebranding of Sands
Cotai Central, which included the addition of extensive thematic elements both externally and internally and was completed in
2022. The Londoner Macao presents a range of new attractions and features, including some of London’s most recognizable
landmarks, such as the Houses of Parliament and the Elizabeth Tower (commonly known as “Big Ben”), and interactive guest
experiences. The integrated resort features four hotel towers. The first hotel tower consists of The Londoner Court with 368
luxury suites and 400 rooms and suites under the St. Regis brand. The second hotel tower consists of 659 five-star rooms and
suites under the Conrad brand and The Londoner Macao Hotel with 594 London-themed suites, including 14 exclusive Suites
by David Beckham. The third hotel tower consists of 1,842 rooms and suites under the Sheraton brand. The fourth hotel tower
consists of 2,126 rooms and suites under the Sheraton brand. The Londoner Macao currently operates approximately 400,000
square feet of gaming space and gaming supporting area, with 479 table games and 858 slot machines or similar electronic
gaming devices, and includes exclusive VIP rooms designed for VIP players. The Londoner Macao also has approximately
369,000 square feet of meeting space, a 1,701-seat theater, a 6,000-seat arena and approximately 610,000 square feet of
retail space with 128 stores and 49 restaurants and food outlets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, The Londoner Macao
had total visitation of approximately 8.3 million, compared to 9.8 million in 2021 and 19.2 million in 2019.




                                                             36
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Parisian Macao
On September 13, 2016, we opened The Parisian Macao, a themed, iconic, “must-see” integrated resort connected to The
Venetian Macao and The Plaza Macao, which includes approximately 272,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming
supporting area with 273 table games and 796 slot machines or similar electronic gaming devices. The Parisian Macao also
features 2,541 elegantly appointed rooms and suites and Shoppes at Parisian comprising of approximately 296,000 square feet
of unique retail shopping with 109 stores featuring many international brands and home to 23 restaurants and food outlets
with an international assortment of cuisines. Other non-gaming amenities at The Parisian Macao include a meeting room
complex of approximately 63,000 square feet and a 1,200-seat theater. Directly in front of The Parisian Macao, and connected
via a covered walk-way to the main building, is a half-scale authentic re-creation of the Eiffel Tower containing a viewing
platform and restaurant. For the year ended December 31, 2022, The Parisian Macao had total visitation of approximately 3.3
million, compared to 5.5 million in 2021 and 13.0 million in 2019.




                                                            37
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




The Plaza Macao
In August 2008, we opened The Plaza Macao, which is located adjacent to The Venetian Macao and has approximately
108,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming supporting area with 142 table games and 98 slot machines or similar
electronic gaming devices at its Plaza Casino. The Plaza Macao also has 360 elegantly appointed rooms and suites managed
by FS Macau Lda., several food and beverage offerings, and conference and banquet facilities. Shoppes at Four Seasons,
connecting to Shoppes at Venetian, includes approximately 249,000 square feet of retail space with 137 stores and 9
restaurants and food outlets. The Plaza Macao also features 19 ultra-exclusive Paiza Mansions, which are individually designed
and made available by invitation only. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, also managed by FS Macau Lda., opened in October
2020 and features 289 luxury suites. For the year ended December 31, 2022, The Plaza Macao had total visitation of
approximately 8.6 million, compared to 12.0 million in 2021 and 24.3 million in 2019.




                                                             38
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Sands Macao
We opened Sands Macao in May 2004. Sands Macao was the first Las Vegas-style casino in Macao and currently contains a
mix of gaming areas for mass market and VIP players, and entertainment and dining facilities, and hotel suites. Sands Macao is
situated on the Macao Peninsula near the Macau Maritime Ferry Terminal, on a waterfront parcel centrally located between the
Gongbei border gate and the central business district in Macao. This location provides Sands Macao access to a large customer
base, particularly the visitors who travelled to Macao by sea arriving at the Taipa Ferry Terminal or the Macau Maritime Ferry
Terminal. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Sands Macao had total visitation of approximately 0.9 million, compared to
1.5 million in 2021 and 5.7 million in 2019.


As at December 31, 2022, Sands Macao features 289 suites, which are furnished with modern amenities. Sands Macao also
included approximately 176,000 square feet of gaming space and gaming support area with 159 table games and 563 slot
machines or similar electronic gaming devices.


In addition to gaming facilities and hotel accommodations, Sands Macao also includes restaurants, spa facilities, entertainment
areas and other amenities. The dining venues feature popular regional cuisine and include a Cantonese restaurant and an
upscale western-style steakhouse.




                                                              39
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Our Development Projects
The map below indicates the location of our existing properties on Cotai. As part of the Concession Contract, VML has a
financial commitment to spend 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.77 billion) through 2032 on both capital and
operating projects, including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.46 billion) in non-gaming projects that will also appeal
to international visitors. For details on the development projects, please refer to section 2.3 of this Annual Report.




                                                             Macau University       Taipa Hong Kong-    Macau
                                      Lake and                of Science &          Ferry   Zhuhai-      Int’l
                                       Nature                  Technology          Terminal Macao       Airport
                                      Preserve                                              Bridge




                                     The
                                   Venetian
                                    Macao
                                   (Parcel 1)
                                                                   The
                                                The Plaza        Londoner
                                                 Macao            Macao
                                                (Parcel 2)     (Parcels 5&6)


                                         The Parisian
                                           Macao                 Tropical Garden
                                          (Parcel 3)



              Lake and
               Nature
              Preserve


                            Customs
                           Immigration
                  China
                  Border

                 Company’s               Third Party
                 Operating               Development
                 Asset




                                                               40
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                       2.4 OUR PROPERTIES




Our Land Concessions
We have received land concessions from the Macao government to build Sands Macao and Parcels 1, 2, 3 and 5 and 6 on
Cotai, the sites on which The Venetian Macao (Parcel 1), The Plaza Macao (Parcel 2), The Parisian Macao (Parcel 3) and The
Londoner Macao (Parcels 5 and 6) are located. We do not own these parcels; however, each land concession, which has an
initial term of 25 years and is renewable at our option in accordance with Macao laws, grants us exclusive use of the land.


As specified in each land concession, we are required to pay premiums, which are either payable in a single lump sum upon
acceptance of the land concession or in seven semi-annual installments, as well as annual rent for the term of the land
concession, which may be revised every five years by the Macao government.




                                                            41
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



OVERVIEW
During 2022, we achieved milestones in advancing several of our strategic objectives. We were awarded a new 10-year gaming
concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao. We completed the Londoner Arena and the expansion of
Shoppes at Londoner during the first half of 2022, which marks the completion of the conversion of Sands Cotai Central into
The Londoner Macao. Additionally, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet with the LVS Term Loan to provide funds to
support, among other things, the working capital and general corporate purposes of the Group.


COVID-19 PANDEMIC UPDATE
While visitation to Macao remains substantially below pre-COVID-19 Pandemic levels, the Macao government’s policy
regarding the management of COVID-19 and general travel restrictions has adjusted in line with changes in policy in mainland
China in late December 2022 and early January 2023. Currently, visitors from mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan may
enter Macao, subject to them holding the appropriate travel documents, without having to present any proof of COVID-19
testing. Arrivals from foreign countries must provide proof of a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test or antigen test completed
within 48 hours prior to arrival. Our operations will continue to be impacted and subject to changes in the government policies
of Macao, mainland China, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions in Asia addressing travel and public health measures associated
with COVID-19.


Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, various outbreaks occurred in the region, particularly in Hong Kong in late
January and early February, the Guangdong province in March, Macao in mid-June and Zhuhai in early October, all of which
resulted in various travel, border and/or operational restrictions. Specifically, on July 9, 2022, the Macao government ordered
casinos and all non-essential businesses to close from July 11, 2022 to July 18, 2022 in an attempt to control the outbreak
in Macao, which was extended through July 22, 2022. On July 20, 2022, the Macao government announced a consolidation
period, which started on July 23, 2022 and ended on July 30, 2022, whereby certain business activities were allowed to resume
limited operations; however, casino operations resumed, but with a maximum capacity of 50% of casino staff working at any
point. Throughout August, these preventative measures were gradually reduced, as well as various restrictions on movement
between Macao and Zhuhai were progressively lifted by both the Macao and mainland China governments.


Various travel restrictions, such as border closures, mandatory quarantines and proof of negative COVID-19 testing on arrival
in Macao, among others, were in effect at various times during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in fluctuations in
guest travel and visitation.


The Hong Kong/Macao Express bus service and the ferry services between the Taipa Ferry Terminal and Hong Kong
International Airport recommenced on December 24, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively. Our ferry operations
between Macao and Hong Kong were suspended throughout 2022 and resumed operation on a limited basis on January 8,
2023.




                                                              42
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



Our gaming operations remained open during most of the year ended December 31, 2022. While guest visitation has begun
to recover with the gradual relaxation of travel and quarantine restrictions, the timing and manner in which our casinos,
restaurants and shopping malls will operate at full capacity will progressively be assessed against business volumes.


At our properties, all social distancing requirements, including those requiring reduced seating at table games and a decreased
number of active slot machines on the casino floor compared to pre-COVID-19 levels, have ceased in early January 2023.


As with prior periods, in support of the Macao government’s initiatives to fight the COVID-19 Pandemic, at various times
throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, we provided both towers of the Sheraton Grand Macao hotel and also The
Parisian Macao hotel to the Macao government to house individuals for quarantine and medical observation purposes.


Our operations have been significantly impacted by the reduced visitation to Macao. The Macao government announced total
visitation from mainland China to Macao decreased approximately 27.5% and 81.7%, during the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to the same period in 2021 and 2019 (pre-pandemic), respectively. The Macao government also announced
gross gaming revenue decreased approximately 51.4% and 85.6%, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to the same period in 2021 and 2019, respectively.


While our properties were open with some operating at reduced levels due to lower visitation and required safety measures in
place during the year ended December 31, 2022, the current economic and regulatory environment on a global basis and in
Macao continues to evolve. We cannot predict the manner in which governments will react as the global and regional impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic changes over time, which could significantly alter our current operations.


We have sufficient liquidity in place, including total cash and cash equivalents balance, excluding restricted cash and cash
equivalents, of US$790 million and access to US$541 million of available borrowing capacity from our 2018 SCL Revolving
Facility as at December 31, 2022. Restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million as at December 31, 2022 was made
available in early January 2023. We believe we are able to support continuing operations, fulfill the contractual commitments
and obligations under the Concession Contract and respond to the current COVID-19 Pandemic challenges for at least twelve
months from the end of the reporting period. We have taken various mitigating measures to manage through the current
environment, including a cost and capital expenditure reduction program to minimize cash outflow for non-essential items.


INTERCOMPANY LOAN AGREEMENT WITH LVS
On July 11, 2022, we entered into an intercompany term loan agreement with our Controlling Shareholder, LVS, in the amount
of US$1.0 billion, which is repayable on July 11, 2028. In the first two years from July 11, 2022, we will have the option to elect
to pay cash interest at 5% per annum or payment-in-kind interest at 6% per annum by adding the amount of such interest to
the then-outstanding principal amount of the loan, following which only cash interest at 5% per annum will be payable. This
loan is unsecured and subordinated to all third party unsecured indebtedness and other obligations of the Group.




                                                               43
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



KEY OPERATING REVENUE MEASUREMENTS
Operating revenues at The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Plaza Macao are dependent
upon the volume of customers who stay at the hotel, which affects the price that can be charged for hotel rooms and our
gaming volume. Operating revenues at Sands Macao are principally driven by casino customers who visit the properties on a
daily basis.


Management utilizes the following volume and pricing measures in order to evaluate past performance and assist in forecasting
future revenues. The various volume measurements indicate our ability to attract customers to our integrated resorts. In casino
operations, win and hold percentages indicate the amount of revenue to be expected based on volume. In hotel operations,
average daily rate and revenue per available room indicate the demand for rooms and our ability to capture that demand. In
mall operations, base rent per square foot indicates our ability to attract and maintain profitable tenants for our leasable space.
The following are the key measurements we use to evaluate operating revenues:


Casino revenue measurements: Table games are segregated into two groups, consistent with the Macao market’s convention:
Rolling Chip play (composed of VIP players) and Non-Rolling Chip play (mostly non-VIP players). The volume measurement for
Rolling Chip play is non-negotiable gaming chips wagered and lost. The volume measurement for Non-Rolling Chip play is table
games drop (“drop”), which is the net markers issued (credit instruments), cash deposited in the table drop boxes and gaming
chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. Rolling Chip and Non-Rolling Chip volume measurements are not comparable as
they are two distinct measures of volume. The amounts wagered and lost for Rolling Chip play are substantially higher than the
amounts dropped for Non-Rolling Chip play. Slot handle, also a volume measurement, is the gross amount wagered for the
period cited.


We view Rolling Chip win as a percentage of Rolling Chip volume, Non-Rolling Chip win as a percentage of drop and slot
hold (amount won by the casino) as a percentage of slot handle. Win or hold percentage represents the percentage of Rolling
Chip volume, Non-Rolling Chip drop or slot handle that is won by the casino and recorded as casino revenue. Our win and
hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and
allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. Our Rolling Chip win
percentage is expected to be 3.15% to 3.45%. Generally, slot machine play is conducted on a cash basis. Approximately 9.8%
of our table games play was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended December 31, 2022.


Hotel revenue measurements: Performance indicators used are occupancy rate (a volume indicator), which is the average
percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, and ADR, a price indicator, which is the average price of
occupied rooms per day. Available rooms exclude those rooms unavailable for occupancy during the period due to renovation,
development or other requirements (such as government mandated closure, lodging for team members and usage by
the Macao government for quarantine measures). The calculations of the occupancy rate and ADR include the impact of
rooms provided on a complimentary basis. Revenue per available room (“RevPAR”) represents a summary of hotel ADR and
occupancy. Because not all available rooms are occupied, ADR is normally higher than RevPAR. Reserved rooms where the
guests do not show up for their stay and lose their deposit, or where guests check out early, may be re-sold to walk in guests.




                                                               44
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



Mall revenue measurements: Occupancy, base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot are used as performance
indicators. Occupancy represents GLOA divided by GLA at the end of the reporting period. GLOA is the sum of: (1) tenant
occupied space under lease and (2) tenants no longer occupying space, but paying rent. GLA does not include space currently
under development or not on the market for lease. Base rent per square foot is the weighted average base or minimum
rent charge, excluding rent concessions, in effect at the end of the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be
included in occupancy. Tenant sales per square foot is the reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the
comparable square footage for the same period. Only tenants that have been open for a minimum of 12 months are included
in the tenant sales per square foot calculation.




                                                             45
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021


Net Revenues
Our net revenues consisted of the following:

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2022             2021 Percent change
                                                                                          US$ in millions


 Casino                                                                              947              1,987           (52.3)%
 Rooms                                                                               184                276           (33.3)%
 Mall                                                                                354                473           (25.2)%
 Food and beverage                                                                    67                 93           (28.0)%
 Convention, ferry, retail and other                                                  53                 45            17.8%


  Total net revenues                                                               1,605             2,874            (44.2)%


Net revenues were US$1.61 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 44.2%, compared to US$2.87 billion
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net revenues decreased across most of the business categories, mainly driven by a
decrease in visitation due to tighter travel restrictions as a result of increased COVID-19 cases in the nearby region and Macao
during the year ended December 31, 2022.


Our net casino revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$947 million, a decrease of 52.3%, compared to
US$1.99 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net casino revenues decreased across all properties primarily driven by
decreased visitation.




                                                              46
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                          AND ANALYSIS



The following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2022             2021                    Change
                                                                                                        US$ in millions

  The Venetian Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                       438                   944              (53.6)%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                         1,751                 3,234              (45.9)%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                              25.7%                 27.4%               (1.7) pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                           1,295                 4,412              (70.6)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                               3.77%                 3.99%              (0.22) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                   1,132                 1,841              (38.5)%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                          3.9%                  3.9%                  — pts

  The Londoner Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                       194                   396               (51.0)%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                           896                 1,755               (48.9)%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                              21.7%                 21.6%                  0.1 pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                             936                 3,674               (74.5)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                               5.03%                 3.23%                1.80 pts
  Slot handle                                                                                     671                   962               (30.2)%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                          3.4%                  3.8%                (0.4) pts

  The Parisian Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                       116                   244               (52.5)%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                           454                 1,146               (60.4)%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                              24.9%                 22.3%                  2.6 pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                             283                   502               (43.6)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                               7.66%                 3.73%                3.93 pts
  Slot handle                                                                                     305                   787               (61.2)%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                          3.8%                  3.3%                  0.5 pts

  The Plaza Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                       146                   298               (51.0)%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                           551                 1,140               (51.7)%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                              23.8%                 23.5%                  0.3 pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                           1,452                 2,659               (45.4)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                               4.48%                 4.64%              (0.16) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                      21                    42              (50.0)%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                          9.4%                  5.7%                 3.7 pts

  Sands Macao
  Total net casino revenues                                                                        53                   105              (49.5)%
  Non-Rolling Chip drop                                                                           237                   433              (45.3)%
  Non-Rolling Chip win percentage                                                              17.9%                 17.1%                 0.8 pts
  Rolling Chip volume                                                                             192                 1,073              (82.1)%
  Rolling Chip win percentage(i)                                                               4.16%                 4.39%              (0.23) pts
  Slot handle                                                                                     409                   606              (32.5)%
  Slot hold percentage                                                                          3.2%                  3.1%                 0.1 pts


Note: As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, gaming operations were closed from July 11, 2022 to July 22, 2022.

(i)   This compares to our expected Rolling Chip win percentage of 3.15% to 3.45% (calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue
      associated with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis).




                                                                        47
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                          AND ANALYSIS



Room revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$184 million, a decrease of 33.3%, compared to US$276
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by decreased occupancy rates and decreased
revenue per available room driven by lower visitation across our properties.


The following table summarizes the results of our room activity:

                                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021            Change
                                                                                  US$ in millions, except average daily rate and revenue
                                                                                                    per available room


  The Venetian Macao
  Total room revenues                                                                            55                   77              (28.6)%
  Occupancy rate                                                                             41.7%                49.7%               (8.0) pts
  Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                   143                  155                (7.7)%
  Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                            60                   77              (22.1)%

  The Londoner Macao(i)
  Total room revenues                                                                            61                   90               (32.2)%
  Occupancy rate                                                                             26.9%                40.3%              (13.4) pts
  Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                   155                  160                (3.1)%
  Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                            42                   64               (34.4)%

  The Parisian Macao
  Total room revenues                                                                            33                   54               (38.9)%
  Occupancy rate                                                                             37.9%                52.1%              (14.2) pts
  Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                   110                  118                (6.8)%
  Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                            42                   61               (31.1)%

  The Plaza Macao
  Total room revenues                                                                            29                   45               (35.6)%
  Occupancy rate                                                                             27.5%                44.3%              (16.8) pts
  Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                   440                  438                  0.5%
  Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                           121                  194               (37.6)%

  Sands Macao
  Total room revenues                                                                             6                   10              (40.0)%
  Occupancy rate                                                                             51.1%                68.2%              (17.1) pts
  Average daily rate (in US$)                                                                   141                  138                 2.2%
  Revenue per available room (in US$)                                                            72                   94              (23.4)%


Note: As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, a number of rooms were utilized for government quarantine purposes and to provide lodging for team
      members restricted from traveling between their residences and Macao in 2022 and 2021, as well as for quarantine restrictions in 2022. These
      rooms were excluded from the calculation of hotel statistics above.


(i)   Includes Londoner Court which opened in September 2021.




                                                                        48
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                           AND ANALYSIS



Mall revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$354 million, a decrease of 25.2%, compared to US$473 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreases of US$63 million in turnover rent and
US$22 million in base rent, as well as an increase in rent concessions of US$29 million granted to our mall tenants.


The following table summarizes the results of our mall activity on Cotai:

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2022                2021           Change
                                                                                          US$ in millions, except per square foot amount


  Shoppes at Venetian
  Total mall revenues                                                                              154                   194                (20.6)%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    813,832               814,784                  (0.1)%
  Occupancy                                                                                     81.0%                 79.7%                   1.3 pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               274                   292                  (6.2)%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                         932                 1,348                (30.9)%

  Shoppes at Londoner
  Total mall revenues                                                                               47                    55                (14.5)%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    610,238               532,175                  14.7%
  Occupancy                                                                                     54.7%                 54.4%                   0.3 pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               134                   152                (11.8)%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                       1,139                 1,462                (22.1)%

  Shoppes at Parisian
  Total mall revenues                                                                               25                    39                (35.9)%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    296,322               296,322                    —%
  Occupancy                                                                                     67.6%                 74.5%                 (6.9) pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               107                   133                (19.5)%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                         338                   648                (47.8)%

  Shoppes at Four Seasons
  Total mall revenues                                                                              127                   184                (31.0)%
  Mall gross leasable area (in square feet)                                                    248,674               244,208                   1.8%
  Occupancy                                                                                     93.6%                 94.3%                 (0.7) pts
  Base rent per square foot (in US$)                                                               538                   549                  (2.0)%
  Tenant sales per square foot (in US$)(i)                                                       3,806                 6,300                (39.6)%


Note: This table excludes the results of our retail outlets at Sands Macao. As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic, tenants were provided rent concessions
       of US$70 million and US$41 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Base rent per square foot presented
       above excludes the impact of these rent concessions.


(i)    Tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the
       same period.




                                                                          49
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



Food and beverage revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$67 million, a decrease of 28.0%, compared to
US$93 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in property visitation.


Convention, ferry, retail and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$53 million, an increase of 17.8%,
compared to US$45 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by quarantine room
revenue at the Sheraton Grand Macao hotel and The Parisian Macao hotel. Our ferry operations between Hong Kong and
Macao had been suspended in response to the COVID-19 Pandemic since January 30, 2020, while the services resumed on
January 8, 2023.


Operating Expenses
Our operating expenses consisted of the following:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                 2022             2021 Percent change
                                                                                        US$ in millions


 Casino                                                                         1,077             1,653            (34.8)%
 Rooms                                                                            109               117              (6.8)%
 Mall                                                                              47                43                9.3%
 Food and beverage                                                                117               128              (8.6)%
 Convention, ferry, retail and other                                               58                53               9.4%
 Provision for expected credit losses, net                                          4                 3              33.3%
 General and administrative expense                                               546               545               0.2%
 Corporate                                                                         60                69            (13.0)%
 Pre-opening                                                                       (1)               11                N.M.
 Depreciation and amortization                                                    750               733               2.3%
 Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                               (4)               38          (110.5)%
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
   investment properties and intangible assets                                       4                19          (78.9)%
 Fair value loss/(gain) on derivative financial instruments                          1                (1)            N.M.


  Total operating expenses                                                      2,768             3,411           (18.9)%


N.M. — not meaningful


Operating expenses were US$2.77 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 18.9%, compared to US$3.41
billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by decreased levels of
business due to the continuous impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic.


Casino expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$1.08 billion, a decrease of 34.8%, compared to US$1.65
billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in gaming taxes as a result of
decreased casino revenues.




                                                              50
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                             2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                    AND ANALYSIS



Room expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$109 million, a decrease of 6.8%, compared to US$117 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by decreases in payroll, management fees and other
operating expenses as a result of lower hotel occupancy.


Mall expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$47 million, an increase of 9.3%, compared to US$43 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased marketing expenses.


Food and beverage expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$117 million, a decrease of 8.6%, compared to
US$128 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower cost of sales, payroll and
other operating expenses consistent with lower business volumes.


Convention, ferry, retail and other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$58 million, an increase of 9.4%
compared to US$53 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a one-off receipt of
insurance proceeds related to Typhoon Higos in 2021.


General and administrative expenses were US$546 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, remained largely consistent
compared to US$545 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.


Corporate expenses were US$60 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 13.0% compared to US$69
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in royalty fees due to lower
revenues across all properties.


Pre-opening expenses were a credit of US$1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an expense of US$11
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The pre-opening expenses in 2021 was primarily due to pre-opening activities
at The Londoner Macao.


Depreciation and amortization expense was US$750 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.3%,
compared to US$733 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the addition at The
Londoner Macao for those areas that were completed.


Net foreign exchange gains for the year ended December 31, 2022 were US$4 million, compared to net foreign exchange
losses of US$38 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net foreign exchange movements were primarily associated
with the US$ denominated debt.


Loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets was US$4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to US$19 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to
reduction in asset disposals and demolition costs related to The Londoner Macao project due to completion in 2022.




                                                            51
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                               AND ANALYSIS



Adjusted Property EBITDA
The following table summarizes information related to our segments:

                                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2022             2021 Percent change
                                                                                                               US$ in millions


      The Venetian Macao                                                                                  (25)                   297             (108.4)%
      The Londoner Macao                                                                                 (189)                    (84)             125.0%
      The Parisian Macao                                                                                 (103)                    (17)             505.9%
      The Plaza Macao                                                                                      81                    219               (63.0)%
      Sands Macao                                                                                         (81)                    (69)               17.4%
      Ferry and other operations                                                                           (6)                      (5)              20.0%


      Total adjusted property EBITDA(i)                                                                  (323)                   341             (194.7)%


(i)       Adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Company before share-
          based compensation, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange gains or losses, impairment
          loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets, interest, gain
          or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative financial instruments and income tax benefit or expense.
          Management utilizes adjusted property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with those of its competitors, as well as
          a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated resort companies have historically reported adjusted property EBITDA as a
          supplemental performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of their properties on a more stand-alone basis,
          integrated resort companies, including the Group, have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of specific
          properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property EBITDA
          should not be interpreted as an alternative to profit or operating profit (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows from operations
          (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow, including capital
          expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in adjusted property
          EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted property EBITDA in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as presented by the
          Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other companies.


Adjusted property EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a loss of US$323 million compared to an adjusted
property EBITDA of US$341 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by decreased visitation
at our properties as tighter border restrictions were introduced as a result of increased COVID-19 cases in Macao and the
surrounding region. Management continues to focus on operational efficiencies and cost control measures on the gaming and
non-gaming business.




                                                                               52
                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



Finance Costs
The following table summarizes information related to finance costs:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                    2022             2021 Percent change
                                                                                           US$ in millions


 Interest and other finance costs                                                    446                387              15.2%
 Less: interest capitalized                                                           (2)                (14)          (85.7)%


  Finance costs, net                                                                 444                373             19.0%


Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized, were US$444 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to US$373
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest and other finance costs of US$59 million was primarily
due to an increase in our weighted average total debt balance. The weighted average debt balance increased in connection
with a total drawdown of US$1.20 billion on the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the US$1.0 billion LVS Term Loan since July 2022. The weighted average interest rate decreased from 5.1% to 5.0% during the
year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to interest expense savings resulting from the refinancing of Senior Notes due
2023 through the issuance of Senior Notes in September 2021, which carries a lower interest rate and a reduction in standby
fees due to a lower availability from the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility, partially offset by a total increase of 50 basis points to
the interest rates of Senior Notes due to two credit rating downgrades during 2022 and an increase in the weighted average
interest rate of the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility from 2.6% to 4.3%.


The weighted average interest rates are calculated based on total interest expense (including amortization of deferred financing
costs, standby fees and other financing costs and interest capitalized) and total weighted average borrowings.


Loss for the Year
Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$1.58 billion, compared to a loss of US$1.05 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2021.




                                                              53
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We fund our operations and capital expenditures through cash generated from our operations and our debt financing. Total
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents were US$790 million as at December 31, 2022. Restricted cash and cash equivalents of
US$912 million as at December 31, 2022 were made available to use in early January 2023. Such cash and cash equivalents
were primarily held in US$, MOP and HK$.


Our 2018 SCL Credit Facility, as amended, contains various financial covenants, which include maintaining a maximum leverage
ratio or net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA, as defined. In November 2022, we extended the waiver
and amendment request letter, pursuant to which lenders, among other things, waived our requirement to ensure the leverage
ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the interest coverage ratio is greater than 2.50x, through July 31, 2023. Our compliance with
our financial covenants for periods beyond December 31, 2022 could be affected by certain factors beyond our control, such
as the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic, including travel, quarantine and border restrictions occurring in the future. The 2018
SCL Credit Facility expires on July 31, 2023; however, we believe we will be successful in extending the maturity date of the
facility prior to its expiration and obtain additional waiver extensions (if needed). If we are unable to extend the maturity date
or refinance the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, we would be required to seek alternative forms of capital to repay the outstanding
balance.


Any defaults under our debt agreements would allow the lenders, in each case, to exercise their rights and remedies as defined
under their respective agreements. If the lenders were to exercise their rights to accelerate the due dates of the indebtedness
outstanding, there can be no assurance we would be able to repay or refinance any amounts that may become due and payable
under such agreements, which could force us to restructure or alter our operations or debt obligations.


On July 11, 2022, we entered into an intercompany term loan agreement with LVS, pursuant to which LVS has extended to
us a subordinated unsecured term loan in the amount of US$1.0 billion on July 11, 2022 repayable on July 11, 2028. The loan
was provided to us in order to support, among other things, the working capital and general corporate purposes of the Group.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we drew a total of US$1.20 billion under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility to fulfill the
Concession Contract requirements and provide incremental liquidity.


We believe we have sufficient liquidity in place, including total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of US$790 million,
access to available borrowing capacity of US$541 million under our 2018 SCL Revolving Facility as at December 31, 2022.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million as at December 31, 2022 was made available in early January 2023.
We also believe we are well positioned to support our continuing operations, fulfill the obligations and commitments under the
Concession Contract and complete any construction projects that are underway. We have taken various mitigating measures
to manage through the current environment, including a cost and capital expenditure reduction program to minimize cash
outflow for non-essential items.




                                                               54
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



Cash Flows — Summary
Our cash flows consisted of the following:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2022            2021
                                                                                                   US$ in millions


 Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                              (473)                88
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (325)              (634)
 Net cash from financing activities                                                                 1,821                366

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                               1,023               (180)

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                       678               861
 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents                                                   1                 (3)


  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                          1,702               678


Cash and cash equivalents of US$1.70 billion as at December 31, 2022 includes restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912
million that became unrestricted in early January 2023.


Cash Flows — Operating Activities
Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$473 million, compared to net cash
generated from operating activities of US$88 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We derive most of our operating
cash flows from our casino, mall and hotel operations. Net cash used in operating activities of US$473 million was primarily
attributable to the increased operating losses and increased working capital requirements due to the decrease in visitation
resulting from COVID-19 travel restrictions across key mainland China markets and Macao having COVID-19 outbreaks during
the year ended December 31, 2022.


Cash Flows — Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$325 million, primarily due to the placement
of a US$125 million restricted bank deposit since December 2022 in order to fulfill bank guarantee requirements related to the
Concession Contract and capital expenditures of US$241 million, including US$173 million for The Londoner Macao, US$52
million for The Venetian Macao, US$9 million for The Plaza Macao, and US$7 million for our other operations, mainly at The
Parisian Macao and Sands Macao.


Cash Flows — Financing Activities
Net cash from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$1.82 billion, which was primarily attributable
to a total drawdown of US$1.20 billion under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility in 2022 and proceeds of US$1.0 billion from the LVS
Term Loan in July 2022, partially offset by interest payments of US$367 million.




                                                             55
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                      AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
The following table sets forth our capital expenditures, excluding capitalized interest and construction payables:

                                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                                     US$ in millions


 The Venetian Macao                                                                                      52                 71
 The Londoner Macao                                                                                     173                538
 The Parisian Macao                                                                                       3                  4
 The Plaza Macao                                                                                          9                 19
 Sands Macao                                                                                              4                  7
 Ferry and other operations                                                                              —                   1


  Total capital expenditures                                                                            241                640


The Londoner Macao is the result of our renovation, expansion and rebranding of Sands Cotai Central, which included
the addition of extensive thematic elements both externally and internally. The Londoner Macao presents a range of new
attractions and features, including some of London’s most recognizable landmarks, such as the Houses of Parliament and
the Elizabeth Tower (commonly known as “Big Ben”), and interactive guest experiences. The integrated resort features The
Londoner Macao Hotel with 594 London-themed suites, including 14 exclusive Suites by David Beckham, Londoner Court with
368 luxury suites and the 6,000-seat Londoner Arena. The Londoner Arena and the expansion of Shoppes at Londoner were
completed during the first half of 2022.


CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
Capital expenditure on property and equipment contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognized as
liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                                      US$ in millions


 Contracted but not provided for                                                                         72                 75


As part of the Concession Contract, VML has a financial commitment to spend 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.77
billion) through 2032 on both capital and operating projects, including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.46 billion) in
non-gaming projects that will also appeal to international visitors. VML is currently in discussion with the Macao government to
agree the annual execution proposal for the year 2023. Please refer to section 2.3 of this Annual Report for further information.




                                                              56
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              2.5 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                                     AND ANALYSIS



DIVIDENDS
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group has contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. Management has made estimates for potential
litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual results could differ from these estimates; however, in the
opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.


CHARGES ON GROUP ASSETS
Except for the approximately US$125 million and US$289 million of bank deposits pledged as security for the bank guarantees
required by the Macao government (see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details), none of the Group’s
assets were charged as security for any liabilities, liens or encumbrances as at December 31, 2022.




                                                              57
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We have identified and set out below the principal risks to the Group’s business. In evaluating the Company, you should
carefully consider these risks in addition to other information in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be insignificant may also have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Risks Related to Our Business
COVID-19 has materially adversely affected the number of visitors to our facilities and has disrupted our
operations.
COVID-19 has materially adversely affected the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupted our operations. While our
properties are fully open as of the date of this Annual Report, the pace of recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic has varied,
and accordingly COVID-19 continues to have a significant impact on our operations. The extent to which the adverse impact
on our business will be mitigated depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with
confidence. Such developments include the following:
•     the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19 or any other infectious diseases in areas where we operate or where
      our customers are located;
•     the manner in which our customers, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19, including the perception of
      safety and health measures we implement;
•     new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, and the actions to contain or treat it, especially
      in area where we operate;
•     general, local or national economic conditions;
•     local or national rules, regulations or policies which may restrict travel and operating hours or impose other operating
      restrictions;
•     limitations or restrictions on domestic or international travel or reluctance to travel to our properties; and
•     consumer confidence.


Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our business and financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a
result of downturns in the economy.
Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is
particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in
discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors,
such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; fear of exposure to a widespread health epidemic, such as the
COVID-19 Pandemic; any weaknesses in the job or housing market; credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs;
the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears
of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fear of war, political instability, civil unrest or future acts
of terrorism. These factors could reduce consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business
activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations.




                                                               58
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability,
civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities
and disrupt our operations.
So-called “Acts of God,” such as typhoons and rainstorms, particularly in Macao, and other natural disasters, man-made
disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war may
result, and in the case of the COVID-19 Pandemic, have resulted, in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity
in, area in which we operate, and may adversely affect, and the COVID-19 Pandemic has adversely affected, the number of
visitors to our properties. We also face potential risks associated with the physical effects of climate change, which may include
more frequent or severe storms, typhoons, flooding, rising sea levels and shortages of water. To the extent climate change
causes additional changes in weather patterns, our properties along the coast could be subject to an increase in the number
and severity of typhoons and coastal and river flooding could cause damage to these properties, and all our properties could
be subject to increased precipitation levels and heat stress. Any of these events may disrupt our ability to staff our business
adequately, could generally disrupt our operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events,
we cannot assure you any such coverage will provide any coverage or be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and
indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of,
any of our properties.

Our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel.
We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. Only a portion of our business is and will be generated by local
residents. Most of our customers travel to reach our properties. Infectious diseases may severely disrupt, and in the case of the
COVID-19 Pandemic, have severely disrupted, domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer
visits to Macao, including our properties. Regional political events, acts of terrorism or civil unrest, including those resulting in
travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of
hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. Management cannot predict the extent to
which disruptions from these types of events in air or other forms of travel would have on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.


We are subject to extensive regulations that govern our operations.
We are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business,
and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. There can be no
assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such
licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies (such as
LVS, of which we are a subsidiary) and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. Any violation of the FCPA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                                59
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering
regulations, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in Macao. Any such laws and regulations could change
or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Any violation of anti-money
laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money
laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our debt instruments, current debt service obligations and substantial indebtedness may restrict our
current and future operations.
Our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of
restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:
•      incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;
•      incur liens securing indebtedness or other obligations;
•      dispose of certain assets;
•      make certain acquisitions;
•      pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests,
       repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;
•      enter into sale and leaseback transactions;
•      engage in any new businesses;
•      issue preferred share; and
•      enter into transactions with our Shareholders and our affiliates.


The 2018 SCL Credit Facility contains various financial covenants. As a result of the impact from the COVID-19 Pandemic, the
2018 SCL Credit Facility was amended on March 27, 2020, September 11, 2020, July 7, 2021 and again on November 30,
2022 to waive those financial covenants through July 31, 2023. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain similar
waivers in the future.


As of December 31, 2022, we had US$10.11 billion of borrowings outstanding under the Senior Notes, the 2018 SCL
Revolving Facility and the LVS Term Loan, and US$541 million of available borrowing capacity under the 2018 SCL Revolving
Facility. This indebtedness could have important consequences to us. For example, it could:
•      make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;
•      increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•      impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development
       projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;
•      require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on
       our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;
•      limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;
•      require us to repurchase our Senior Notes upon certain events, such as any change in gaming law or any action by a
       gaming authority after which none of the Group members owns or manages casino or gaming areas or operates casino
       games of chance in Macao in substantially the same manner as the Group was at the issue date of the Senior Notes for
       a period of 30 consecutive days or more;
•      place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
•      subject us to higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates.




                                                               60
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit market
conditions, potential approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets, the
particular circumstances of the gaming industry, and prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as
evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. If we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash
flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing,
dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or not make dividend payments. There is
no assurance any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be
disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt
agreements.


We may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. If
we are required to raise additional capital in the future, our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things,
global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our
prospects and our credit ratings. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe
higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be further
negatively impacted. In addition, the terms of future debt agreements could require higher costs, include more restrictive
covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or be unavailable due to our
covenant restrictions then in effect. There is no guarantee that debt financings will be available in the future to fund our
obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. Our credit agreement contains various
financial covenants, we have entered into a waiver and amendment request letter with lenders to waive certain of its financial
covenants through July 31, 2023.


We extend credit to a portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from
our credit players.
We conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. Any such credit we extend is unsecured. Table games players
typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than players who
tend to wager lesser amounts.


During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 9.8% of our table games drop at our properties was from credit-
based wagering. We extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of
management, an extension of credit. These large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if
deemed uncollectible.


In particular, we expect our operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including
Macao. To the extent our Macao gaming customers are from other jurisdictions, our operations may not have access to a forum
in which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do
not enforce gaming debts and our operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Moreover, under
applicable law, our operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.


Even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a
significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.




                                                               61
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We face the risk of fraud and cheating.
Our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. Acts of fraud or cheating could
involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. Internal acts of cheating could also
be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area
staff. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. In addition,
negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future.
The hotel, resort and casino businesses are highly competitive. Our properties compete with numerous other casinos located
within Macao. Additional Macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in Macao
could add to the competitive dynamic of the market.


Our operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in Asia, including Singapore, South Korea,
Malaysia, Philippines, Australia, Cambodia and elsewhere in the world, including Las Vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise
ships that offer gaming. Our operations also face increased competition from new developments in Malaysia, Australia and
South Korea. In addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize, casino gaming.


The proliferation of gaming venues and gaming activities, such as online gaming, as well as renovations and expansions by
our competitors, and their ability to attract customers away from our properties could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Risks Associated with Our Operations
There are significant risks associated with our current and planned construction projects.
Our development projects and any other construction projects we undertake will entail significant risks. Construction activity
requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. Construction
projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors’
control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems,
work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment.
Construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits,
allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize,
prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. Construction contractors or
counterparties for our current projects may be required to bear certain cost overruns for which they are contractually liable,
and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may incur increased costs for such developments. If our
management is unable to manage successfully our construction projects, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.


The anticipated costs and completion dates for our current and planned projects are based on budgets, designs, development
and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction
development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and
as actual construction work is performed. A failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                                62
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Our Concession is redeemable by the Macao government, with compensation to us, on or after January 1,
2029.
Beginning on January 1, 2029, the Macao government has the option to redeem the Concession by providing us at least
one-year’s notice. In the event the Macao government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation
or indemnity. However, we cannot assure you if our Concession is redeemed, the compensation paid will be adequate to
compensate us for the loss of future revenues.


Our Concession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us.
Although we were recently granted in December 2022 a new 10-year Concession to operate casino games of chance in Macao,
the Macao government has the right to unilaterally terminate our Concession in the event of VML’s serious non-compliance
with its basic obligations under the Concession and applicable Macao laws. Upon termination of our Concession, the Gaming
Assets, for which use was temporarily transferred by the Macao government to VML, would automatically be transferred back
to the Macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations.
The loss of our Concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in Macao, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The number of visitors to Macao, particularly visitors from mainland China, may decline or travel to Macao
may be disrupted.
Our VIP and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in Asia, including mainland China, Hong
Kong, South Korea and Japan. Increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland
China. Slowdown in economic growth or changes of China’s current restrictions on travel and currency movements have
disrupted, and could further disrupt, the number of visitors from mainland China to our casinos as well as the amounts they are
willing and able to spend while at our properties.


Policies and measures adopted from time to time by the Chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted
to residents of mainland China for travel to Macao and Hong Kong, such as those implemented in connection with the
COVID-19 Pandemic. These measures have, and any future policy developments implemented may have, the effect of reducing
the number of visitors to Macao from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in
Macao.


The Macao government could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase
competition we face.
We hold one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the Macao government to operate casino games of chance in Macao
through December 31, 2032. If in future the Macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in Macao, we
would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.


Conducting business in Macao has certain political and economic risks.
Our business development plans, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely
affected by significant political, social and economic developments in Macao, and by changes in policies of the government
or changes in laws and regulations or their interpretations. Our operations are also exposed to the risk of changes in laws and
policies that govern operations of companies based in Macao. Jurisdictional tax laws and regulations may also be subject to
amendment or different interpretation and implementation, thereby having an adverse effect on our profitability after tax.
These changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                              63
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Current Macao laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are, for the most part, fairly recent and there
is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations. We believe our organizational structure and operations
are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations of Macao. These laws and regulations are
complex and a court or an administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and
regulations, or issue regulations, which differs from our interpretation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.


In addition, our activities are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. We cannot assure
you we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, which may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business
strategy and operations. Macao laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, such redress
is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.


The Macao smoking control legislation prohibits smoking in casinos other than in certain enumerated areas. Such legislation
may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos with smoking bans. Such laws and
regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future. We cannot predict the future likelihood or outcome
of similar legislation or referendums in Macao or the magnitude of any decrease in revenues as a result of such regulations,
though any smoking ban could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


Our tax arrangements with the Macao government may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all.
We have had the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in Macao, which exempts us from paying the 12% corporate income
tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games, but does not apply to our non-gaming activities. We continued
to benefit from this tax exemption through December 31, 2022. Additionally, we entered into a shareholder dividend tax
agreement with the Macao government in April 2019, effective through June 26, 2022, providing an annual payment as a
substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from VML shareholders on dividend distributions paid from VML gaming profits
(the “Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement”). In December 2022, we requested a corporate tax exemption on profits
generated by the operation of casino games in Macao for the new gaming concession period effective from January 1, 2023
through December 31, 2032, or for a period of corporate tax exemption that the Chief Executive of Macao may deem more
appropriate. We are evaluating the timing of an application for a new shareholder dividend tax agreement. There is no certainty
either of these tax arrangements will be granted.


We may be held jointly liable with gaming promoters for their activities in our casinos.
Macao’s Court of Final Appeal ruled on November 19, 2021 that gaming concessionaires are jointly liable with gaming
promoters, including their managers and employees, for activities conducted by gaming promoters in gaming concessionaires’
casinos when those activities relate to the typical activity of gaming promoters and are conducted for the benefit of gaming
concessionaires. The Macao legislature has subsequently, and with retroactive effect, interpreted and clarified the law
underpinning joint liability, stating that the activities of gaming promoters in the casinos of gaming concessionaires only result
in joint liability if the deposited funds or chips were used to play games of chance in the casinos or correspond to winnings from
such games. We do not currently depend on gaming promoters for any portion of our gaming revenue, but we have in the
past and may do so again in the future. Whilst we have always strived for excellence in monitoring systems and practices for
gaming promoters operating in our casinos, we cannot guarantee that we are able to monitor all of their activities. In addition,
we cannot guarantee to what extent the Macao courts will hold us liable for the past and future activities conducted by
gaming promoters in our casinos, nor can we determine what the Macao courts will consider to be typical activities of gaming
promoters given the recently enacted interpretation of relevant laws.




                                                               64
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We are subject to limitations of the pataca and HK dollars exchange markets and restrictions on the export
of the Renminbi.
Our revenues are denominated in patacas and HK dollars. The Macao pataca is pegged to the HK dollar and, in many cases, is
used interchangeably with the HK dollar in Macao. The HK dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although currently permitted, we
cannot assure you patacas and HK dollars will continue to be freely exchangeable into U.S. dollars. Also, our ability to convert
large amounts of patacas and HK dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period may be limited.


We are currently prohibited from accepting wagers in Renminbi. There are also restrictions on the remittance of the Renminbi
from mainland China and the amount of Renminbi that can be converted into foreign currencies, including the pataca and
HK dollar. Restrictions on the remittance of the Renminbi from mainland China may impede the flow of gaming customers
from mainland China to Macao, inhibit the growth of gaming in Macao and negatively impact our gaming operations. There
is no assurance that incremental mainland Chinese regulations will not be promulgated in the future that have the effect of
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi from mainland China. Further, if any new mainland Chinese regulations
are promulgated in the future that have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi
from mainland China, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in
such rules.

VML may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers seconded to its contractors under
government labor quotas.
The Macao government has granted VML quotas to permit it to hire foreign workers. VML has effectively seconded part of the
foreign workers employed under these quotas to its contractors for the construction of our Cotai Strip projects. VML, however,
remains ultimately liable for all employer obligations relating to these workers, including for payment of wages and taxes
and compliance with labor and workers’ compensation laws. VML requires each contractor to whom it has seconded these
foreign workers to indemnify VML for any costs or liabilities VML incurs as a result of such contractor’s failure to fulfill their
obligations. VML’s agreements with its contractors also contain provisions that permit it to retain some payments for up to one
year after the contractors’ complete work on the projects. We cannot assure you VML’s contractors will fulfill their obligations
to foreign workers employed under the labor quotas or to VML under the indemnification agreements, or the amount of any
indemnification payments received will be sufficient to pay for any obligations VML may owe to foreign workers seconded to
contractors under VML’s quotas. Until we make final payments to our contractors, we have offset rights to collect amounts they
may owe us, including amounts owed under the indemnities relating to employer obligations. After we have made the final
payments, it may be more difficult for us to enforce any unpaid indemnity obligations.


Human Capital Related Risk Factors
We depend on the continued services of key officers.
Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team,
including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein, Dr. Wong Ying Wai (Wilfred), Mr. Chum Kwan
Lock, Grant, Mr. Sun MinQi (Dave) and Mr. Dylan James Williams. The loss of their services or the services of our other senior
managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect
on our business.




                                                               65
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We compete for limited management and labor resources in Macao, and policies of government may also
affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor.
Our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and
employees at our properties. The Macao government requires we only hire Macao residents in our casinos for certain employee
roles, including roles such as dealers. In addition, we are required to obtain visas and work permits for managers and employees
we seek to employ from other countries. There is significant competition in Macao for managers and employees with the skills
required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals is likely to increase as other competitors expand
their operations. Such competition has intensified recently as certain skilled managers have elected to return to their home
countries due to the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic.

We may have to recruit managers and employees from other countries to adequately staff and manage our properties and
certain Macao government policies affect our ability to hire non-resident managers and employees in certain job classifications.
Despite our coordination with the Macao labor and immigration authorities to ensure our management and labor needs are
satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified managers or employees for our operations
or the Macao labor and immigration authorities may not grant us the necessary visas or work permits.

If we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled managers and employees, and obtain any required visas or work
permits for our skilled managers and employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing properties and planned
development projects could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.


General Risk Factors
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer
and our insurance costs may increase in the future.
We maintain comprehensive insurance programs for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction,
with coverage features and insured limits we believe are customary in their amount, breadth and scope. Market forces beyond
our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at
reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a pandemic or catastrophic nature, such as infectious disease, (for
example, the COVID-19 Pandemic), earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or cyber-related losses, or certain other liabilities including
terrorist activity, political unrest, geopolitical strife or actual or threatened war may be, or are, uninsurable or too expensive to
justify obtaining insurance. As a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases
in coverage levels. In addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay
the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally
uninsured. As a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future
revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.

Certain of our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance.
Failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.

Failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable
privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business.
Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of data and non-electronic information, including credit
card numbers and other information in various information systems we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with
whom we contract and may share data. We also maintain internal information about our employees and information relating
to our operations. The integrity and protection of that information are important to us. Our collection of such information is
subject to extensive private and governmental regulation.



                                                                66
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




Privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing and changing frequently, and vary significantly by jurisdiction.
We may incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with the various applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and
regulations as they emerge and change. Compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations also may adversely impact our
ability to market our products, properties, and services to our guests and patrons. Non-compliance by us, or potentially by third
parties with which we share information, with any applicable privacy and cybersecurity law or regulation, including accidental
loss, inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or dissemination, or breach of security may result in damage to our reputation
and could subject us to fines, penalties, required corrective actions, lawsuits, payment of damages, or restrictions on our use or
transfer of data.


LVS, our parent company, has experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the past and may experience
with more frequency global cybersecurity and information security threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual
attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us (as a subsidiary of LVS). There has been an increase in criminal
cybersecurity attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data
has been destroyed. Our information systems and records, including those we maintain with third-party service providers,
may be subject to cyber-attacks and information security breaches. Cyber-attacks and information security breaches may
include attempts to access information, computer malware such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt,
exfiltrate, or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition
to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data or documents,
and other forms of electronic and non-electronic information security breaches. Our data security measures are reviewed
regularly and we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for
processing, transmission, and storage of customer and employee information. We also rely extensively on computer systems to
process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. Our third-party information system service providers
and other third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements also face risks relating to cybersecurity
and privacy, and we do not directly control any of such parties’ information security or privacy operations. For example, the
systems currently used for the transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment
cards themselves, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not us. Our gaming operations rely heavily on
technology services provided by third parties. In the event there is an interruption of these services to us, it may have an adverse
effect on our operations and financial condition. Disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, or those of third parties
we engage to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we operate, through cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could
impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of our operations.


A significant theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use of information maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team and result in
remediation expenses (including liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage and offering incentives to
customers or business partners to maintain their relationships after an attack) and regulatory fines, penalties and corrective
actions, or lawsuits by regulators, third-party service providers, third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual
agreements and/or people whose data is or may be impacted. Such theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use could also result
in litigation. Advances in computer software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools, and other developments,
including continuously evolving attack methods that may exploit vulnerabilities based on these advances, may increase the risk
of a security breach or other intrusion. In addition, we may incur increased cybersecurity and privacy protection costs that may
include organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging
third-party experts and consultants. There can be no assurance the financial resources available to us relating to cybersecurity
and privacy risks will be sufficient in the event of a major cybersecurity or privacy event. Any of these events could interrupt
our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation,
litigation, fines and other liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.


                                                                 67
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                  2.6 PRIORITY RISK FACTORS




We are subject to risks from litigation, investigations, enforcement actions and other disputes.
Our business is subject to various laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties
or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or gaming promoters
could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties,
including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/
or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. The investigations, litigation and other disputes may
also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly negatively impact
our Concession. We cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future proceedings and the impact they will have on our
financial results, but any such impact may be material. While some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be
certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Additionally, changes in applicable laws or regulations that limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions,
discourage the use of plastic materials or regulate recovery and/or disposal of certain waste streams and packaging materials
due to environmental concerns may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations.

We could be negatively impacted by ESG and sustainability matters.
Governments, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on corporate ESG practices
and disclosures, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving and growing. The criteria by which our ESG practices are
assessed may change due to the evolution of the sustainability landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and
cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, stakeholders
may conclude our policies and/or actions with respect to ESG matters are inadequate and our reputation, business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.




                                                               68
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.1 OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Shareholding Analysis and our Shareholders
Share capital (as at December 31, 2022)
Authorized share capital                    16,000,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
Issued share capital                        8,093,188,866 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each

Shareholding distribution
                                                                                   As at December 31, 2022
                                                           Number of                     % of        Number of       % of the issued
  Size of shareholding                                   Shareholders           Shareholders(1)     Shares held       share capital(1)

  1–1,000                                                             428                63.88%            187,956           0.002%
  1,001–5,000                                                         184                27.46%            407,895           0.005%
  5,001–10,000                                                         32                 4.78%            261,200           0.003%
  10,001–100,000                                                       22                 3.28%            739,300           0.009%
  100,001–1,000,000                                                     2                 0.30%            411,600           0.005%
  Over 1,000,000                                                        2                 0.30%      8,091,180,915          99.975%

  Total                                                              670                     100%   8,093,188,866              100%


Note:
(1)     Percentage is for reference only, and may not add up to the total due to rounding.


The actual number of investors holding Shares is likely to be much greater, due to ownership of Shares being held through
nominees, investment funds and the Central Clearing and Settlement System (“CCASS”). Approximately 47.28% of our issued
Shares were held through CCASS as at December 31, 2022.

Shareholding by Type

  Venetian Venture Development Intermediate II                                                                               69.91%
  Institutional and Retail Investors                                                                                         30.09%

  Total                                                                                                                        100%


Based on publicly available information and within the Directors’ knowledge as at the Latest Practicable Date, Sands China
maintained a sufficient public float at approximately 30% of our issued share capital.




                                                                          69
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Creation of Shareholder value
In 2022, the Company benefited from a number of key strengths that helped differentiate our business from our competitors,
including the following:
•     Providing the highest quality integrated resort offerings;
•     The diversification of amenities;
•     Maintaining an industry-leading development pipeline (please refer to section 2.4 of this Annual Report for details of our
      development projects);
•     Utilizing established brands;
•     Operating efficiently;
•     Maintaining an experienced management team;
•     Leveraging our unique MICE and entertainment facilities; and
•     Deriving significant benefits from our on-going relationship with LVS.


Sands China had a loss attributable to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 of US$1.58 billion, compared to
a loss of US$1.05 billion in 2021. Basic loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US19.55 cents (HK$1.52)
compared to a basic loss per share of US12.95 cents (HK$1.01) in 2021.


We are grateful to all Shareholders who provide us with feedback and views. If any Shareholder has comments or questions on
what we are doing on his or her behalf, please contact us. Our contact information can be found in section 6 of this Annual
Report. We will provide an answer to your questions. We will take your comments into account and act upon them if we believe
this will improve our performance and create shareholder value.

2.7.2 OUR LENDERS
We have incurred significant capital expenditures associated with the integrated resorts in our Cotai Strip development, as part
of our strategy of building critical mass at our Cotai Strip development.


During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have funded our development projects through the borrowings from the 2018
SCL Revolving Facility. Please refer to Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for particulars of our borrowings.


We will continue to incur capital and operating expenditure under the Concession. We are required to invest, or cause to
be invested, at least 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.77 billion), including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately
US$3.46 billion) on non-gaming projects. As part of the investment, we are obligated to develop certain gaming and non-
gaming investment projects by December 2032 and dedicate resources to, among others, the attraction of international
visitors, conventions and exhibitions, entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness, and themed
attractions, as well as support Macao’s position as a city of gastronomy and increase community and maritime tourism.




                                                              70
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                            2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.3 OUR CUSTOMERS
Our properties are designed to cater to a broad range of customers:
•    Leisure customers who visit resort destinations for quality accommodation, retail, dining, entertainment, spas and
     sightseeing, and those who may opt to game as part of that experience;
•    Conference and exhibition organizers who seek an environment that attracts more buyers and exhibitors to trade shows
     and exhibitions because of the size, flexibility, quality and ambiance of the venue, business-friendly accommodation,
     dining, environmentally-friendly factors and other resort facilities;
•    Corporate meeting and incentive group organizers who value the extensive meeting facilities with environmentally-
     friendly options enabling even the largest of meetings to be held under one roof with a wide array of entertainment,
     dining and retail facilities;
•    Mass market players who represent the highest profit margin gaming segment, and are characterized by Non-Rolling
     Chip and slot machine play; and
•    VIP and premium players, who enjoy our private Paiza Club gaming floors, luxury accommodation and amenities, and are
     characterized by Rolling Chip play.


Our customers are predominantly from Asia, with our major markets being mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, India, Japan,
Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore.


We have strong relationships with travel agents and corporate and exhibition organizers throughout the region for distribution
of our leisure products and promotion of our MICE offerings. In addition, we participate in trade shows in source markets to
build brand awareness and promote our services and facilities.

2.7.4 OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY
Board oversight of ESG Issues
The Board has overall responsibility for SCL’s ESG program and reporting. The ESG Committee assists the Board with fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities with respect to SCL’s ESG issues, strategy and reporting. Please refer to section 3.4.6 of this Annual
Report for more information about the ESG Committee.


ESG Report
Sands China is committed to promoting the sustainable development of our business and of the community. In order to provide
our stakeholders with more information about the Group’s ESG initiatives and performance, the Company will publish a
separate and comprehensive ESG report for the year ended December 31, 2022, covering the requirements set out in Appendix
27 of the Listing Rules and prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.


ESG policies and performance
Our corporate responsibility platform represents our unique approach to addressing ESG issues most material to our business,
community and key stakeholders. With defined strategies supporting each pillar, we are firmly dedicated to being an ESG leader
committed to our People, Community and Planet pillars. We have an overarching ambition to drive action and create positive
impact.


We encourage and are grateful to those Shareholders who have elected to receive our annual and interim reports via electronic
means, thereby reducing the need to print hard copies of our reports. Should you wish to start receiving an electronic copy of
our annual and interim reports, please refer to section 6 of this Annual Report for more information.


To minimize the impact on our environment, this Annual Report is printed on recycled paper using soy ink.



                                                                71
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Highlights of the 2022 Environmental and Social Performance
Corporate Responsibility Platform
 Planet Pillar Ambition 2025                                  17.5% reduction in Scope 1 & Scope 2 greenhouse gas
                                                              emissions from a 2018 baseline
 Energy
 Scope 1 GHG emissions (MT CO2e):                             31,253
 Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions (MT CO2e):              348,941
 Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions (MT CO2e):                301,064
 Total energy consumption (MWh):                              698,621
 Generated renewable energy (MWh):                            81
 International renewable energy certificates (MWh):           115,000
 Water Stewardship
 Total water use (million gallons):                           1,268
 Drop by Drop Project
 The Institute of Science and Environment at the University of Saint Joseph (USJ) Macao, a third-year project grantee,
 continued to study mangroves.
 •     USJ’s annual mangrove planting supported by Sands China team members established 1,000 seedlings along the coast
       of Macao.
 •     In collaboration with USJ, we organized field research trips with local volunteers from schools, non-governmental
       organizations (NGOs), and other interested parties to collect mangrove roots, sediment, and water samples for further
       research.
 Waste
 Total waste generated (landfill, incineration, diverted) (MT): 16,595
 Responsible Consumption
 •   24% coffee and tea sourced sustainably including Rainforest Alliance certified.
 •   In 2022, we sourced over US$1.7 million of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified products including tissue and
     hand towels, paper plates, cups and napkins, coasters, bags, bamboo sticks and skewers, and some furniture and
     furnishings.
 People Pillar Ambition 2025                                  7 million hours of workforce development training
 •     In 2022, Sands China introduced new benefits for women returning from maternity leave, which include providing an
       hour off at the beginning or end of shifts for 30 days after return to help with childcare. These new benefits are the
       first among Macao integrated resort operators.
 •     52% workforce with 10 years of service.
 •     530 free booths provided at the Sands Shopping Carnival.
 •     Sands China completed its 11th and 12th cohorts in the Sands Procurement Academy, and 80 participants graduated
       from the cohorts.
 Community Pillar Ambition 2025                               110,000 volunteer hours contributed to our local
                                                              community
 •     Sands China operated the Sheraton Grand Macao Hotel and The Parisian Macao as medical observation and
       quarantine facilities on several occasions during 2022, with team members entering closed-loop systems that required
       significant volunteer time beyond their work shifts. Team members provided 2,418,672 hours supporting quarantine
       and medical observation related operations in our hotels.
 •     In addition to our significant COVID-19-related efforts, team members have contributed with 127,151 hours of
       volunteer time to the local community. Sands China team members continued contributing to preparedness efforts
       through the annual Sands Cares Global Hygiene Kit Build with Clean the World, assembling 28,500 hygiene kits
       containing soap and other amenities collected from hotels at Sands China’s integrated resorts for distribution to
       families in the Philippines facing hardship and disaster situations.


                                                               72
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




Awards and Recognitions
Sands China
•    Named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) DJSI World for the first year and DJSI Asia Pacific for the second
     consecutive year in 2022.
•    In 2022, Sands China was recognized by The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK)’s Business Sustainability Indices,
     earned a Top 10 ranking in the Greater China Hotel Business Sustainability Index with the additional distinction of
     being named a Pace-setter in the index. Sands China also achieved Top 20 in the Greater China Business Sustainability
     Index (GCBSI), 9th in the Greater Bay Area Business Sustainability Index (GBABSI), and 9th in the Hong Kong Business
     Sustainability Index (HKBSI).
•    Qualified as a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series, which recognizes companies demonstrating strong ESG
     practices and performance.
•    With the recertification of Sands Macao in 2022, all certified Sands China hotels are Green Hotel Award Gold recipients.

Macao Green Hotel Gold Award
•   The Venetian Macao
•   The Parisian Macao
•   Four Seasons Macao
•   The Londoner Macao Hotel
•   Conrad Macao
•   The St. Regis Macao
•   Sheraton Grand Macao
•   Sands Macao

2.7.5 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Details regarding the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, which have a significant impact on the Group
are provided in the Business Review section (section 2 of this Annual Report) and the Corporate Governance Report (section 3
of this Annual Report).

The Company has a formal Anti-Money Laundering Policy in place, which takes into account regulatory requirements and
expectations, as well as industry demands, to ensure that regulatory compliance is maintained at the highest monitoring
standards.

The Compliance Committee is established to assist the Board with its oversight of the compliance program with respect to
compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s business, including gaming laws and regulations; and the
compliance with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti-Money Laundering Policy, and Reporting and Non-
Retaliation Policy applicable to the Company’s Directors, officers, team members, contractors and agents. The Compliance
Committee operates under a Compliance Plan approved by the Audit Committee and is chaired by the Chief Compliance
Officer.




                                                             73
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           2.7 STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION




2.7.6 RELATIONSHIPS WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2022, our team member profile was as follows:


Number of full-time team members:                                  24,315 (inclusive of 1,825 managed by hotel partners,
                                                                   460 based in Zhuhai and 55 based in Hong Kong)
Average age:                                                       44
Gender ratio:                                                      Male 48% Female 52%
Total number of nationalities:                                     50

To attract, retain and motivate high performing individuals to achieve our goals and strategy, we determine team member
remuneration levels by referencing the performance of the individual and that of the Company. We also adopted an equity
award plan to align the interests of team members with those of our Shareholders.

We continued to manage costs and cash outflow by maintaining appropriate staffing levels, specifically through flexible
workforce arrangements during periods of reduced visitation due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. We implemented a wide range of
talent development initiatives and programs to encourage team members’ continuous professional development. Over 2022,
Sands China team members received approximately 93.3 hours of training on average, a 46% increase year over year. Among
its numerous recognized programs, “Sands China’s City of Gourmet – Youth Development and Integration Programme” won
the Youth Empowerment Initiative category of the prestigious Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) Gold Awards 2022. The
Company’s commitment and determination to put people first, through these wide-ranging, effective and innovative human
resources initiatives, enabled Sands China to win 14 human resources awards in the Greater China and Asia Pacific region.

Since the year 2020, Sands China team members provided over 7.5 million hours of community service supporting the
Company’s pandemic relief work.




                                                           74
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
           SANDS CHINA LTD.


3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Entertainment
That Is Simply
Out Of This
World.
                 75
          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.1 INTRODUCTION
Corporate governance is the collective responsibility of the Board. The Directors firmly believe good corporate governance is key
to creating shareholder value and ensuring proper management of the Company in the interests of all stakeholders.


This report describes the corporate governance framework and practices of Sands China and how these have been applied
during 2022. It explains how the Company has applied the principles of the Code. It also sets out how it has complied with the
code provisions of the Code (including any exceptions thereto).


3.2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE COMPLIANCE
Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the Latest Practicable Date, save as disclosed below, the Board
considers the Company fully complied with all the code provisions and certain recommended best practices as set out in the
Code.


Code Provision C.2.1 — Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles
Code Provision C.2.1 provides the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate and not performed by
the same individual. At Sands China, both roles have been performed by Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein since January 2021. The
Company believes the combined roles of Mr. Goldstein provide for better leadership of the Board and management and allow
for more focus on developing strategies and implementation of policies and objectives. The Company notes the presence of
five Non-Executive Directors (of whom four are independent) on the Board who bring their independent judgement to bear
on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources, appointments and standards of conduct. Furthermore,
the Company’s President (Dr. Wong Ying Wai) and Chief Operating Officer (Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant) are also Executive
Directors and assist Mr. Goldstein in his role as the bridge between the Board and the senior management and executive team
on business issues. The Company believes the balance of power and authority on the Board is adequately ensured.


Code Provision F.2.2 — Annual General Meeting attendance
Code Provision F.2.2 provides the Chairman of the Board should attend the annual general meeting of the Company. Mr.
Robert Glen Goldstein was unable to attend the annual general meeting held on May 20, 2022 due to the travel restrictions
in place as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic. In his absence, the annual general meeting was chaired by Mr. Dylan James
Williams, who together with Dr. Wong Ying Wai, liaised with Mr. Goldstein on all key matters prior to the meeting. Mr.
Goldstein was also debriefed on the meeting and any matters arising to ensure any matters raised at the annual general
meeting were followed up and considered by the Board.




                                                               76
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.3 CULTURE
Our culture inspires and challenges people to continually strive for impeccable service quality standards and excellence through
innovation and teamwork, and to have the courage to question conventional thinking in the hospitality industry, guided and
supported all the while by the Group’s values of fairness, honesty, ethics, and a commitment to sustainability for people, our
community, and the planet.


The Board is satisfied that the Group’s purpose, mission, and values align with our culture.

 Our Purpose                              Our Mission                                 Our Values


 We aim to create positive impact         We develop and operate iconic               •    Dedication to impeccable service
 through valuable leisure and business    integrated resorts that drive leisure and   •    Excellence in business performance
 tourism, contributing economic           business tourism through sustainable        •    Innovation by challenging
 benefits to our community and            business practices.                              conventional thinking in the
 making our region an ideal place to                                                       hospitality industry
 live, work and visit.                                                                •    Fairness, honesty and a strong code
                                                                                           of ethics
                                                                                      •    Sustainability for people, community
                                                                                           and planet




                                                              77
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4 BOARD GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Sands China’s structure for corporate governance is as follows:



                                                             Board of
                                                             Directors




       Audit                   Remuneration                  Capex                      Nomination                  ESG
     Committee                  Committee                   Committee                   Committee                 Committee




    Audit Services                                          Executive
       Group                                                Committee




                                                 Suspicious                                 Enterprise Risk
       Credit             Compliance                                 Junket Oversight                            ESG Steering
                                             Transactions Report                            Management
     Committee            Committee                                     Committee                                 Committee
                                                 Committee                               (”ERM”) Committee



The governance structure in respect of the risk management and internal control system is set out in section 3.5 of this Annual
Report.


The Board
The Board is primarily concerned with the overall leadership, strategy and development of the Group to promote its long-term
success for the benefit of all its Shareholders within a framework of effective controls that enable risk to be continually assessed
and managed. The Board establishes the strategic objectives of the Group, ensures that the necessary resources are in place to
achieve those objectives, reviews management performance and ensures that high ethical standards are adhered to.


In its decision-making process, the Board considers the likely long-term effects of any decision, the interests of the Group’s
team members, relationships with suppliers and customers, the impact of the Group’s operations on the community and the
environment, and the maintenance of Sands China’s reputation for adhering to high standards of business conduct.


More information relating to the strategy for delivering our objectives can be found in section 2 of this Annual Report.




                                                                78
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Committees
The Board has five Committees that undertake work on its behalf, and report back to the Board: the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee. These Committees
assist the Board by assuming oversight responsibilities or addressing certain matters in greater depth, allowing the Board to use
its time more efficiently. Following each meeting, the Chairperson of each Committee reports back to the Board to ensure that
the Board is fully informed of all activities. The Board also retains responsibility for approving any actions where a Committee’s
role is solely advisory.


The Committees’ roles and responsibilities are outlined in their respective terms of reference, which are reviewed annually to
ensure they remain appropriate. On the Company’s and the Stock Exchange’s websites, you can find the terms of reference
for the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the ESG Committee. The terms of
reference of the Capex Committee can be found on the Company’s website.


The sections that follow elaborate on the Company’s corporate governance structure and set out how the Board, its
Committees, and the risk management system operated during 2022.


3.4.1 THE BOARD
Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprises eight Directors. There are three Executive Directors and five Non-Executive
Directors, of whom four are independent. The biographies of each Director, setting out their specific skills and experience, are
set out in section 1.3 of this Annual Report.


The Board comprises of members with a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to Sands China.
These include having a deep understanding of the hospitality, gaming and MICE industries and knowledge of the local business
and economic environment in Macao and more broadly in China and Asia.


Key roles
A number of roles are key to a well-run board, particularly those of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Company
Secretary. Additionally, the Non-Executive Directors bring different perspectives to the Board’s discussion from the Executive
Directors who are involved in the day-to-day running of the business.


(a)   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
As explained in section 3.2, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have both been performed by Mr. Robert Glen
Goldstein since January 2021.


The principal responsibilities in capacity as Chairman are:
•    Chairing and managing the functioning of the Board.
•    Setting the Board’s agenda with the President and senior management and ensuring adequate time is available for
     discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues.
•    Promoting a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of the Non-Executive Directors.
•    Ensuring Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information and also ensuring effective communication with
     Shareholders.
•    Ensuring appropriate standards of governance permeate through all levels of the Company.




                                                               79
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The principal responsibilities in capacity as Chief Executive Officer are:
•    Developing the business strategies and support plans for approval by the Board.
•    Implementing the objectives and policies agreed by the Board.
•    Managing and leading the senior management, including the President, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief
     Financial Officer, and executive team.
•    Acting as a bridge between the Board and the senior management and executive team, ensuring the Board is aware of
     the Executive Directors’, senior management’s and executive team’s views on business issues.
•    Setting an example to the Company’s team members and communicating to them the expectations of the Board in
     relation to the Company’s culture, values and behaviour.


(b) Non-Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Directors bring a mix of business experience and external perspectives as they are not involved in the day-
to-day running of the business. Their principal responsibilities are:
•     Bringing independent judgement to bear on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources,
      appointments and standards of conduct.
•     Taking the lead where potential conflicts of interest arise.
•     Serving on Board Committees where individual members have specific expertise or where independent oversight is
      required.
•     Scrutinising the Company’s performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives, and monitoring of
      performance.


The Non-Executive Director, Mr. Charles Daniel Forman, is not independent given his connection with the parent company, LVS.
Nevertheless, he brings direct experience of the leisure and hotel industries and adds considerable value to the Board’s decision-
making process. Although not considered independent, he acts in the interests of Sands China and all its Shareholders in his
capacity as Board member.


The other four Non-Executive Directors are considered to be independent, meeting the Listing Rule’s requirement that at least
one-third of the Board should be independent. Given the substantial shareholding held by LVS, the Independent Non-Executive
Directors have a particular responsibility to safeguard the interests of minority Shareholders notwithstanding the Board and the
majority Shareholder both understand decisions should always be made in the best interests of the Company.


(c)   Company Secretary
The Company Secretary plays an important role in ensuring the smooth functioning of the Board. The role of Company
Secretary includes:
•     Working with the Chairman to ensure there is a good and timely flow of information to Directors.
•     Ensuring the correct Board procedures are followed.
•     Facilitating induction activities for new Directors and assisting with the continuing professional development of Board
      members.
•     Taking and keeping minutes of all Board and Committee meetings.
•     Advising the Chairman and the Board on all corporate governance-related matters.




                                                               80
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Governance framework for the Board
The Board has a number of policies and procedures in place to formalize its governance framework and to ensure it operates
transparently and in accordance with best practice.

(a)   Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines (“CG Guidelines”)
The Board has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines, which was last updated in October 2022 and is consistent
with the requirements of the Code. The CG Guidelines is available on the Company’s website. The principal matters covered
are:
•     Board membership and Committees.
•     Board refreshment and management succession planning.
•     Conduct of Directors and delegation of matters by the Board.
•     Procedures for Board meetings, management of conflict of interests and determination of Directors’ remuneration.
•     Requirements for induction of new Directors and continuing education of existing Directors.
•     Evaluation of Board and Committees performance.
•     Provisions of access to management and advisors.
•     Corporate governance functions of the Board.
•     Board responsibilities for strategy, business model and culture.


(b) Board of Directors Approval and Authorization Policy (“A&A Policy”)
The Board has a formal Approval and Authorization Policy, which was last updated in July 2022, that sets out matters reserved
to the Board. The principal matters include the review and approval of:
•     Annual operating and capital budgets.
•     Regulatory announcements.
•     Initial construction budgets for a project and any other arrangements and commitments.
•     Capital projects not included in annual or other budgets.
•     Charitable contributions.
•     Use of professional consultants and freelance agencies.
•     Issuance, incurrence and early extinguishment of external indebtedness.
•     Issuance or sale of equity securities.
•     External acquisition or disposition arrangements outside the normal course of business and external partnership or joint
      venture.
•     Guidelines for Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
•     Other matters where Board approval is required by laws and regulations or codes and policies adopted by the Board.


The Board is also responsible for the approval of strategies, determining risk appetite, overseeing the risk management and
internal control systems and ensuring their effectiveness, approval of interim dividends and the recommendation of final
dividends for Shareholders’ approval.




                                                             81
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(c)   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Board is also responsible for setting ethical standards for the Company. The Company has adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics to ensure the highest standards of integrity and ethical behaviour are maintained by all Directors and team
members.


The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all Directors, officers, team members and business partners and is based
upon the following four key principles:
•    Principle 1: Respect for individuals
•    Principle 2: Doing business ethically and legally
•    Principle 3: Protecting our Company and investors
•    Principle 4: Enhancing our community


The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics also explains to team members where to go to for help or questions, and this includes
a confidential hotline available to all team members. It is supported by a Team Member Handbook that provides practical day-
to-day guidance and is distributed to all team members upon joining the Company. The Company’s Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics is available on the Company’s website.

(d) Anti-Corruption Policy
The Company has adopted an Anti-Corruption Policy to ensure that our hospitality and business development practices are fully
consistent with applicable record keeping and anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
The Anti-Corruption Policy is provided to all new Directors, officers and team members.


(e) Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy
The Company has adopted a Reporting and Non-Retaliation Policy to facilitate and encourage the reporting of any misconduct
at the Company, including violations or potential violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and to ensure those
reporting such misconduct will not be subject to harassment, intimidation or other retaliatory action. The Reporting and Non-
Retaliation Policy is provided to all new Directors, officers and team members.


Board effectiveness and evaluation
In order to ensure Directors are able to contribute fully to Sands China, the Company has formal guidelines for induction
of newly appointed Directors. These provide newly appointed Directors should receive a formal and tailored induction, to
ensure they have a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and they are fully aware of their legal and regulatory
responsibilities.


Additionally, the Board is also responsible under its CG Guidelines for maintaining the induction and continuing education
programs of all Directors. Directors are expected to participate in appropriate programs to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills and ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. Internally facilitated briefings for Directors
are arranged and relevant materials are distributed. All Directors are encouraged to attend training courses at the Company’s
expense.




                                                               82
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During 2022, the Company arranged briefings on ESG related matters, ERM updates on cybersecurity, information technology,
gaming promoter services, information governance and privacy, talent requisition and succession planning, crisis management
and business continuity. The Company also arranged briefings on key changes to Macao’s Gaming Law. In addition, relevant
materials including legal and regulatory updates were provided to the Directors. All Directors received training on various areas
relevant to the Company’s operations, development, industry and directors’ duties, with details as follows:


                                                                                  Training areas

 Name of Director                              Corporate Governance           Legal and Regulatory              Business


 Executive Directors
 Robert Glen Goldstein                                     √                              √                         √
 Wong Ying Wai                                             √                              √                         √
 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                     √                              √                         √

 Non-Executive Director
 Charles Daniel Forman                                     √                              √                         √

 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Chiang Yun                                                √                              √                         √
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                √                              √                         √
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                   √                              √                         √
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                     √                              √                         √


In January 2023, the Board self-reviewed its performance during 2022. It is satisfied that:
•     The Board has met all statutory and regulatory requirements as well as the requirements contained in the Company’s
      articles of association.
•     The Board has made all announcements required under the Listing Rules to ensure that the market remained
      appropriately informed.
•     Directors have met the attendance expectations for meetings of a publicly listed company.
•     Directors have contributed constructively to Board deliberations and have approved resolutions where required on a
      properly informed basis.


The Company Secretary also received on-going relevant professional training during the year, and confirmed that he has
undertaken no less than 15 hours of training during the year ended December 31, 2022.


Directors’ responsibility for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2022.




                                                               83
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board activities in 2022
During 2022, the Board held ten meetings and additionally passed written resolutions in discharging its responsibilities. The
Board is required under its CG Guidelines and the Code to meet a minimum of four times at approximately quarterly intervals.
Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with the Independent Non-Executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors. The membership of the Board, and their attendance at the Board meetings and the general
meeting held during the year, is as follows:

                                                                                    Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)

  Name of Director                                                                Board           Annual General Meeting


  Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                                                 10/10(1)                   0/1
  Wong Ying Wai                                                                    10/10                      1/1
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                                            10/10                      1/1
  Charles Daniel Forman                                                            10/10                      1/1
  Chiang Yun                                                                       10/10                      1/1
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                       10/10                      1/1
  Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                          10/10                      1/1
  Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                            10/10                      1/1


Note:
(1)     Included three Board meetings that were attended by proxy.


Agendas for each meeting are prepared by the Company Secretary in consultation with the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, the President and the senior management. During 2022, the Board covered a wide range of matters in relation to
strategy, financing, operations, financial performance, regulatory compliance and governance. The principal items considered
by the Board are summarized below.

(a)     Operational and business oversight
The key areas on which the Board focused during the year were as follows:
•    Reviewed and approved the annual budget for 2022.
•    Reviewed and approved matters relating to the extension of the Subconcession and the Concession.
•    Received and considered updates from the management team on operational matters, development projects and any
     material litigation on a regular basis throughout the year.

(b) Governance
The main governance matters considered by the Board during the year were as follows:
•    Received and considered recommendations from Board Committees on a regular basis.
•    Reviewed and approved the management incentive program.
•    Conducted the reviews required by the Code and the CG Guidelines including annual self-review of performance.
•    Recommended to Shareholders the proposal to re-appoint Deloitte as auditor.
•    Reviewed and approved the amendments to the A&A Policy, the Board Diversity Policy, the terms of reference of the
     Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee, the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and the CG Guidelines.

The Board’s activity in respect of risk management and internal control, including its interaction with the Audit Committee, is
set out in more detail in section 3.5 of this Annual Report.



                                                                     84
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                      3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(c)   Financial
Following the reviews and recommendations by the Audit Committee, the Board approved:
•     The Company’s preliminary annual results announcement and interim results announcement for release to the market.
•     The Company’s annual report and interim report for publication.
•     The Company’s quarterly U.S. GAAP financial results for inclusion by LVS in its consolidated financial statements.


(d) Regulatory
The Board focused on the following regulatory matters during the year:
•    Approved public announcements prior to release through the Stock Exchange.
•    Approved the publication and dispatch of the Company’s annual report and interim report to Shareholders.
•    Approved the publication of the Company’s ESG report.

(e) Other matters
The Board additionally considered and/or approved a number of other matters following recommendations from the Audit
Committee, including the entry into waiver extension and amendment request letter to the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and the
continuing connected transaction in respect of the International Trademark License Agreement.


The Board considered and/or approved the registration with the SEC and the exchange offer, and the LVS Term Loan.


In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors conducted an annual review of the continuing connected transactions
of the Company as set out in this Annual Report and are of the opinion the transactions were entered into in the ordinary and
usual course of business of the Company on normal commercial terms or better, and according to the agreements governing
them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


3.4.2 AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee plays a key oversight role at Sands China by ensuring the Group has effective and appropriate risk
management and internal control systems, backed up by comprehensive governance, internal and external audit and reporting
functions.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Audit Committee comprises four Directors, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive
Directors. The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of three Non-Executive Directors appointed by the Board, a
majority of which should be independent. Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink and Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung have the appropriate
professional qualifications and accounting and related financial management expertise.


In addition to the members of the Audit Committee and the senior management, meetings are normally attended by the Vice
President of Audit, Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer and the external auditor.




                                                             85
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Responsibilities
The Audit Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are to support the
Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in the following key areas:
•    Overseeing the Company’s relationship with the external auditor.
•    Monitoring the integrity of financial information published by Sands China.
•    Performing an oversight role in respect of internal audit, risk management and internal control.
•    Evaluating its own performance and review the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the Audit Committee met seven times in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet
at least four times in the year on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as circumstances require. The membership of the Audit
Committee, and attendance at the meetings held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                       Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink (Chairman)                                                                          7/7
 Chiang Yun                                                                                                     7/7
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                                                        7/7
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                                          7/7


The principal matters the Audit Committee considered were:

(a)   Oversight of relationship with the external auditor
The Audit Committee monitored Sands China’s relationship with its external auditor, Deloitte. In particular, the Audit
Committee:
•    Evaluated the performance of Deloitte and their independence and objectivity. The Audit Committee recommended to
     the Board that they be re-appointed as auditor.
•    Reviewed and approved non-audit services provided by Deloitte.


(b) Financial information
During 2022, the Audit Committee met at regular intervals to review the financial statements prepared by management for
publication, discussing these with management and the external auditor, focusing on the matters specified in the terms of
reference. The financial statements review included:
•     The Company’s preliminary annual results announcement, the annual report, the interim results announcement and the
      interim report.
•     The Company’s quarterly U.S. GAAP financial results for inclusion by LVS in its consolidated financial statements.
•     Continuing connected transactions for the year.


The Audit Committee also regularly met with the external auditor, Deloitte and considered its interim report, its report on the
full year audit and its audit plan.




                                                                86
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(c)   Internal audit, risk management and internal control
The Audit Committee regularly considered internal audit, risk management and internal control matters. These included:
•    Reviewed the ERM program and the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems, including resources
     adequacy, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget for internal audit, accounting and financial
     reporting functions.
•    Reviewed the Company’s financial reporting system.
•    Reviewed the report of the Audit Services Group (the Company’s internal audit function) on its activities and findings on
     a quarterly basis.
•    Reviewed the performance of the Audit Services Group on an annual basis.
•    Received updates on compliance issues and reviewed the whistleblowing hotline reports on a quarterly basis.
•    Received updates on ERM and reports on a number of specific topics, including cybersecurity, information technology,
     gaming promoter services, information governance and privacy, talent requisition and succession planning, crisis
     management and business continuity.
•    Received regular reports on legal issues affecting the Group.


Further details of the Group’s risk management and internal control processes, including the Audit Committee’s role and
activities in 2022, is given in section 3.5 of this Annual Report.

(d) Other matters
The Audit Committee additionally reviewed a number of other matters during the year. This included certain business matters
prior to consideration by the Board, including the annual budget for 2022, the entry into waiver extension and amendment
request letter to the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and the continuing connected transaction in respect of the International
Trademark License Agreement.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee were reviewed and revised on October 14, 2022 to align with the amendments
to the Code and the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and it
remained satisfied with its performance.


3.4.3 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s
remuneration policy and structure. This includes base salary, benefits, long-term and short-term incentives, profit sharing plans
and the terms of any agreements.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Remuneration Committee comprises three Directors — two Non-Executive Directors (both
of whom are independent) and one Executive Director who is the President. The terms of reference require a majority of the
members of the Remuneration Committee (including its Chairman) are Independent Non-Executive Directors. In addition to the
members of the Remuneration Committee and the senior management, the Senior Vice President of Human Resources attends
the meetings by invitation.




                                                              87
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Responsibilities
The Remuneration Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are as
follows:
•     Making recommendations on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure, the establishment of a formal and
      transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy and the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors.
•     Having delegated responsibility to determine the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior
      management (as defined in the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee).
•     Evaluating and making recommendations to the Board with regard to incentive and share-based plans.
•     Review and approve any matters relating to the administration of awards under the incentive and share-based plans.
•     Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the Remuneration Committee met once and additionally passed written resolutions in discharging its
responsibilities. Its terms of reference suggest it should meet four times a year, but permit it to meet less frequently as
circumstances require. The membership of the Remuneration Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year,
is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                    Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Steven Zygmunt Strasser (Chairman)                                                                         1/1
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                                 1/1
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                              1/1


The principal matters the Remuneration Committee dealt with were:
•    Reviewed and recommended the management incentive program for approval by the Board.
•    Reviewed and recommended the share options grants and remuneration package adjustments of senior management.


In conducting its work in relation to the remuneration of Directors and senior management, the Remuneration Committee
ensured:
•     No individual was involved in determining his or her own remuneration.
•     Remuneration awards were determined by reference to the performance of the individual and the Company and aligned
      to the market practices and conditions, the Company’s goals and strategies.


In respect of Non-Executive Directors, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed fees payable taking into account the
particular nature of their duties, relevant guidance available and the requirements of the Listing Rules.


The Remuneration Committee conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained
satisfied with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.

Additional disclosures required in respect of remuneration including the equity award plans are included later in the Directors’
Report and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report.




                                                              88
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.4 NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the Nomination Committee is to assist the Board by making recommendations on the appointment or
re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors. It thereby helps the Board to ensure the size, structure and
composition of the Board remains appropriate to enable the Board to remain effective in fulfilling its responsibilities.


Composition
The terms of reference require a majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are Independent Non-Executive
Directors. They also provide the Nomination Committee should be chaired by the Chairman of the Board or an Independent
Non-Executive Director. At the Latest Practicable Date, the Nomination Committee comprises three Directors — the Chairman
of the Board (who also is Chairman of the Nomination Committee) and two Independent Non-Executive Directors who
accordingly form a majority of the Nomination Committee.


Responsibilities
The Nomination Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are to support
the Board in ensuring appropriate balance and composition of its membership by:
•     Reviewing the structure, size and composition (including but not limited to the perspective, skills, knowledge, experience
      and diversity) of the Board and its committees at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes
      to the Board and its committees to complement the Company’s strategy.
•     Identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendations to the
      Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships.
•     Making recommendations to the Board for appointments or re-appointments of Directors and succession planning for
      Directors.
•     Assessing the independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors with reference to the factors set out in the Listing
      Rules and any other factors deemed appropriate by the Nomination Committee or the Board.
•     Reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanisms for ensuring independent views and input are
      available to the Board annually.
•     Reviewing the Nomination Policy (as defined in its terms of reference) and the implementation and effectiveness of the
      Board Diversity Policy annually.
•     Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.




                                                                89
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Mechanisms to ensure independent views and input
The Nomination Committee completed its annual review of the implementation and effectiveness of the following mechanisms
to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, and considered them effective:
  Board and Committees’ structure                 The Board comprises half of Independent Non-Executive Directors who
                                                  are independent of and not related to each other and any members of
                                                  the senior management.

                                                  Members of all governance related committees comprising a majority of
                                                  Independent Non-Executive Directors.

  Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration           Non-executive Directors receive fixed fee for their role(s) as member
                                                  of the Board and chairperson of the Committee as appropriate. None
                                                  of the Independent Non-Executive Directors receives equity-based
                                                  remuneration with performance related elements. Information relating
                                                  to the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 5 to the Consolidated
                                                  Financial Statements in this Annual Report.

  Appointment of Non-Executive Directors          External recruitment professionals will be engaged to help identify
                                                  potential Non-Executive Directors.

                                                  The Board seeks members from diverse professional and personal
                                                  backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise
                                                  with a reputation for integrity, having due regard to the CG Guidelines,
                                                  the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy.

  Independent Non-Executive Directors’            The Board reviews annually each Director’s contribution in performing
    commitment and independence                   his/her duties. Directors’ meeting attendance records in 2022 are
                                                  disclosed in section 3.4.1 of this Annual Report.

                                                  Independent Non-Executive Directors’ independence is assessed upon
                                                  appointment, annually, and at any other time where considered
                                                  appropriate.

  Executive session                               The Chairman at least annually holds meetings with the Independent
    (without management presence)                 Non-Executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.

  Conflict management                             The CG Guidelines provide guidance to Directors relating to the
                                                  management of conflicts.

  Professional advice                             The Directors may seek advice from the General Counsel and Company
                                                  Secretary as well as from independent professional advisors, at the
                                                  Company’s expense, to assist them in performing their duties to the
                                                  Company.

  Board evaluation                                The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation to determine whether it
                                                  and its committees are functioning effectively.




                                                          90
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy
The Company has a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the nomination and appointment of new Directors. The
Board has delegated its authority and duties for matters relating to selection and appointment of Directors to the Nomination
Committee and set out the same in the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.


(a)   Key nomination criteria and principles for the nomination of Directors
The Nomination Committee considers the following key nomination criteria and principles for the nomination of Directors:
•    Review the structure, size and composition (including but not limited to the perspective, skills, knowledge, experience and
     diversity) of the Board and its committees at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
     Board and its committees to complement the Company’s strategy.
•    Identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board
     on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships, having due regard to the Board Diversity Policy and the
     individuals’ ability to contribute to the effectiveness of the Board in carrying out its responsibilities set out in the
     Company’s articles of association, the Listing Rules and applicable law and regulation and the CG Guidelines.
•    The criteria for Board membership is set out in paragraph I(3) of the CG Guidelines, including:
     o     Members from diverse professional and personal backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and
           expertise with a reputation for integrity, with reference to the Board Diversity Policy.
     o     Ability to dedicate sufficient time and attention to the Company’s affairs.
     o     Possessing financial literacy.
     o     Possessing good character, including:
                  Integrity: Directors should demonstrate high ethical standards and integrity in their personal and professional
                   dealings.
                  Accountability: Directors should be willing to be accountable for their decisions as directors.
                  Judgement: Directors should possess the ability to provide wise and thoughtful counsel on a broad range of
                   issues.
                  Responsibility: Directors should interact with each other in a manner which encourages responsible, open,
                   challenging and inspired discussion.
                  High performance standards: Directors should have a history of achievements which reflects high standards
                   for themselves and others.
                  Commitment and enthusiasm: Directors should be committed to, and enthusiastic about, their performance
                   for the Company as directors, both in absolute terms and relative to their peers.
                  Courage: Directors should possess the courage to express views openly, even in the face of opposition.
     o     Able to meet the following expectations:
                  Dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to ensure the diligent performance of his/her duties.
                  Attend at least 75% of all Board meetings and meetings of the Board Committee(s) on which he or she
                   serves, where possible.
                  Comply with duties and responsibilities set forth in the CG Guidelines and in the Company’s articles of
                   association.
                  Comply with all duties of care, loyalty and confidentiality applicable to directors of publicly traded companies.
                  Adhere to the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Anti-Corruption Policy, including but not
                   limited to, the policies on conflicts of interest expressed therein.
•    Make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
     Directors, in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.




                                                                91
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Nomination procedures for appointment and re-appointment of Directors
The Nomination Committee follows the following procedures regarding the appointment of Directors:
(1) The Nomination Committee identifies individual(s) suitably qualified to become Board members, having due regard to
     the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, and assesses the independence of the proposed Independent Non-
     Executive Director(s) as appropriate.
(2) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board.
(3) The Board considers the individual(s) recommended by the Nomination Committee, having due regard to the Nomination
     Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines.
(4) The Board confirms the appointment of the individual(s) as Director(s) or recommends the individual(s) to stand for
     election at a general meeting. Individual(s) appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board
     will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at the next annual general meeting after initial appointment in accordance
     with the Company’s articles of association.
(5) The Shareholders approve the election of individual(s), who stand(s) for election at the general meeting, as Director(s).


The Nomination Committee follows the following procedures regarding the re-appointment of Directors:
(1) The Nomination Committee considers each retiring Director, having due regard to the Nomination Policy, the Board
     Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines, and assesses the independence of each retiring Independent Non-Executive
     Director.
(2) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board.
(3) The Board considers each retiring Director recommended by the Nomination Committee, having due regard to the
     Nomination Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the CG Guidelines.
(4) The Board recommends the retiring Directors to stand for re-election at the annual general meeting in accordance with
     the Company’s articles of association.
(5) The Shareholders approve the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting.




                                                              92
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                             3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(c)     Board Diversity Policy
When identifying candidates for Board membership, the Nomination Committee takes into account the Nomination Policy
and the Board Diversity Policy. Appointments are based on merit and contribution the selected individuals will bring to the
Board and factors considered include business and professional experience, geography, age, gender, race, ethnicity, cultural
and educational background, nationality and country of origin of such individuals. The Nomination Committee also takes into
account the Company’s business model and specific needs from time to time. External recruitment professionals might be
engaged to assist with the selection process when necessary.


The Board Diversity Policy was revised on October 14, 2022. The Company will take opportunities to improve the gender ratio
on the Board over time when selecting suitable candidates for Board appointments in order to ensure that an appropriate
balance of gender diversity is achieved, with the objective that the gender ratio of Board members shall be no less than 1 to 10
with immediate effect, and 1 to 5 by 2025, with the ultimate goal of bringing the Board to gender parity. The Board Diversity
Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s website.


The current gender ratio at the workforce is set out in section 2.7.6 of this Annual Report. The Company promotes diversity
in all aspects of operations and fosters an environment in which every team member is able to fully actualize their potential,
resulting in a more diverse pool of skilled and experienced team members prepared for leadership positions within the
Company, as well as recruitment and selection practices at all levels that yield a diverse range of candidates. On the path to
gender parity in the workforce, the Company aims to achieve 45% and 47% female representation in management and junior
management positions respectively, by 2025. Further details relating to the Group’s diversity approach can be found in the
Company’s 2022 ESG report.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the Nomination Committee met once in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet
at least once in the year. The membership of the Nomination Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year,
is as follows:


  Name of Committee Member                                                                  Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


  Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                                                                         1/1(1)
  Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                               1/1
  Chiang Yun                                                                                               1/1


Note:
(1)     Attended by proxy.


The Nomination Committee completed its annual review of the structure, size and composition of the Board and assessed the
independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors as required by its terms of reference and the Code.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee were reviewed and revised on October 14, 2022 to align with the
amendments to the Code and the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of
the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, and results of reviews remained adequate. The Nomination Committee
also conducted a review of its performance during the year and it remained satisfied.




                                                              93
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.5 CAPEX COMMITTEE
The Capex Committee assists the Board by reviewing and recommending to the Board non-budgeted capital expenditure
projects with a project value exceeding US$10 million in each instance. This enables the Board, through the Committee, to
exercise appropriate oversight and control over management for material projects while allowing more effective use of Board
time in focusing on more significant matters.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the Capex Committee comprises three Directors — two Executive Directors, the Chief Operating
Officer (who is Chairman of the Capex Committee) and the President, and one Independent Non-Executive Director.


The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of three Directors appointed by the Board. The purpose of the Capex
Committee is to assist effective decision-making by management with an appropriate level of control. As the Capex Committee
is not a governance committee, a majority of its members are not required to be Independent Non-Executive Directors.


Responsibilities
The Capex Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its principal purpose is to support the Board
and management in making decisions on capital expenditure by:
•    Reviewing and recommending to the Board the terms of any non-budgeted capital expenditure project with a project
     value exceeding US$10 million in each instance.
•    Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the Capex Committee met once in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet as
required. The membership of the Capex Committee, and attendance at the meetings held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                      Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant (Chairman)                                                                              1/1
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                                                    1/1
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                                 1/1


The Capex Committee reviewed capital improvement project reports presented by management on a quarterly basis.


The Capex Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained
satisfied with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.




                                                                94
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.4.6 ESG COMMITTEE
The primary purpose of the ESG Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the
Group’s ESG issues, strategy and reporting.


Composition
At the Latest Practicable Date, the ESG Committee comprises three Directors — two Independent Non-Executive Directors and
one Executive Director who is the President. The terms of reference specify a minimum membership of three Directors, at least
one of whom shall be an Independent Non-Executive Director. In addition to the members of the ESG Committee and the
senior management, Senior Vice President of Resort Operations and Manager of ESG Program and Sustainability attend the
meetings by invitation.


Responsibilities
The ESG Committee’s responsibilities are set out in detail in its terms of reference. Its main responsibilities are as follows:
•    Monitoring and overseeing the Group’s ESG strategy and approach, the ESG reporting and the implementation of ESG-
     related policies and initiatives.
•    Reviewing the Group’s environmental and social performance.
•    Reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems on ESG related matters.
•    Reviewing and making recommendation to the Board with regard to the ESG related matters, including the annual ESG
     report.
•    Evaluating its own performance and reviewing the adequacy of its terms of reference annually.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the ESG Committee met twice in discharging its responsibilities. Its terms of reference require it to meet as
required. The membership of the ESG Committee, and attendance at the meeting held during the year, is as follows:


 Name of Committee Member                                                                   Attendance/No. of Meeting(s)


 Chiang Yun (Chairlady)                                                                                    2/2
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                                     2/2
 Wong Ying Wai                                                                                             2/2


The principal matters the ESG Committee dealt with were as follows:
•    The Company’s environmental and social performance, ESG strategy, approach and reporting as well as key ongoing ESG
     initiatives and projects.
•    Reviewed and recommended the Company’s ESG report for approval by the Board.
•    Reviewed and confirmed the ESG achievement targets for the 2022 Management Incentive Program.


The ESG Committee also conducted a review of its performance during the year and its terms of reference. It remained satisfied
with its performance and that its terms of reference remained appropriate.




                                                              95
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.5 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Governance and Implementation Structure for Risk Management
In executing its strategy and operating its business, the Company faces various risks and uncertainties. Effective risk
management is a central element of Sands China’s governance practices, designed to mitigate and manage these risks.
Ultimately, the accurate and timely identification, assessment and management of Sands China’s priority risks are critical to the
operational and financial success of the business.


Sands China’s governance framework for risk management and internal control is set out in its ERM Charter. The ERM Charter
was developed in 2016 with latest revision in January 2022. This underpins Sands China’s processes in three ways:
•    Firstly, the ERM Charter clearly sets out the roles and responsibilities of different committees, functions and individuals
     for risk management activity. This helps to ensure risk management is embedded across the organization with clear
     accountability for its implementation and oversight.
•    Secondly, the ERM Charter describes the methodology and approach to risk identification and assessment. This helps to
     ensure a consistent approach to risk management both across the Group and over time.
•    Thirdly, the ERM Charter establishes protocols for both internal and external communication to appropriate individuals
     where risk events arise or existing risk events change. This helps Sands China to respond effectively to mitigate or address
     risk events.


The ERM Charter is aligned with LVS’ ERM program, thereby enabling Sands China to benefit from the breadth of risk
management experience across the LVS Group. The operation of the ERM Committee is under the review of the Audit
Committee on behalf of the Board with a view to the continuous improvement of risk management and internal control
systems.




                                                              96
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Sands China’s governance structure for its risk management system is set out below:



                                                      Board of
                                                      Directors




                                                       Audit                                                            ESG
                                                     Committee                                                       Committee (1)




        Audit Services                               Executive
           Group                                     Committee




                                                     Suspicious
           Credit             Compliance                                    Junket Oversight                         ESG Steering
                                                 Transactions Report                           ERM Committee
         Committee            Committee                                        Committee                             Committee
                                                     Committee




Note:
(1)     The ESG Committee oversees the ESG program, which includes management of ESG risks. Please refer to the 2022 ESG report for more
        information.


Key roles
(a)     The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee
The Board has overall responsibility for risk management and internal control systems and for reviewing their effectiveness at
least annually through the Audit Committee. The Board recognizes these systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and therefore can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against
material misstatement or loss.


The Board meets its responsibility in respect of risk management and internal control systems in a number of ways. It sets
and communicates Sands China’s strategies and objectives. Through its Audit Committee, it oversees the Company’s
risk management and internal control systems on an on-going basis. The Board monitors risk appetite by evaluating and
determining the nature and extent of the priority risks the Group will accept in order to achieve its strategic objectives.


The Audit Committee and the Board receive regular analysis of risk-related key matters for consideration in advance of each
meeting, covering the Company’s financial and operational matters as well as those relating to ESG performance and reporting.
The regular provision of risk information allows the early identification of potential issues and an assessment of the adequacy
of any mitigating actions to address them.


On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee conducts an on-going review of the effectiveness of Sands China’s and its
subsidiaries’ risk management and internal control systems. The review covers all material controls, including financial,
operational and compliance controls. This looks at how the nature and extent of priority risks has changed since the
previous review, the scope and quality of management’s on-going risk monitoring and mitigation efforts, the frequency of
communication to the Audit Committee/Board and any significant changes in Sands China’s risks in the year and how these
were addressed.


                                                                       97
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Section 3.4.2 of this Annual Report sets out the principal activities of the Audit Committee during 2022 in respect of risk
management and internal control. This included an annual review of risk management and internal control systems on behalf
of the Board. Based on the following considerations, the Audit Committee concluded the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems are effective and adequate:
•     Adequacy of resources, qualifications, experience, training and budgets of the Company’s accounting, internal audit
      (Audit Services Group), financial reporting, information technology, cybersecurity, legal and compliance functions (those
      related to ESG are reviewed by the ESG Committee).
•     Changes in the nature and extent of priority risks (including ESG risks) and management’s responsiveness to changes in
      the business and external environment.
•     Scope and quality of management’s on-going monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control systems.
•     Effectiveness and the work of the internal audit function (Audit Services Group) and other assurance providers.
•     Extent and frequency of communication of results of risk monitoring to the Audit Committee.
•     Significant control weaknesses and potential deficiencies identified as well as the adequacy of planned actions to mitigate
      risks, which could pose a material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition.
•     Effectiveness of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.
•     Confirmation from management on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems.


(b) ERM Executive Sponsors
The ERM Executive Sponsors comprise the President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The ERM Executive
Sponsors are responsible for detailed executive level oversight of the Company’s risk management processes over the course of
the year.


(c)   Audit Services Group
The Audit Services Group is the Company’s internal audit function. Its responsibilities are set out in the Internal Audit Charter,
which was approved by the Audit Committee and the Board. These include independently reviewing the effectiveness of the
Company’s risk management and internal control systems.


The Audit Services Group meets this responsibility through performing independent assessments of the adequacy and
effectiveness of the Company’s risk management processes; the scope and frequency of these assessments are determined
in consultation with the ERM Executive Sponsors. In addition to its primary reporting line to the Audit Committee, the Audit
Services Group reports the results of its assessments of Sands China’s risk management processes to the ERM Executive
Sponsors. The Audit Services Group additionally advises on the design, implementation and development of risk management
processes. Meanwhile, the outputs of the risk management processes are considered in the development of the Audit Services
Group’s audit plans.


(d) Risk Owners
Risk Owners are department and functional heads across Sands China who have overall responsibility for implementing, leading
and supporting risk management activities. They are required to operate in a manner consistent with the Company’s risk
management objectives and are responsible for fostering an effective risk culture and developing risk and performance metrics
to measure, track and report on risk trends within their departments or functions.




                                                               98
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Risk Management Methodology
Sands China has adopted a risk management methodology which consists of four key processes and is applied on an on-going
basis. The methodology is based on that set out by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
It is also consistent with LVS’ ERM program, which means the Company is able to leverage and benefit from the experience and
learnings of the LVS Group in relation to the effective management of risk.


 Risk Identification
 •     Risk Owners identify risks in the operations and those relevant to the Company as a whole.
 •     ERM Executive Sponsors identify emerging risks or strategic risks.
 •     An updated risk inventory is prepared as a basis of the risk assessment and for development of the audit plan of the
       Audit Services Group.




 Risk Assessment
 •     Risk inventory is updated and assessed in conjunction with management team updates.
 •     Risk ranking is produced based on periodic risk assessments to facilitate and refresh the identification of priority risks.
 •     Impact of a risk event is assessed in terms of severity of its consequences (both financial and non-financial).
 •     Likelihood is assessed in terms of the probability a risk event could materialize.
 •     A consistent and robust global approach is taken in the determination and execution of the risk assessment
       methodology.




 Risk Response
 •     Prioritized risk ranking is reviewed by the stakeholders.
 •     Risk is managed by Risk Owners with appropriate skills and experiences.
 •     Risk mitigation plans are developed for each risk by the respective Risk Owners.
 •     Risk mitigation plans are reviewed and approved by the ERM Committee, executive management and, for priority
       risks, the Audit Committee.




 Risk Monitoring and Reporting
 •     Known and emerging risks as well as the implementation and effectiveness of the risk mitigation plans are monitored
       by the Risk Owners.
 •     Periodic updates on the implementation and progress of the risk mitigation plans are provided to the ERM Committee.
 •     On-going effectiveness of the ERM program is reviewed by the ERM Committee and priority risks are reported to the
       Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.




                                                               99
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Communications of Risk Events
An integral part of risk management processes includes the communication of risk events, both internally and externally,
when major risk events arise. Complete, accurate and timely communication of relevant information to the right individuals
and functions is key to enabling Sands China to make the appropriate decisions and responses when a risk event arises.
The necessary level of information, appropriate parties and suitable timeframe required for a response will vary significantly
according to the nature and severity of the risk event that has occurred.


Inside Information
Sands China has written procedures in place for the handling of inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules. Officers
of the Company and its subsidiaries (i.e. members of the Board of Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, Department
Heads, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents) carry out the following periodically:
•     Business developments and events are monitored so any potential Inside Information (as defined in the Guidelines on
      Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012) is promptly identified.
•     Inside Information, where identified, is reported to the General Counsel and Company Secretary (or, in his absence, the
      Assistant General Counsel) who will then report it to the President, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial
      Officer followed by the Executive Committee, as is appropriate. The Executive Committee will meet to consider the matter
      and make a decision as to whether or not it should be treated as Inside Information and whether an announcement
      is required or, where necessary, the matter will be referred to the Board for its decision. A record of any meetings and
      discussions concerning the assessment of whether or not information constitutes Inside Information will be maintained.
•     A sensitivity list is maintained and reviewed by the Executive Committee; this list identifies factors or developments likely
      to give rise to Inside Information.
•     Any Inside Information or potential Inside Information is kept confidential and team members are reminded of the need
      to preserve confidentiality. Appropriate confidentiality agreements are put in place when the Company enters into
      significant negotiations.
•     Inside Information is first disclosed by a Stock Exchange announcement before it is released via other channels.


Activities in 2022
During 2022, the ERM Committee met four times to discharge its responsibilities. The principal matters it dealt with were as
follows:
•     Reviewed the 2022 ERM risk inventory.
•     Reviewed and approved 2022 priority risk reporting timeline.
•     Reviewed and considered updates from the Risk Owners on the implementation and progress of the risk mitigation plans.
•     Monitored risk mitigation progress in coordination with Risk Owners and provided updates to the Audit Committee on a
      quarterly basis.
•     Reviewed its Charter.




                                                               100
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Priority Risks and Key Mitigations
The priority risks facing the Company, as identified by the Board in their annual review of the risk management processes, are
set out in section 2.6 of this Annual Report.


Through the Risk Management Methodology adopted by the Company, risk factors are identified, prioritized and
communicated, and related risk strategies are developed to manage and mitigate risks.


The priority risks identified are addressed by the following key mitigation measures:
•    Implementation of additional controls, safeguards, policies and procedures
•    Proactively monitoring of regulatory changes
•    Effective monitoring and timely remediation of identified deficiencies
•    Internal audit oversight
•    Review and ensure the adequacy of resources
•    Employ and develop the best talent and leadership capabilities
•    Organize comprehensive training programs for team members, including awareness training, compliance training and
     continuing professional training
•    Design and implementation of succession plan program
•    Review the Company’s compensation policies and practices to ensure they do not provide incentives for employees to
     take inappropriate business risks or risks reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company
•    Implementation of appropriate response plans
•    Deployment of appropriate insurance instruments
•    Diversification of business
•    Proactively monitoring of industry trends, competitors and innovations


3.6 SHAREHOLDERS
Communication with Shareholders
The Company considers effective communication with Shareholders is essential for good investor relations and investor
understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company also recognizes the importance of
transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information.


To facilitate maintaining an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and to encourage Shareholder engagement and participation,
the Company has developed and maintains a Shareholders’ Communication Policy, which was last updated in October 2022
and is available on the website of the Company. Under this policy, the Company commits to give Shareholders balanced
and understandable information about the Company’s performance, position and prospects. Information is made available
to Shareholders through a number of means, including formal announcements of information required under the Listing
Rules and through the constructive use of general meetings. Updated information (for example, including in relation to the
Company’s financial information and its corporate governance practices) as well as standing information about the Company
is also made available through the Company’s website (www.sandschina.com).




                                                            101
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                            SANDS CHINA LTD.


                         3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and Shareholders. The
Chairman of the Board, as well as the chairperson and/or other members of the Committees will, in the absence of unforeseen
circumstances, attend to answer questions raised at these meetings. The external auditor will be asked to attend the annual
general meeting to answer questions about relevant matters including the conduct of the audit, the auditor’s report and
auditor independence.


The Company maintains procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director of the Company. The details
of these procedures are available on the Company’s website.


To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed for each substantial separate issue at
general meetings, including the election of Directors. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll
pursuant to the Company’s articles of association and the Listing Rules, and poll results will be posted on the Company’s
website and that of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.


Shareholders’ Rights
(a)   Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting
Article 68 of the Company’s articles of association provides general meetings shall be convened on the written requisition of
the following members of the Company deposited at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 5/F,
Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention of Company Secretary, specifying the objects of
the meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s), provided such requisitionists held, as at the date of deposit of the requisition,
not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company, which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the
Company:
•      Any two or more members; or
•      Any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its nominee(s)).


If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to be
held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting
rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as in which meetings may be
convened by the Directors provided any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the
date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.

Note: Any such written requisition from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.




                                                                    102
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b) Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Proposals at General Meeting
Within 10 days of the date on which a notice (the “Notice”) is deemed to be received by Shareholders in respect of any
general meeting of the Company (the “Relevant General Meeting”), two or more Shareholders holding at least one-tenth
of the paid up capital of the Company, which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company may together,
by written notice to the Company at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention of
Company Secretary, propose a resolution to be proposed and considered at the Relevant General Meeting in addition to the
resolutions set out in the Notice. Such written notice shall be accompanied by a statement in no more than 1,000 words
explaining the matters referred to, and the reasons for, any such proposed resolution. Following the receipt of such written
notice and accompanying statement by the Company, the Company may, in the Company’s absolute discretion (taking into
account, without limitation, legal, regulatory and practical considerations relating to the issue of any supplemental notice to all
Shareholders in relation to the Relevant General Meeting), include the proposed resolution in the business of (i) the Relevant
General Meeting or (ii) in a general meeting of the Company that is subsequent to the Relevant General Meeting.

The Company will circulate a revised Notice including any proposed resolution and the accompanying statement to all
Shareholders in accordance with the articles of association of the Company provided that if, in the Company’s sole opinion
(without having to give reasons therefor), the above process is being abused in any way whatsoever, the Company has absolute
discretion to not include such proposed resolution in the business of the Relevant General Meeting or a subsequent general
meeting of the Company.

Note: Any such written notice from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.


(c)   Procedures for Shareholders to Put Forward Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders are, at any time, welcome to raise questions and request information (to the extent it is publicly available and
appropriate to provide) from the Board and management by writing to the Company Secretary of the Company at The Venetian
Macao, Executive Offices — L2, Estrada da Baia de Nossa Senhora da Esperança, Taipa, Macao.

Notes:
(1)    Any such letter from the Shareholders should be marked “Shareholders’ Communication” on the envelope.
(2)    Information request can also be made via the Company’s website at https://investor.sandschina.com/shareholder-services/document-request.


Investor Relations
During the year 2022, the Company has not made any amendment to its memorandum and articles of association. The
Company’s memorandum and articles of association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

To modernize certain provisions in the Company’s existing memorandum and articles of association in order to align them
with current market practice and the core standards for shareholder protections as set out in Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules,
the Company proposes certain amendments to its memorandum and articles of association to be consolidated through the
adoption of a new amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company which will replace the
existing memorandum and articles of association in their entirety. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated March 17, 2023 and circular dated March 31, 2023.

The Company maintains ongoing communication with investors and analysts. Senior management of the Company participate
in the quarterly earnings call of LVS after the publication of the LVS quarterly earnings. A designated Investor Relations contact
is available for institutional investors and analysts to inquire of the Company on any matter.

The Board reviewed its shareholders and investor engagement and communication activities conducted in 2022 and was
satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy.




                                                                      103
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Dividend Policy
It is the Company’s intention to provide Shareholders with consistent regular dividends depending on the Company’s earnings,
financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements, as well as economic and other conditions our Board may deem
relevant. Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our Shares is also subject to the requirements of the Cayman Islands law.
Moreover, we are a holding company, which is dependent upon the operations of our subsidiaries for cash. The laws where our
subsidiaries operate and the terms of our subsidiaries’ debt and other agreements may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to
make dividends or other distributions to us.


On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Fourth Waiver
Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders agreed to
(a) extend to (and including) July 31, 2023, the waiver period for the requirement for the Company to comply with the
requirements that the Company ensure the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the consolidated interest
coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x as at the last day of any financial quarter; (b) extend to (and including) July 31, 2023, the
period during which the Company’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or similar distribution is restricted if at such
time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise
of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (y) the consolidated
leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash
and cash equivalents of the Company on such date; and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the 2018 SCL
Credit Facility and unused commitments under other credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion; and (c)
incorporate provisions to address the transition of the LIBOR to a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate reference rate.


In deciding whether to propose a dividend, the Board shall consider, amongst other factors, any restrictions on payment of
dividends that have been, or may be, agreed between any Group company and contracting party.


Under the Concession, although not a restriction, we have to provide a five-day prior notification to the Macao government for
any major financial decisions exceeding 10% of the share capital of VML.


3.7 COMPLIANCE DISCLOSURES AND OTHER MATTERS
The Listing Rules require certain corporate governance disclosures to be made. This section of the report details certain
disclosures that have not been covered above.


Disclosure of Directors’ Information pursuant to the Listing Rule 13.51B(1)
Other Major Positions Held
•     Dr. Wong Ying Wai was awarded the grand bauhinia medal by the Hong Kong government in July 2022. Dr. Wong
      completed the term as the chairman of the Hong Kong Arts Development Council in December 2022, and was appointed
      as the chairman of the Hong Kong Arts Development Fund Advisory Committee for a term of two years with effect from
      January 1, 2023. Dr. Wong was appointed as the vice-chairman of the culture commission of the Hong Kong government
      for a term of two years with effect from March 1, 2023.
•     Ms. Chiang Yun was appointed as director and ceased to be founding managing partner of Prospere Capital Limited with
      effect from October 1, 2022.
•     Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in January 2023.




                                                              104
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                      3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has developed the Company Code for securities transactions by the Directors and relevant employees who are
likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on terms no less exacting than the Model Code.
Following specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors have confirmed they have complied with the Company Code and,
therefore, with the Model Code throughout the year 2022 and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


Quarterly Reporting
LVS, as a U.S. Securities Exchange Act 1934 reporting company, is required to file quarterly financial reports with the SEC.
When LVS releases its press release relating to quarterly financial information (which contains financial information about
the Group) in the U.S., the Company simultaneously makes an announcement pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Listing
Rules extracting key highlights of the press release pertaining to the Group. The financial information relating to the Group
contained in such press release is presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and there is no reconciliation of such information
with IFRS. When LVS files its quarterly financial report (which contains financial information about the Group) on Form 10-Q,
the Company makes an announcement pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the Listing Rules providing a hyper-link to such Form
10-Q, which contains financial information relating to the Group presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.


Remuneration of Directors
The remuneration of Directors is determined by the Board with reference to their duties and responsibilities with the Company
and the Company’s remuneration policy, which is subject to review by the Remuneration Committee from time to time. The
Remuneration Committee shall periodically undertake a review of Directors’ remuneration relative to the Company’s peers.


Remuneration of Senior Management
The remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended December 31, 2022 is set out below:

                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                members
                                                                                                                of senior
                                                                                                             management


 HK$26,000,001 (approximately US$3,335,000)–HK$30,000,000 (approximately US$3,848,000)                                    1
 HK$38,000,001 (approximately US$4,874,000)–HK$42,000,000 (approximately US$5,387,000)                                    1
 HK$68,000,001 (approximately US$8,722,000)–HK$72,000,000 (approximately US$9,235,000)                                    2


                                                                                                                          4




                                                            105
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




External Auditor and Auditor’s Remuneration
The statement of the external auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is set
out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” in section 4.1 of this Annual Report. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the remuneration paid and payable to the Company’s external auditor is set out below:

                                                                                                                                      Amount
                                                                                                                                       of Fees
                                                                                                                                  Payable/Paid
      Type of services                                                                                                               (US$’000)


      Audit services(i)                                                                                                                    2,427
      Non-audit services(ii)                                                                                                                 154


       Total                                                                                                                               2,581


Notes:
(i)       Auditor’s remuneration of US$128,000 was capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the issuance of Senior Notes.
(ii)      Non-audit services include fees for tax compliance services and accounting training programs.


3.8 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors present their report together with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2022.


Principal Activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the principal activities of our subsidiaries are the development
and operation of integrated resorts in Macao, which contain not only gaming and hotel areas, but also meeting space,
convention and exhibition halls, retail and dining areas and entertainment venues.


Consolidated Financial Statements
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in section 4.2 of this
Annual Report.


Business Review
The business review of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 is set out in section 2 of this Annual Report.


Dividends
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                           106
                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Share Capital
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Shares
Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed shares of the Company during
the year ended December 31, 2022.


Distributable Reserves of the Company
The Company’s reserves available for distribution to Shareholders as at December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately
US$1.18 billion (2021: US$1.71 billion).


Borrowings
The total borrowings of the Group as at December 31, 2022 amounted to US$10.18 billion (2021: US$7.96 billion). Particulars
of borrowings are set out in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Finance Costs Capitalized
Finance costs amounting to US$2 million (2021: US$14 million) were capitalized by the Group during the year as set out in Note
7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Donations and Contributions
Donations and contributions by the Group for charitable and other purposes amounted to US$2 million (2021: US$2 million).


Financial Summary
A summary of the results for the year and of the assets and liabilities of the Group as at December 31, 2022 and for the
previous four financial years are set out in section 4.4 of this Annual Report.




                                                            107
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and as at the Latest Practicable Date are:

 Executive Directors                        Title                                         Note


 Robert Glen Goldstein                      Chairman of the Board and                     Re-designated January 7, 2021
                                              Chief Executive Officer
 Wong Ying Wai                              President                                     Appointed January 22, 2016
 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                      Chief Operating Officer                       Appointed January 7, 2021


 Non-Executive Director


 Charles Daniel Forman                                                                    Elected May 30, 2014


 Independent Non-Executive Directors


 Chiang Yun                                                                               Appointed October 14, 2009
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                                               Appointed December 7, 2012
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                                                  Elected May 31, 2013
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                                                                    Appointed July 15, 2016


The Board has established five committees, being the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee, the Capex Committee and the ESG Committee. The table below details the membership and composition of each
of the five committees as at the Latest Practicable Date.

                                         Audit       Remuneration        Nomination             Capex                 ESG
 Name of Director                    Committee         Committee          Committee          Committee           Committee


 Robert Glen Goldstein                       —                  —           Chairman                   —                 —
 Wong Ying Wai                               —             Member                 —               Member           Member
 Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                       —                  —                 —              Chairman                —
 Charles Daniel Forman                       —                  —                 —                    —                 —
 Chiang Yun                             Member                  —            Member                    —          Chairlady
 Victor Patrick Hoog Antink            Chairman            Member            Member               Member                 —
 Steven Zygmunt Strasser                Member            Chairman                —                    —                 —
 Kenneth Patrick Chung                  Member                  —                 —                    —           Member




                                                            108
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Director Independence
The Company has received written annual confirmation from all Independent Non-Executive Directors of their independence
pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all Independent Non-Executive Directors to be
independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules. Directors are required to declare
their direct or indirect interests, if any, in any proposals or transactions to be considered by the Board at Board meetings and
withdraw if appropriate.


Directors’ Service Contracts
Each of the Non-Executive and Independent Non-Executive Directors is appointed for a term of three years. The appointment
of Non-Executive and Independent Non-Executive Directors may be terminated by either the Company or the Director on not
less than one month’s written notice. The Directors shall retire by rotation at least once every three years and be eligible for re-
election in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.


None of the Directors offering themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract
with the Company, which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than
statutory compensation).


No emoluments were paid to any Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
office during the year (2021: nil).


On April 22, 2022, the Board approved the below appointment letters:
•    Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser as Independent Non-Executive Director for a term of three years from May 31, 2022; and
•    Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung as Independent Non-Executive Director for a term of three years from July 15, 2022.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, details of remuneration of the Directors and senior management are set out in Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements and section 3.7 of this Annual Report respectively.


Directors’ Interests
Directors are required to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in any proposals or transactions to be considered by the
Board and withdraw from that part of the Board meetings, if appropriate.


With the exception of the continuing connected transactions disclosed herein, no transaction, arrangement or contract in
relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director
(or any person who at any time in the financial year ended December 31, 2022 was a Director or any entity connected with a
Director or such person) had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end of the financial
year ended December 31, 2022.


Management Contracts
No contracts, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year 2022.




                                                                109
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                             3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Permitted Indemnity
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, every Director shall be indemnified and held harmless out of the assets of
the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred. The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage for Directors’ and officers’
liabilities in respect of legal actions against the Directors and officers arising out of corporate activities.


Interests of Directors and Chief Executives
The interests of each of the Directors and Chief Executives in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company
and any of the Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as at December 31, 2022, as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of Part XV of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are set out in the table and explanatory notes below:

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                                                  shareholding
  Name of Director                    Company              Nature of interest                  Number of Shares                        interest


  Wong Ying Wai                       Company              Beneficial owner                            6,914,868(L)(1)                     0.09%
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant               Company              Beneficial owner                            3,484,432(L)(2)                     0.04%


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                      Associated                                                                                  shareholding
  Name of Director                    corporation          Nature of interest              Number of securities                        interest


  Robert Glen Goldstein               LVS                  Beneficial owner                            7,037,057(L)(3)                     0.92%
  Charles Daniel Forman               LVS                  Beneficial owner                              220,984(L)(4)                     0.03%
  Chum Kwan Lock, Grant               LVS                  Beneficial owner                              300,000(L)(5)                     0.04%


The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in such shares/securities.


Notes:
(1)      This amount includes (a) 4,000,000 options to purchase 4,000,000 Shares, all of which are vested and exercisable, and (b) 2,914,868 unvested
         restricted share units of the Company.
(2)      This amount includes (a) 1,238,500 options to purchase 1,238,500 Shares, of which 1,108,500 are vested and exercisable, and (b) 2,245,932
         unvested restricted share units of the Company.
(3)      This amount includes (a) 186,557 shares of LVS’ common stock, (b) 6,750,000 options to purchase 6,750,000 shares in LVS’ common stock, of
         which 3,916,000 are vested and exercisable, and (c) 100,500 unvested restricted stock units of LVS.
(4)      This amount includes (a) 215,178 shares of LVS’ common stock, and (b) 5,806 unvested shares of LVS’ restricted stock.
(5)      This amount includes 300,000 options to purchase 300,000 shares in LVS’ common stock, none of which are vested and exercisable.




                                                                          110
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                           3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




None of the Directors or the Chief Executives had short positions in respect of shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as at December 31, 2022.


Save as disclosed above, so far as was known to the Directors, as at December 31, 2022, none of the Directors or the Chief
Executives had, pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, nor were they taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO, any interest or short position in any shares or underlying shares or interest in debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange, or any interests that were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered into
the register referred to therein, or any interests that were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange.


As at December 31, 2022, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors nor the Chief Executives (including their spouses and
children under 18 years of age) had any interest in, or had been granted, or exercised, any rights to subscribe for shares (or
warrants or debentures, if applicable) of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO).


Interests of Substantial Shareholders
The interests of substantial Shareholders in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2022, as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO or as the Company is aware or had been
notified of, are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                   of issued
 Name of substantial Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of interest            Number of Shares        share capital


 Irwin Chafetz                                   Interest of a controlled corporation    5,657,814,885(L)              69.91%
 Las Vegas Sands Corp.                           Interest of a controlled corporation    5,657,814,885(L)              69.91%
 LVS (Nevada) International                      Interest of a controlled corporation    5,657,814,885(L)              69.91%
    Holdings, Inc.
 Venetian Venture Development                    Beneficial owner                        5,657,814,885(L)              69.91%
    Intermediate II


The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in such shares.


As at December 31, 2022, VVDI (II) was a substantial Shareholder which held 5,657,814,885 Shares (representing
approximately 69.91% of the total issued share capital of the Company). VVDI (II) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of LVS
Nevada, which was in turn wholly-owned by LVS. Mr. Irwin Chafetz had voting control in certain shares of common stock
of LVS resulting in him having one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of LVS. Other than 89,105 shares
(0.01%) of LVS’ common stock owned directly by Mr. Chafetz, all other shares of LVS’ common stock were held by Mr. Chafetz
as a (co-)trustee of trusts and co-manager of a limited liability company, in each case for the benefit of members of the Adelson
family.


As at December 31, 2022, the Company had not been notified of any short positions being held by any substantial Shareholder
in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company.



                                                                      111
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Interests of Any Other Persons
Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2022, the Company had not been notified of any persons who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company, as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section
336 of Part XV of the SFO.


Senior Management
The biographical details of the senior management as at the Latest Practicable Date are set out in section 1.3 of this Annual
Report.


Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
represented less than 30% of the Group’s total turnover; and the aggregate amount of purchases (not including the purchases
of items that are of a capital nature) attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers represented 32% of the Group’s
purchases, of which the largest supplier represented 16% of the total. None of the Directors, their close associates, or any
Shareholder had interests in the five largest suppliers disclosed above.


Non-Competition Deed with LVS
We entered into a Non-Competition Deed with LVS on November 8, 2009 so as to maintain a clear delineation of the respective
businesses of each party with effect from the Listing Date. Please see our Prospectus for additional information on the
Non-Competition Deed. Since the Listing Date, there have been no business opportunities offered by LVS to us and LVS and its
associates have not carried out, nor proposed to carry out, any business activity, whether directly or indirectly, which competes
or may lead to competition with us. LVS has provided its written declaration in respect of LVS and its subsidiaries’ (other than
that which form part of our Group) compliance with the undertakings under the Non-Competition Deed during the year ended
December 31, 2022. Our Independent Non-Executive Directors consider that LVS has complied with the terms set out in the
Non-Competition Deed during the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                              112
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Continuing Connected Transactions — Shared Services Agreement
The Company and LVS entered into a Shared Services Agreement in respect of the provision of certain products and services by
the LVS Group to our Group or by our Group to the LVS Group. Details of the Shared Services Agreement are disclosed below.


2021 Shared Services Agreement
On December 10, 2020, the Company and LVS entered into an agreement to renew the terms of the Shared Services
Agreement on amended terms for a period of three years which commenced on January 1, 2021 and will end on December
31, 2023 (the “2021 Shared Services Agreement”).


The following are continuing connected transactions contemplated by the 2021 Shared Services Agreement:


I.    Continuing Connected Transactions Fully Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval, Annual Review and All
      Disclosure Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(1) or 14A.98
      1.    Reciprocal global procurement consultancy services;
      2.    Reciprocal transportation and related logistic services;
      3.    Reciprocal design, development and construction consultancy services;
      4.    Reciprocal administrative and logistics services; and
      5.    Joint international marketing services provided by our Group to the LVS Group.


II.   Continuing Connected Transactions Exempt From Shareholders’ Approval Requirement but subject to
      Reporting, Announcement and Annual Review Requirements Under Listing Rule 14A.76(2)
      The following transactions between our Group and the LVS Group are on-going and are exempt from Shareholders’
      approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2) of the Listing Rules but are subject to the reporting, announcement and
      annual review requirements.


      Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services provided by the LVS Group to our
      Group
      Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the LVS Group agreed to provide to our Group Joint International Marketing
      and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services.


      Pursuant to the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, the annual caps set for the Joint International Marketing and Retail
      Leasing, Management and Marketing Services to be provided by the LVS Group to our Group for each of the three years
      ending December 31, 2023 are US$10.2 million, US$11.2 million and US$12.2 million, respectively.


      The annual caps for the Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services for each
      of the three years ending December 31, 2023 are determined by reference to, among others, (a) the historical figures
      related to such services, (b) the necessary amount to be paid to properly and adequately compensate for the services of
      the marketing executives, (c) sufficient additional fee capacity to address the expected growth of our Group’s business in
      those three years, and (d) the extent and volume of the services our Group expects the LVS Group to provide during such
      periods.




                                                             113
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




      As, based on the annual caps, one or more of the relevant percentage ratios in relation to the Joint International
      Marketing and Retail Leasing, Management and Marketing Services are more than 0.1% but each of them is less than
      5%, the Company is required to comply with the reporting, announcement and annual review but is exempt from
      the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected
      transactions.


      Under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement, our Group also agreed to provide to the LVS Group joint international
      marketing and retail leasing, management and marketing services. The fees to be paid by the LVS Group to our Group
      will be calculated on a cost basis. As the relevant percentage ratios in relation to these services are less than 0.1%,
      the Company is fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule
      14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.


Continuing Connected Transactions — The Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement
Overview
LVS LLC and SCL IP Holdings, LLC entered into the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement on November 8, 2009. LVS LLC
is a connected person as it is wholly-owned subsidiary of LVS. SCL IP Holdings, LLC is our wholly-owned subsidiary. The term of
the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement was a period of slightly over twelve and a half years which commenced on the
Listing Date and ended on December 31, 2022. Therefore, on December 2, 2022, the arrangements contained in the Second
Trademark Sub-License Agreement have been renewed pursuant to an International Trademark License Agreement (please see
the section entitled “Continuing Connected Transactions — International Trademark License Agreement” below for further
details).


The Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement is subject to Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure
requirements. The Stock Exchange has granted to us a waiver from strict compliance with the announcement and Shareholders’
approval requirements in respect of The Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement for a period of slightly over twelve and a
half years from the Listing Date, provided that the annual value of the transactions does not exceed the caps for the relevant
period.


Pursuant to the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement, LVS LLC (as licensor) granted to our Group a license to use
licensed marks referred therein (a) in mainland China, Macao, Hong Kong and Taiwan (and their respective territorial seas) (the
“Restricted Zone”) for the development, operation and marketing of casinos, hotels, integrated resorts and associated facilities
located in the Restricted Zone and (b) in the rest of the world, for the marketing of our business in the Restricted Zone. Nothing
in the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement granted to the licensee or any permitted sublicensee the right to use any
licensed marks for the purpose of carrying on any Internet gaming business, even when the portal or the primary users targeted
was domiciled within the Restricted Zone.




                                                              114
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                         3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Venetian Macao, Sands Macao and The Plaza Macao
Under the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement: (a) for each of the full fiscal years under the term through the full fiscal
year ended December 31, 2012, the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty at the rate of 1.5% of the total gross revenue
of The Venetian Macao, 1.5% of the total gross non-gaming revenue and Paiza-related gaming revenue of Sands Macao and
1.5% of the total gross gaming revenue of the Plaza Casino at The Plaza Macao (the “Relevant Royalty”), provided that the
total royalty payable in respect of those three properties in each such fiscal year was capped at US$20.0 million per full fiscal
year, and (b) for each of the subsequent full fiscal years until the expiration of the remaining term on December 31, 2022,
the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty being the lesser of the Relevant Royalty or the annual caps set out in the table
below, such annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0% for each subsequent year.


Royalty Cap for The Venetian Macao, Sands Macao and The Plaza Macao (2022)

 Year                                                                                                                         2022


 Cap (US$ in millions)                                                                                                        123.8


The Londoner Macao
Under the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement: (a) for each of the first three full fiscal calendar years after
commencement of operations beginning in 2012, the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty fee of 1.5% of the gross
revenues of the operations at The Londoner Macao that utilizes any of the licensed marks (“The Londoner Macao Royalty”),
subject to a US$20 million cap per fiscal year, and (b) for the fiscal calendar years thereafter until the expiration of the remaining
term on December 31, 2022, the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty being the lesser of The Londoner Macao Royalty
or the annual caps set out in the table below, such annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0% for each subsequent year.


Royalty Cap for The Londoner Macao (2022)

 Year                                                                                                                         2022


 Cap (US$ in millions)                                                                                                         71.7




                                                                115
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                         3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Parisian Macao
Under the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement: (a) for each of the first three full fiscal calendar years after
commencement of operations beginning in 2016, the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty fee of 1.5% of the gross
revenues of the operations at The Parisian Macao that utilizes any of the licensed marks (“The Parisian Macao Royalty”), subject
to a US$20 million cap per fiscal year, and (b) for the fiscal calendar years thereafter until the expiration of the remaining term
on December 31, 2022, the licensee paid the licensor an annual royalty being the lesser of The Parisian Macao Royalty or the
annual caps set out in the table below, such annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0% for each subsequent year.


Royalty Cap for The Parisian Macao (2022)

 Year                                                                                                                      2022


 Cap (US$ in millions)                                                                                                      34.6


Continuing Connected Transactions — International Trademark License Agreement
On December 2, 2022, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 (each a “Licensee” and collectively “Licensees”, all being subsidiaries of the
Company) entered into an agreement with LVS to renew the arrangements contained in the Second Trademark Sub-License
Agreement to ensure that the Group continues to have access to the licensed marks referred therein (the “International
Trademark License Agreement”). The International Trademark License Agreement has a term of three years commencing on
January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025. LVS is a controlling shareholder of the Company and hence a connected
person of the Company under the Listing Rules.


Pursuant to the International Trademark License Agreement, LVS granted to members of our Group a license to use the licensed
marks referred therein (a) in mainland China, Macao, Hong Kong and Taiwan (the “Territory”) for the design, development,
construction, ownership, management and/or operation of casinos or gaming areas (including those casinos or gaming areas
which form part of a hotel or an integrated resort) and other like facilities in which customers are able to gamble by playing
games of fortune or chance or other similar games in the Territory and (b) in the rest of the world, for the marketing, advertising
and promotion of our business in the Territory.


In consideration for LVS granting our Group the license to use the licensed marks, each Licensee shall pay LVS an annual
royalty at the rate of 1.5% of its gross non-gaming and gaming revenue. Gross revenue shall be calculated according to U.S.
GAAP in effect as of January 1, 2023; provided, however, that: (1) gross revenue from gaming operations shall be calculated
as net revenue adjusted by adding back casino-related discounts and commissions and loyalty program adjustments, adding
complimentary goods and services provided to patrons and excluding any intragroup revenue, and (2) gross revenue from non-
gaming operations shall be calculated as net revenues excluding any intragroup revenue. All royalties shall be calculated on a
monthly basis and paid on or before the 30th of the following month.


The annual cap for the transactions under the International Trademark License Agreement for each of the three years ending
December 31, 2025 are US$114.0 million, US$125.0 million and US$138.0 million, respectively.




                                                               116
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The annual cap for the International Trademark License Agreement for each of the three years ending December 31, 2025 were
determined by the Board after due and careful consideration by reference to, among others, (a) the historical license fees paid
by the Group to LVS LLC for the four years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, and the nine months ended
September 30, 2022 under the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement; (b) the anticipated potential revenues of the Group
once COVID-19 travel restrictions are lifted (taking into account the rebound in integrated resort tourism and revenues in both
Singapore and Las Vegas once COVID-19 travel restrictions were lifted); and (c) the Group’s expected future developments in
Macao.


As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the transactions contemplated under the International
Trademark License Agreement is more than 0.1% but all are less than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the
reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but is exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected transactions.


The parties are permitted to terminate the International Trademark License Agreement prior to the expiration of the term if:
(a) LVS has materially breached or is breaching any of the provisions of the International Trademark License Agreement or
the Licensee has materially breached or is materially breaching any of the provisions of the International Trademark License
Agreement, or if that Licensee contravenes any law of the jurisdictions in the Territory and such action materially tarnishes or
brings the reputation of the licensed marks or licensed intellectual property into disrepute; or (b) the parties mutually agree to
terminate. LVS is also entitled, upon the compulsion of any law of any of the jurisdictions within the Territory, to terminate the
grant of a license.


Subject to certain limitations set out therein, the International Trademark License Agreement permits each Licensee to
sublicense some or all of the rights granted in respect of the licensed marks and the licensed intellectual property to the
Company and any subsidiary of the Company, and/or any other entity approved in writing in advance by LVS.


Connected Transaction — Changes in Share Capital Structure of VML
Following the Amendment to Law No. 16/2001 on June 23, 2022, Macao’s Gaming Law requires, among other things, that
gaming concessionaires have a minimum share capital of MOP5.0 billion and a managing director who is a Macao permanent
resident and who must hold at least 15% of the share capital in the concessionaire (the “Capital and Management Participation
Requirement”).


On December 7, 2022, VML completed a change in its share capital structure in order to comply with the Capital and
Management Participation Requirement (the “VML Capital Change”) and on December 16, 2022, VML was awarded a gaming
concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao.


Prior to the VML Capital Change, VML had a registered share capital of MOP200.0 million. 89.995% was held by VVDIL and
0.005% by VCHL, both wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 10% was held by Mr. Sun MinQi (Dave) (“Mr. Sun”), the
managing director of VML and a permanent resident of Macao.




                                                              117
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As part of the VML Capital Change, VML adopted a new set of articles of association, pursuant to which VML increased
its registered share capital (MOP200.0 million) to MOP5.0 billion and reclassified all shares held directly and indirectly by
the Company (via VVDIL and VCHL, or otherwise) as Class A Shares, and all shares held by Mr. Sun as Class B Shares. Each
Class B Share has the same voting power as a Class A Share, but the Class B Shares only have nominal dividend, redemption
entitlement and liquidation rights of up to MOP1 for all Class B Shares. VML’s new articles of association also provide, among
other things, that (i) the Class B Shares must, to the extent that the Capital and Management Participation Requirement exists,
be held by VML’s managing director, but if the Capital and Management Participation Requirement no longer exists, VML
may compulsorily redeem the Class B Shares for a nominal consideration; (ii) VML may at no consideration acquire the Class
B Shares for the purpose of transferring them to any new managing director of VML; and (iii) VML may redeem the Class B
Shares for a nominal consideration if its managing director purports to transfer them to any person in breach of VML’s articles
of association.


On November 30 2022, the Company and Mr. Sun entered into a contribution agreement (“Contribution Agreement”),
pursuant to which (among other things): (i) the Company (directly or indirectly) contributed in full the funding of the
subscription price of the Class B Shares Issuance (as defined below); (ii) the Company and Mr. Sun entered into an escrow
arrangement, under which the Company (or a designated person or entity) will hold in escrow all the shares in VML to be held
by Mr. Sun until VML’s liquidation; and (iii) Mr. Sun executed an irrevocable power of attorney in favour of VML, granting VML
the powers to, subject to the applicable laws, regulations and conditions of the gaming concession, transfer or redeem any
shares he holds in VML. Mr. Sun, by virtue of being the managing director of VML, a holder of 10% of the share capital in VML
prior to the VML Capital Change, and the director of other subsidiaries of the Company, is a connected person of the Company
at the subsidiary level.


Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement and a Share Subscription Agreement dated November 30, 2022 between VVDIL,
VCHL, Mr. Sun and VML, the Company injected (via VVDIL and VCHL) MOP4.8 billion into VML, and VML issued and allotted
a total of 40,700,000 Class A Shares at a subscription price of MOP4,070.0 million to VVDIL and VCHL, and 7,300,000 Class
B Shares at a subscription price of MOP730.0 million to Mr. Sun (“Class B Shares Issuance”). After such capital injection, the
Company, through VVDIL and VCHL, indirectly holds all Class A Shares, representing 85% of the voting rights and 100% of
the economic rights in VML (save for the de minimis economic rights in VML held by Mr. Sun), and Mr. Sun holds all Class
B Shares, representing 15% of the voting rights and de minimis economic rights in VML (i.e. only the nominal dividend,
redemption entitlement and liquidation rights of up to MOP1 for all Class B Shares). By virtue of the Company’s control over
85% of the voting rights in VML, VML remains a subsidiary of the Company. The consideration of the Class B Shares Issuance
and the arrangements in relation to the VML Capital Change were determined solely for the purpose of fulfilling the Capital
and Management Participation Requirement.


Mr. Sun is a connected person of the Company and accordingly, the VML Capital Change constituted a connected transaction
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. However, by virtue of Rule 14A.101 of the Listing Rules, since (i)
the Board approved the VML Capital Change; and (ii) the Independent Non-Executive Directors confirmed that the terms of
the VML Capital Change were fair and reasonable and the VML Capital Change was on normal commercial terms or better
and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole, the VML Capital Change is subject to the reporting and
announcement requirements, but is exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and independent shareholders’
approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                             118
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Continuing Connected Transactions — Procurement of Equipment and Supplies
On May 12, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with LVS in respect of the procurement and provision of
equipment and supplies by our Group to the LVS Group for a term of two years which commenced on May 12, 2020 and
ended on May 11, 2022 (the “Agreement on Procurement of Equipment and Supplies”).


Pursuant to the Agreement on Procurement of Equipment and Supplies, our Group shall procure and acquire Equipment and
Supplies (as defined therein) upon request from the LVS Group and then sell the Equipment and Supplies to the LVS Group. The
amounts payable by the LVS Group under the Agreement on Procurement of Equipment and Supplies are calculated on a cost
basis, which means the cost incurred by our Group in providing the relevant Equipment and Supplies to the LVS Group. The
allocation is done on a fair and equitable basis with reference to the actual salary and benefits, employment-related expenses
and statutory costs for the relevant employees and the hours worked by them in providing such services attributable to the LVS
Group. The annual cap for the transactions under the Agreement on Procurement of Equipment and Supplies for each of the
three years ended December 31, 2022 are US$15.5 million, US$12.6 million and US$8.3 million, respectively.


The annual cap for the procurement of Equipment and Supplies services for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022
are determined by the Board after due and careful consideration, having considered the projected procurement volume of
Equipment and Supplies from the LVS Group, price quotes from suppliers, and the historical purchase price paid by our Group
for similar equipment and supplies.


As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Agreement on
Procurement of Equipment and Supplies is more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the Company is required to comply with the
reporting, announcement and annual review but is exempt from the Shareholders’ approval requirements of Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules in respect of these continuing connected transactions.




                                                            119
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Summary of Continuing Connected Transactions
The aggregate amount paid by our Group to the LVS Group and/or by the LVS Group to our Group during the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2022 along with the annual caps for the financial year ended December 31, 2022 are set out below:

                                                                                   Aggregate                 Aggregate
                                                                             amount paid for           amount paid for             Annual Cap for
                                                                              the year ended            the year ended             the year ended
                                                                           December 31, 2021         December 31, 2022          December 31, 2022
                                                                            (US$ in million)          (US$ in million)           (US$ in million)

  Reciprocal Global Procurement Consultancy Services(1)                                      N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Reciprocal Transportation and related Logistics Services(1)                                N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Reciprocal Design, Development and
     Construction Consultancy Services(1)                                                    N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Reciprocal Administrative and Logistics Services(2)                                        N/A                       N/A                        N/A
  Joint International Marketing and Retail Leasing,
     Management and Marketing Services(3)                                                    5.7                        2.6                      11.2
  The Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement                                                42.0                       22.5                     230.1
  Procurement of Equipment and Supplies(4)                                                    Nil                        Nil                      8.3


Notes:
(1)      Per Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules, these continuing connected transactions are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and
         all disclosure requirements.
(2)      Per Rule 14A.98 of the Listing Rules, these continuing connected transactions are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and
         all disclosure requirements.
(3)      These amounts represent amounts paid for the services provided by the LVS Group to our Group. The services provided by our Group to the LVS
         Group are fully exempt from Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.
(4)      These amounts represent amounts paid for the services provided by our Group to the LVS Group.




                                                                          120
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Payments by Our Group That Do Not Constitute Continuing Connected Transactions
The Shared Services Agreement also documents certain historical arrangements in which our Group and the LVS Group have
coordinated efforts to obtain insurance coverage and information technology products and services from third-party service
providers. These arrangements continue after the Listing Date. Such arrangements permit our Group together with the LVS
Group to leverage our combined negotiating power for such services or coverage.


With respect to insurance coverage, LVS has executed various insurance policies that provide global coverage for its subsidiaries
(including coverage for certain members of our Group). We bear that portion of the premiums charged for such insurance
coverage that is proportionate to our share of the insurance coverage. In the event of losses suffered by any members of our
Group, the indemnification from the insurers under such policies for such losses will be paid to us.


With respect to information technology products and services, LVS has entered into various enterprise level agreements in order
to meet the combined requirements of its subsidiaries (including the requirements of members of our Group). We bear that
portion of the cost for such information technology products and services that is proportionate to our share of the use of such
information technology products and services.


The above arrangements are not considered continuing connected transactions between our Group and the LVS Group as the
LVS Group is not providing our Group with any services or products and vice versa.


Auditor’s Letter
In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, our Board engaged the auditor of our Company to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice
Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing their findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group above in accordance with Rule 14A.56
of the Listing Rules.


Directors’ Review
The Directors, including the Independent Non-Executive Directors, have reviewed the continuing connected transactions for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and are of the opinion they were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business
of the Company on normal commercial terms and according to the agreements governing them on terms that are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of the Company’s Shareholders as a whole.


Related Party Transactions in the Normal Course of Business
Details of the significant related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are provided under Note 26
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. With the exception of the connected transactions disclosed herein, none of those
related party transactions constitute a disclosable connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules. The Company has
complied with the disclosure requirements set out in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules relating to related party transactions.




                                                              121
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Equity Award Plan
The Company maintained the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan (collectively the “Equity Award
Plans”) for the purpose of attracting able persons to enter and remain in the employ of our Group. They also provide a means
whereby employees, directors and consultants of our Group can acquire and maintain Share ownership, or be paid incentive
compensation measured by reference to the value of Shares, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of our
Group and promoting an identity of interest between Shareholders and these persons.


Persons who are eligible to participate in the Equity Award Plans (the “Eligible Persons”) are limited to those who have entered
into an award agreement with us or who have received written notification from the Remuneration Committee (or a person
designated by the Remuneration Committee) that they have been selected to participate in the Equity Award Plans. Eligible
Persons include:
(i)   any individual regularly employed by our Company or any of our subsidiaries, provided, however, no such employee
      covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to the extent such eligibility is set forth
      in such collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument related thereto;
(ii)  a director of our Company or any of our subsidiaries; or
(iii) a consultant or advisor to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.


2009 Equity Award Plan
The Company adopted the 2009 Equity Award Plan on November 8, 2009 (amended on February 19, 2016) which expired on
November 30, 2019, being the tenth anniversary of November 30, 2009. On and after November 30, 2019, no awards may be
granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan. However, all existing awards granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan which are
unexercised or unvested will remain valid and (where applicable) exercisable in accordance with their respective terms of grant
despite the expiry of the 2009 Equity Award Plan.


2019 Equity Award Plan
The 2019 Equity Award Plan was approved by the Shareholders at the Company’s annual general meeting held on May 24,
2019, and took effect on December 1, 2019. There is no material difference between the terms of the 2009 Equity Award
Plan and the terms of the 2019 Equity Award Plan. Unless otherwise terminated, the 2019 Equity Award Plan will be valid and
effective for a period of ten years from December 1, 2019. The 2019 Equity Award Plan is subject to the administration of the
Remuneration Committee.


The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all share-based awards (including options) under which
new Shares will be issued to be granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan and similar share-based awards under any
other award plans of the Company (under which new Shares will be issued pursuant to any grant) must not in aggregate
exceed 808,619,139 Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at May 24, 2019, being the date
of Shareholders’ approval of the 2019 Equity Award Plan, excluding for this purpose options (or any other share-based
awards) that have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Equity Award Plan (or any other plans of our Company)
(the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). As at January 1, 2022, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and
awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit was 808,619,139 Shares. As at December 31, 2022 and the
Latest Practicable Date, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards available for grant under
the Scheme Mandate Limit was 805,319,139 Shares, which represented approximately 10% of the issued share capital of the
Company on that date.




                                                                122
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options and other share-based
awards granted and yet to be exercised under the 2019 Equity Award Plan and similar share-based awards under any other
award plans of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


The total number of Shares issued and which may be issued upon exercise of options or other share-based awards granted and
to be granted (including both exercised, cancelled, outstanding options, Shares and other share-based awards which have been
granted and accepted) to each Eligible Person, when aggregated with any similar share-based awards under any other plans of
the Company granted to that Eligible Person, in any 12-month period prior to (and including) the date of grant shall not exceed
1% of the Shares in issue on the date of grant.


The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of all share-based awards (including options) granted under the 2019
Equity Award Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 divided by the weighted average number of Shares for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 0.0004.


Share Options
As at December 31, 2022, 140,932,591 options to purchase Shares had been granted under the 2009 Equity Award Plan of
which 45,323,782 options had been exercised and 50,507,909 options had lapsed. As at December 31, 2022, 3,300,000
options to purchase Shares had been granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan, no options had been exercised or lapsed. No
other share-based awards had been granted under the 2019 Equity Award Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022.


Options will vest and become exercisable on such date(s) as may be determined by the Remuneration Committee and will expire
after such period (not to exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such option) as may be determined by the Remuneration
Committee.


The minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised will be specified in the relevant option
agreement between our Company and the relevant Eligible Person. Grant of options are accepted by the relevant Eligible
Person within 28 days.


The exercise price per Share for each option shall be set by the Remuneration Committee at the time of grant but shall not be
less than the highest of:
(i)    the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant,
       which must be a business day;
(ii)   the average of the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the
       five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and
(iii) the nominal value of a Share.


The exercise of any option shall be subject to our Shareholders in general meeting approving any necessary increase in the
authorized share capital of our Company.




                                                               123
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Details of the grant of options and a summary of movements of the outstanding options during the year under the 2009 Equity
Award Plan were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                         average
                                                                                                                                                                                    closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                       of Shares
                                                                            Closing price                                                                                           immediately
                                                                               of Shares                                                                                              before the
                                                                                                                                     Number of options
                                                                            immediately                                                                                                 dates on
                                                                              before the                       outstanding                                          outstanding            which
                                                             Exercise price       date of                             as at   granted         lapsed     exercised         as at   options were
                              Date                   Options per Share(1)          grant                         January 1,     during        during        during December 31,        exercised
 Participants                 granted                granted           HK$           HK$ Exercise period              2022    the year      the year      the year         2022              HK$

 Employee participants:
  — Directors
    Wong Ying Wai             November 2, 2015      4,000,000(3)     28.59         28.15 November 2, 2016–       4,000,000         —             —             —       4,000,000              —
                                                                                         November 1, 2025
    Chum Kwan Lock, Grant     February 24, 2016       406,000        26.97         27.05 February 24, 2017–        101,500         —             —             —        101,500               —
                                                                                         February 23, 2026
                              February 24, 2017       406,000        32.15         32.25 February 24, 2018–        203,000         —             —             —        203,000               —
                                                                                         February 23, 2027
                              February 26, 2018       414,000        44.85         44.00 February 26, 2019–        414,000         —             —             —        414,000               —
                                                                                         February 25, 2028
                              February 25, 2019       520,000        39.25         39.00 February 25, 2020–        520,000         —             —             —        520,000               —
                                                                                         February 24, 2029
   — Employees of the Group   August 31, 2012       1,538,100        26.82         27.50 August 31, 2013–          330,100         —        330,100            —              —               —
                                                                                         August 30, 2022
                              February 15, 2013     1,486,800        36.73         36.50 February 15, 2014–        742,150         —        361,900            —        380,250               —
                                                                                         February 14, 2023
                              May 16, 2013          1,241,900        40.26         40.45 May 16, 2014–             199,100         —             —             —        199,100               —
                                                                                         May 15, 2023
                              February 24, 2014     2,602,300        59.35         58.90 February 24, 2015–        637,100         —             —             —        637,100               —
                                                                                         February 23, 2024
                              March 18, 2014        3,238,800        62.94         62.25 March 18, 2015–         1,242,600         —             —             —       1,242,600              —
                                                                                         March 17, 2024
                              May 21, 2014          2,723,800        57.75         57.40 May 21, 2015–             651,100         —             —             —        651,100               —
                                                                                         May 20, 2024
                              June 18, 2014           857,100        53.64         53.10 June 18, 2015–            585,300         —             —             —        585,300               —
                                                                                         June 17, 2024
                              August 29, 2014       1,063,100        52.33         51.35 August 29, 2015–          450,500         —             —             —        450,500               —
                                                                                         August 28, 2024
                              September 26, 2014      195,000        43.27         41.30 September 26, 2015–       195,000         —             —             —        195,000               —
                                                                                         September 25, 2024
                              May 5, 2015             795,600        33.15         32.80 May 5, 2016–              165,000         —             —             —        165,000               —
                                                                                         May 4, 2025
                              February 24, 2016    14,078,400        26.97         27.05 February 24, 2017–      3,085,700         —        210,200            —       2,875,500              —
                                                                                         February 23, 2026
                              March 23, 2016        2,520,400        31.00         30.35 March 23, 2017–           733,500         —        124,000            —        609,500               —
                                                                                         March 22, 2026
                              May 20, 2016            317,600        27.55         27.25 May 20, 2017–              85,400         —             —             —          85,400              —
                                                                                         May 19, 2026
                              September 13, 2016      433,600        34.03         34.45 September 13, 2017–       253,000         —             —             —        253,000               —
                                                                                         September 12, 2026
                              February 24, 2017    12,523,200        32.15         32.25 February 24, 2018–      5,148,750         —        378,800            —       4,769,950              —
                                                                                         February 23, 2027
                              March 23, 2017        2,626,400        35.25         35.05 March 23, 2018–         1,267,700         —        159,800            —       1,107,900              —
                                                                                         March 22, 2027
                              May 19, 2017            494,000        34.31         33.80 May 19, 2018–             139,400         —             —             —        139,400               —
                                                                                         May 18, 2027




                                                                                              124
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                                                                                                                                                   closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                      of Shares
                                                                           Closing price                                                                                           immediately
                                                                              of Shares                                                                                              before the
                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                           immediately                                                                                                 dates on
                                                                             before the                       outstanding                                          outstanding            which
                                                            Exercise price       date of                             as at   granted         lapsed     exercised         as at   options were
                             Date                   Options per Share(1)          grant                         January 1,     during        during        during December 31,        exercised
Participants                 granted                granted           HK$           HK$ Exercise period              2022    the year      the year      the year         2022              HK$

  — Employees of the Group   September 13, 2017     889,600         37.90         37.20 September 13, 2018–       423,600         —             —             —        423,600               —
                                                                                        September 12, 2027
                             February 26, 2018    12,637,200        44.85         44.00 February 26, 2019–      8,414,100         —        443,700            —       7,970,400              —
                                                                                        February 25, 2028
                             March 23, 2018        2,478,000        44.31         43.65 March 23, 2019–         1,551,700         —        135,700            —       1,416,000              —
                                                                                        March 22, 2028
                             May 21, 2018          1,035,200        47.95         47.10 May 21, 2019–             722,400         —             —             —        722,400               —
                                                                                        May 20, 2028
                             September 13, 2018    1,720,800        33.80         31.70 September 13, 2019–     1,167,000         —             —             —       1,167,000              —
                                                                                        September 12, 2028
                             February 25, 2019    12,455,200        39.25         39.00 February 25, 2020–      9,528,000         —        584,000            —       8,944,000              —
                                                                                        February 24, 2029
                             April 23, 2019        2,582,400        43.60         43.05 April 23, 2020–         2,018,000         —        146,000            —       1,872,000              —
                                                                                        April 22, 2029
                             May 20, 2019          1,705,600        39.93         38.85 May 20, 2020–           1,383,200         —        162,000            —       1,221,200              —
                                                                                        May 19, 2029
                             September 5, 2019     1,791,200        36.45         36.85 September 5, 2020–      1,468,000         —         43,200            —       1,424,800              —
                                                                                        September 4, 2029
Service providers            February 24, 2016       43,200         26.97         27.05 February 24, 2017–         10,800         —             —             —          10,800              —
                                                                                        February 23, 2026
                             March 23, 2016          45,200         31.00         30.35 March 23, 2017–            45,200         —             —             —          45,200              —
                                                                                        March 22, 2026
                             February 24, 2017       43,200         32.15         32.25 February 24, 2018–         43,200         —             —             —          43,200              —
                                                                                        February 23, 2027
                             March 23, 2017          45,200         35.25         35.05 March 23, 2018–            45,200         —             —             —          45,200              —
                                                                                        March 22, 2027
                             February 26, 2018       51,600         44.85         44.00 February 26, 2019–         51,600         —             —             —          51,600              —
                                                                                        February 25, 2028
                             March 23, 2018          48,000         44.31         43.65 March 23, 2019–            48,000         —             —             —          48,000              —
                                                                                        March 22, 2028
                             February 25, 2019       57,200         39.25         39.00 February 25, 2020–         57,200         —             —             —          57,200              —
                                                                                        February 24, 2029
                             April 23, 2019          53,200         43.60         43.05 April 23, 2020–            53,200         —             —             —          53,200              —
                                                                                        April 22, 2029




                                                                                             125
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                   3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Details of the grant of options and a summary of movements of the outstanding options during the year under the 2019 Equity
Award Plan were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                                                                                                                                                   closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                      of Shares
                                                                           Closing price                                                                                           immediately
                                                                              of Shares                                                                                              before the
                                                                                                                                    Number of options
                                                                           immediately                                                                                                 dates on
                                                                             before the                      outstanding                                           outstanding            which
                                                            Exercise price       date of                            as at    granted         lapsed     exercised         as at   options were
                                                    Options per Share(1)          grant                        January 1,      during        during        during December 31,        exercised
  Participants                   Date granted       granted           HK$           HK$ Exercise period             2022     the year      the year      the year         2022              HK$

  Employee participants:
      — Employees of the Group   August 15, 2022   3,300,000(4)     17.80         17.80 December 31, 2026–            —     3,300,000           —             —       3,300,000              —
                                                                                        August 14, 2032



Notes:
(1)        The exercise price per Share of the options is determined at the time of grant of the options and should not be less than the highest of (a) the
           official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant of the options, which must
           be a business day; (b) the average of the official closing price of Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
           business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the options; and (c) the nominal value of a Share.


(2)        Save as disclosed in note (3) and (4) below, the proportion of underlying shares in respect of which the above options will vest is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                         Proportion of
                                                                                                                                                              underlying shares in
                                                                                                                                                              respect of which the
                                                                                                                                                                  above options will
                                                                                                                                                                   vest is as follows:


             Before the first anniversary of the date of grant of the option (the “Offer Anniversary”)                                                                                 None
             From the first Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the second Offer Anniversary                                                                   One-quarter
             From the second Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the third Offer Anniversary                                                                  Two-quarters
             From the third Offer Anniversary to the date immediately before the fourth Offer Anniversary                                                                Three-quarters
             From the fourth Offer Anniversary and thereafter                                                                                                                              All


(3)        Among the 4,000,000 options granted to Dr. Wong Ying Wai on November 2, 2015, 266,666 options vested on November 2, 2016, 533,334
           options vested on November 2, 2017, 800,000 options vested on November 2, 2018, 800,000 options vested on November 2, 2019 and
           1,600,000 options vested on September 30, 2020.


(4)        The 3,300,000 options granted to eligible employees on August 15, 2022 will vest on December 31, 2026.


(5)        No options were cancelled during the year.




                                                                                             126
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




When the options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
recognized in share-based compensation reserve will be transferred to retained earnings.


The Company estimates the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted average
fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, measured as at the date of grant, was approximately
US$1.13.


Significant estimates and assumptions are required to be made in determining the parameters for applying the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, including estimates and assumptions regarding the risk-free rate of return, expected dividend yield and
volatility of the underlying shares and the expected life of the options. These estimates and assumptions could have a material
effect on the determination of the fair value of the options and the amount of such share-based awards expected to vest, which
may in turn significantly impact the determination of the share-based compensation expense. The following assumptions were
used to derive the fair values of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. An explanation on how these
significant assumptions and inputs were determined was set out in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Weighted average volatility                                43.7%
Expected term (in years)                                   7.2
Risk-free rate                                             2.7%
Expected dividends                                         —


Restricted Share Units
As at December 31, 2022, 26,174,400 restricted share units (under which no new Shares will be issued) had been granted
under the Equity Award Plans, of which 3,548,404 restricted share units had vested and 1,223,932 restricted share units had
lapsed.


Save as disclosed herein, no options, restricted share units or any other share-based awards were granted under the Equity
Award Plans or any equity award plan of the Group and no options, restricted share units or any other share-based awards were
cancelled during the year.




                                                             127
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       3. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Closures of Register of Members
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed on the following dates:

 Book Closure Period/Date                Purpose                                  Final Lodging Time/Date


 May 9, 2023 to May 19, 2023             To determine the identity of             no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time)
                                           Shareholders who are entitled to         on May 8, 2023
                                           attend and vote at the 2023
                                           annual general meeting to be held
                                           on May 19, 2023 (“AGM”)


During and including the book closure period/dates described in the table above, no transfer of Shares will be registered.


In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all duly completed and signed transfer documents accompanied by the
relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong
Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong
Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the final lodging date mentioned in the table above.


Pre-emptive Rights
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association, or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.


Sufficiency of Public Float
Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors at the Latest Practicable
Date, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.


Corporate Governance
The Company’s corporate governance principles and practices are set out in the Corporate Governance Report in section 3 of
this Annual Report.


Auditor
The Consolidated Financial Statements for the year have been audited by Deloitte who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM.


On behalf of the Board
Robert Glen Goldstein
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer


March 17, 2023




                                                             128
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SANDS CHINA LTD.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sands China Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 133 to 215, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at December
31, 2022, and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“the Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                              129
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


                        4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Provision of Expected Credit Losses for Casino
Receivables

As disclosed in note 16(a) to the consolidated financial                  Our procedures in relation to the provision of expected
statements, the Group had net amount of casino                            credit losses of casino receivables included:
receivables before provision for expected credit losses of
approximately US$142 million as at December 31, 2022                      •    Obtaining an understanding and testing the
and out of which an aggregate gross carrying amount of                         operating effectiveness of controls over granting
approximately US$139 million were past due. The Group                          of casino credit, collection processes and
maintained a provision for credit losses based on the                          management’s review controls over the assessment
amount of expected credit losses on casino receivables and                     of the collectability of casino receivables and
regularly evaluated the balances.                                              appropriateness of the estimated allowance,
                                                                               including the information used by management in
As further disclosed in note 16(a) to the consolidated                         those controls; and
financial statements, the Group specifically analyzed the
collectability of each casino receivables account with a                  •    Developing expectations of current year loss
significant balance, based upon the aging of the account,                      allowance based on repayment history of debtors
the customer’s financial condition, collection history and                     and forward looking information and examining their
any other known information. The Group also monitored                          subsequent settlement, on a sample basis, to assess
regional and global economic conditions and forecasts in                       the reasonableness of the amount of expected credit
its evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded provisions.                     losses made for casino receivables by the Group.
For the remaining debtors which consist of a large number
of small customers with common risk characteristics, the
Group applied expected loss rates to past due account
balances, and the expected loss rates were estimated
based on the historical observed default rates over the
expected life of the receivable balance and forward-looking
information.


Auditing the valuation of the casino receivables involved
evaluation of management’s judgment pertaining to the
collectability of casino receivables, especially as it relates to
the evaluation of the customer’s ability to repay amounts
owed.




                                                                    130
                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing
to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


                                                               131
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


                       4.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Stephen David Smart.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


March 17, 2023


                                                               132
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                          4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT



                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                      Notes         US$ in millions, except per share data
 Net revenues                                                           4                         1,605              2,874
 Gaming tax                                                                                        (515)            (1,017)
 Employee benefit expenses                                              5                        (1,032)            (1,049)
 Depreciation and amortization                                          4                          (750)              (733)
 Inventories consumed                                                                               (26)                (34)
 Other expenses, gains and losses                                       6                          (445)              (578)

 Operating loss                                                                                  (1,163)              (537)
 Interest income                                                                                     19                  2
 Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized                               7                         (444)              (373)
 Loss on early retirement of debt                                       22                           —                (137)

 Loss before income tax                                                                          (1,588)            (1,045)
 Income tax benefit/(expense)                                           8                             6                  (3)

 Loss for the year attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                                                                (1,582)            (1,048)


 Loss per share for loss attributable to
   equity holders of the Company
   — Basic                                                              9            (US19.55 cents)       (US12.95 cents)


   — Diluted                                                            9            (US19.55 cents)       (US12.95 cents)




The notes on pages 139 to 215 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            133
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


           4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                              US$ in millions
 Loss for the year attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                                                                (1,582)      (1,048)

 Other comprehensive expense
 Item that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Cash flow hedge fair value adjustment                                                               (2)          (4)

 Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Currency translation differences                                                                    (9)          (6)


 Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to
   equity holders of the Company                                                                 (1,593)      (1,058)




The notes on pages 139 to 215 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            134
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


                              4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                          December 31,
                                                                          2022               2021
                                                               Notes      US$ in millions
ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Investment properties, net                                        11     598                637
  Property and equipment, net                                       12    7,904              8,477
  Intangible assets, net                                            14       31                38
  Other assets, net                                                          13                26
  Other receivables and prepayments, net                            16       24                24
  Restricted bank deposit                                           17     125                  —


Total non-current assets                                                  8,695              9,202


Current assets
  Inventories                                                                19                15
  Other asset                                                                 1                 —
  Trade and other receivables and prepayments, net                  16     145                183
  Restricted cash and cash equivalents                              17     912                 16
  Cash and cash equivalents                                         18     790                678


Total current assets                                                      1,867               892


Total assets                                                             10,562             10,094




                                                       135
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                               4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                             CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                      Notes                      US$ in millions
 EQUITY
 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders
   of the Company
   Share capital                                                        19                          81                81
   Reserves                                                             20                        (781)              807

 Total (deficit)/equity                                                                           (700)              888

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                             21                         128                112
   Borrowings                                                           22                       8,218              7,946
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                      15                          45                 54

 Total non-current liabilities                                                                   8,391              8,112

 Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                             21                         908              1,071
   Current income tax liabilities                                                                   —                   5
   Borrowings                                                           22                       1,963                 18

 Total current liabilities                                                                       2,871              1,094

 Total liabilities                                                                           11,262                 9,206

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                10,562                10,094


 Net current liabilities                                                                         (1,004)             (202)


 Total assets less current liabilities                                                           7,691              9,000

Approved by the Board of Directors on March 17, 2023 and signed on behalf of the Board by




Robert Glen Goldstein                                         Wong Ying Wai
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer             President
Director                                                      Director


The notes on pages 139 to 215 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            136
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


                  4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                                                                                                          Retained
                                                         Capital                 Statutory Share-based           Currency                earnings/
                                            Share        reserve       Share       reserve compensation        translation     Hedge (accumulated
                                           Capital   (Note 20(a))   premium    (Note 20(b))        reserve         reserve    reserve       losses)    Total
                                                                                            US$ in millions
 Balance at January 1, 2021                    81             87       1,498            6               97             4          —             156     1,929
 Loss for the year                             —              —           —             —               —              —          —          (1,048)   (1,048)
 Fair value adjustment on cash
   flow hedge                                  —              —           —             —               —              —          (4)            —         (4)
 Other comprehensive expense
   for the year                                —              —           —             —               —               (6)       —              —         (6)

 Total comprehensive expense                   —              —          —              —               —              (6)        (4)        (1,048)   (1,058)
 Exercise of share options                     —              —          12             —               —              —          —              —         12
 Transfer to share premium upon exercise
   of share options                            —              —           5             —                (5)           —          —              —         —
 Forfeiture of share options                   —              —           —             —                (2)           —          —              2         —
 Share-based compensation of the
   Company                                     —              —           —             —                4             —          —              —          4
 Share-based compensation
   charged by LVS                              —              —           —             —                1             —          —              —          1

 Balance at December 31, 2021                  81             87       1,515            6               95             (2)        (4)          (890)      888
 Loss for the year                             —              —           —             —               —              —          —          (1,582)   (1,582)
 Fair value adjustment on cash flow
    hedge                                      —              —           —             —               —              —          (2)            —         (2)
 Other comprehensive expense
   for the year                                —              —           —             —               —               (9)       —              —         (9)

 Total comprehensive expense                   —              —           —             —               —              (9)        (2)        (1,582)   (1,593)
 Forfeiture of share options                   —              —           —             —               (3)            —          —               3        —
 Share-based compensation
   of the Company                              —              —           —             —                3             —          —              —          3
 Share-based compensation
   charged by LVS                              —              —           —             —                2             —          —              —          2

 Balance at December 31, 2022                  81             87       1,515             6              97            (11)        (6)        (2,469)    (700)




The notes on pages 139 to 215 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                               137
                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


                     4.2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                      Notes                   US$ in millions
 Cash flows (used in)/generated from operating activities
   Cash (used in)/generated from operations                             24                        (466)                93
   Income tax paid                                                                                  (7)                (5)

 Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                           (473)                88

 Cash flows used in investing activities
   Placement of restricted bank deposit                                                           (125)                —
   Withdrawal from restricted cash and cash equivalents                                             16                 —
   Purchases of property and equipment                                                            (203)              (564)
   Additions to investment properties                                                              (18)               (60)
   Purchases of intangible assets                                                                  (20)               (16)
   Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment, investment
    properties and intangible assets                                                                9                   3
   Interest received                                                                               16                   3

 Net cash used in investing activities                                                            (325)              (634)

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                          —                   12
   Proceeds from bank loans                                             22                       1,200                756
   Proceeds from LVS Term Loan                                          22                       1,000                  —
   Proceeds from Senior Notes                                           22                          —               1,946
   Repayment of 2023 Notes                                              22                          —              (1,800)
   Repayments of other long-term borrowings                             22                          (1)                 —
   Repayments of lease liabilities                                      22                          (9)                (12)
   Payments of financing costs                                          22                          (2)                (27)
   Make-whole premium on early retirement of debt                       22                          —                (131)
   Interest paid                                                        22                        (367)              (378)

 Net cash from financing activities                                                              1,821                366

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                            1,023               (180)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                    678                861
 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents                                                1                 (3)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                        1,702                678

Cash and cash equivalents of US$1.70 billion as at December 31, 2022 includes restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912
million that became unrestricted in early January 2023.



The notes on pages 139 to 215 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                            138
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Principal activities
     The Group is principally engaged in the operation of casino games of chance and the development and operation
     of destination properties and other ancillary services in Macao. The Group’s immediate holding company is Venetian
     Venture Development Intermediate II. Las Vegas Sands Corp. (“LVS”), a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.,
     indirectly holds 69.91% ownership interest in the Group as at December 31, 2022, and is the Group’s ultimate holding
     company.


     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 15, 2009 as an exempted company with limited liability
     under the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office in the
     Cayman Islands is Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited, One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-
     9005, Cayman Islands. The Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong
     Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


     The Group owns and operates The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao, and
     Sands Macao. The Group’s properties collectively feature some of the world’s largest casinos, luxury suites and hotel
     rooms, different restaurants and food outlets, spas and theaters for live performances and multiple levels of shopping
     experiences, as well as other integrated resort amenities.


     During 2022, the Group achieved milestones in advancing several strategic objectives. The Group was awarded a new
     10-year gaming concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao. The Group completed the Londoner
     Arena and the expansion of Shoppes at Londoner during the first half of 2022, which marks the completion of the
     conversion of Sands Cotai Central into The Londoner Macao.


     The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 30, 2009.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in millions of United States dollars (“US$ in millions”), unless
     otherwise stated.


     The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on March 17, 2023.


     COVID-19 Pandemic Update
     While visitation to Macao remains substantially below pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, the Macao government’s policy
     regarding the management of COVID-19 and general travel restrictions has adjusted in line with changes in policy in
     mainland China in late December 2022 and early January 2023. Currently, visitors from mainland China, Hong Kong
     and Taiwan may enter Macao, subject to them holding the appropriate travel documents, without having to present any
     proof of COVID-19 testing. Arrivals from foreign countries must provide proof of a negative COVID-19 nucleic acid test or
     antigen test completed within 48 hours prior to arrival. The Group’s operations will continue to be impacted and subject
     to changes in the government policies of Macao, mainland China, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions in Asia addressing
     travel and public health measures associated with COVID-19.




                                                            139
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     COVID-19 Pandemic Update (continued)
     Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, various outbreaks occurred in the region, particularly in Hong Kong
     in late January and early February, the Guangdong province in March, Macao in mid-June and Zhuhai in early October,
     all of which resulted in various travel, border and/or operational restrictions. Specifically, on July 9, 2022, the Macao
     government ordered casinos and all non-essential businesses to close from July 11, 2022 to July 18, 2022 in an attempt
     to control the outbreak in Macao, which was extended through July 22, 2022. On July 20, 2022, the Macao government
     announced a consolidation period, which started on July 23, 2022 and ended on July 30, 2022, whereby certain business
     activities were allowed to resume limited operations; however, casino operations resumed, but with a maximum capacity
     of 50% of casino staff working at any point. Throughout August, these preventative measures were gradually reduced,
     as well as various restrictions on movement between Macao and Zhuhai were progressively lifted by both the Macao and
     mainland China governments.


     Various travel restrictions, such as border closures, mandatory quarantines and proof of negative COVID-19 testing on
     arrival in Macao, among others, were in effect at various times during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in
     fluctuations in guest travel and visitation.


     The Hong Kong/Macao Express bus service and the ferry services between the Taipa Ferry Terminal and Hong Kong
     International Airport recommenced on December 24, 2022 and December 30, 2022, respectively. The Group’s ferry
     operations between Macao and Hong Kong were suspended throughout 2022 and resumed operation on a limited basis
     on January 8, 2023.


     The Group’s gaming operations remained open during most of the year ended December 31, 2022. While guest
     visitation has begun to recover with the gradual relaxation of travel and quarantine restrictions, the timing and manner
     in which the Group’s casinos, restaurants and shopping malls will operate at full capacity will progressively be assessed
     against business volumes.


     As with prior periods, in support of the Macao government’s initiatives to fight the COVID-19 Pandemic, at various times
     throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group provided both towers of the Sheraton Grand Macao hotel
     and also The Parisian Macao hotel to the Macao government to house individuals for quarantine and medical observation
     purposes.


     The Group’s operations have been significantly impacted by the reduced visitation to Macao. The Macao government
     announced total visitation from mainland China to Macao decreased approximately 27.5% and 81.7%, during the year
     ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021 and 2019 (pre-pandemic), respectively. The Macao
     government also announced gross gaming revenue decreased approximately 51.4% and 85.6%, during the year ended
     December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021 and 2019, respectively.


     At the Group’s properties, all social distancing requirements, including those requiring reduced seating at table games
     and a decreased number of active slot machines on the casino floor compared to pre-COVID-19 levels have ceased in
     early January 2023.




                                                            140
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     COVID-19 Pandemic Update (continued)
     The disruptions arising from the COVID-19 Pandemic continued to have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s
     financial condition and operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The duration and intensity of this global
     health situation and related disruptions are uncertain and given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the potential
     future impact on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition is uncertain.


     While the Group’s properties were open with some operating at reduced levels due to lower visitation and required safety
     measures in place during the year ended December 31, 2022, the current economic and regulatory environment on a
     global basis and in Macao continues to evolve. The Group cannot predict the manner in which governments will react as
     the global and regional impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic changes over time, which could significantly alter the Group’s
     current operations.


     The Group has adequate liquidity to fund its operations and meet its contractual obligations, including its obligations
     under the Concession Contract, for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting period. The Group had US$790
     million in cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents) and US$541 million in available
     borrowing capacity under the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility as at December 31, 2022, and formerly restricted cash and
     cash equivalents totaling US$912 million became available to the Group in January 2023. In addition, COVID-19-related
     travel restrictions were lifted in January 2023, and the number of tourists visiting Macao has increased significantly, with
     Macao’s gross gaming revenue for the two months ended February 28, 2023 recovering to 43.5% of 2019 levels.


     The maturity day of the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility is currently July 31, 2023. The Company intends to extend it beyond
     that date and we are optimistic that this extension will be granted. However, there is no assurance that it will be
     approved, which could have an adverse effect on our liquidity.


     Macao Concession
     Until December 31, 2022, the Macao government administered gaming through concession contracts awarded to three
     different Concessionaires and three Subconcessionaires, including VML. On June 23, 2022, the Macao government
     approved and authorized an extension between VML and Galaxy, thereby extending the Subconcession from June
     26, 2022 to December 31, 2022. VML paid the Macao government 47 million patacas (approximately US$6 million at
     exchange rates in effect at the time of the transaction) and provided a bank guarantee to the Macao government on
     September 20, 2022, in the amount of 2.31 billion patacas (approximately US$289 million at exchange rates as defined
     in the bank guarantee contract) to secure the fulfillment of VML’s payment obligations towards its employees if VML
     were unsuccessful in tendering for a new concession contract after its Subconcession expired.


     On November 26, 2022, the Macao government provisionally awarded six concessions to six of the bidders, including
     VML, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the provision of a bank guarantee of 1.0 billion patacas
     (approximately US$125 million) to secure the fulfillment of VML’s legal, contractual and other obligations, including labor
     obligations. By December 9, 2022, VML had complied with all of these conditions.


     On December 16, 2022, the Macao government granted VML, SCL’s wholly owned subsidiary, one of six concessions to
     operate casinos in Macao. VML entered into a ten-year concession agreement with the Macao government, beginning on
     January 1, 2023. On December 19, 2022, VML requested the release of all the bank guarantees provided to the Macao
     government under its Subconcession, and in January 2023 such bank guarantees were released, including the 2.31 billion
     patacas bank guarantee.


                                                             141
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Macao Concession (continued)
     On December 30, 2022, in accordance with the requirements of the Gaming Law and their obligations under the
     Undertakings, the Company’s subsidiaries VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2, entered into deeds of reversion, pursuant to
     which they confirmed and agreed to revert to the Macao government the Gaming Assets without compensation
     and free of any liens or charges upon the expiry of the term of the Subconcession extension period. A total area of
     approximately 136,000 square meters of casinos, gaming areas and gaming support areas located in the Group’s
     properties (representing approximately 4.7% of the total property area) and gaming equipment (collectively referred to
     as the “Gaming Assets”) with a total net book value of US$753 million, reverted to, and are now owned by the Macao
     government on December 31, 2022. VML will continue to recognize these Gaming Assets as property and equipment
     and depreciate over their remaining estimated useful lives as VML will continue to operate the Gaming Assets in the same
     manner as under the previous Subconcession, obtain substantially all of the economic benefits and bear all of the risks
     arising from the use of these assets, as well as assuming it will be successful in the awarding of a new concession upon
     expiry of the Concession.

     On the same day, VML entered into a handover record the Handover Record which granted VML the right to operate the
     Gaming Assets for the duration of the Concession in exchange for annual payments of 750 patacas per square meter for
     the first three years and 2,500 patacas per square meter for the following seven years (approximately US$93 and US$311,
     respectively). In years two and three, the annual payment of 750 patacas per square meter will be adjusted based on
     Macao’s average price index for the previous year. In years five through ten, the annual payment of 2,500 patacas per
     square meter will be adjusted based on Macao’s average price index for the prior year.

     VML Capital Change
     Following the June 23, 2022 amendment to Law No. 16/2001, Macao’s Gaming Law now requires, among other things,
     that gaming concessionaires have a minimum share capital of 5.0 billion patacas and a managing director who is a
     Macao permanent resident and who must hold at least 15% of the concessionaire’s share capital. As such, on December
     7, 2022, VML completed a change in its share capital structure that increased VML’s registered share capital from 200
     million patacas to 5.0 billion patacas and increased Mr. Sun MinQi’s (Dave), our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
     Officer, shareholding in VML from 10% to 15%.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     (a) Basis of preparation
           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
           Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS
           requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the
           process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity,
           or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in
           Note 3.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial liabilities
           for cash-settled share-based awards and derivative financial instruments that are measured at fair value.




                                                             142
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (b) Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
         During the year, there have been a number of new amendments to standards in IFRSs that are effective, which the
         Group has adopted at their respective effective dates. The adoption of these new amendments to standards had
         no material impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Group.


         The Group has not early adopted the new or amendments to standards that have been issued, but are not effective
         for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Group has commenced the assessment of the impact of the new or
         amendments to standards to the Group, but is not yet in a position to state whether their adoption would have a
         significant impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Group.


     (c) Subsidiaries
         Consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
         by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company has power over the investee; is
         exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power
         to affect its returns. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group
         and are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.


         The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes
         to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


         All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between the
         members of the Group are eliminated on consolidation.


         The particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at December 31, 2022 are set out in Note 30.


     (d) Foreign currency translation
         Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s companies are measured using the currency of the
         primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The Company’s functional
         currency is Macao patacas (“MOP”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in US$, which is the
         presentation currency of LVS.


         Companies within the Group that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency translate
         their results of operations and financial position into the presentation currency based on the following:


         •     Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at balance sheet date;


         •     Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year; and


         •     Translation adjustments arising from this process are recognized in other comprehensive income/(expense)
               (currency translation differences) and will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.


         Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurements that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions
         denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in “other expenses, gains and losses”.


                                                            143
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (e) Investment properties
         Investment properties, principally comprising buildings and building improvements relating to mall operations, are
         held for long-term rental yields or capital appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. Investment
         properties currently being constructed or developed are classified as investment properties and stated at cost,
         less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently
         carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Investment properties are
         depreciated on a straight-line basis, at rates sufficient to write off their costs over their estimated useful lives of 3
         to 50 years. The residual values and useful lives of investment properties are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate
         at each balance sheet date. The effects of any revision are included in the consolidated income statement when the
         changes arise.


     (f) Property and equipment
         Property and equipment, except construction-in-progress, are stated at historical cost less accumulated
         depreciation and amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Leasehold interests in land are classified
         as leases and commence amortization from the time when the land interest becomes available for its intended use.
         Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
         which do not exceed the lease term for leasehold improvements, as follows:

         Leasehold interests in land classified as leases                                                              50 years
         Leasehold improvements                                                                 Shorter of lease term or 3 years
         Land improvements, buildings and building improvements                                                     10–50 years
         Leased buildings and equipment                                                                              Lease term
         Ferries                                                                                                       20 years
         Furniture, fittings and equipment                                                                           3–20 years
         Vehicles                                                                                                     5–6 years


         The estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategy and legal
         considerations, such as contractual life, and are periodically reviewed. Future events, such as property expansions,
         property developments, new competition or new regulations, could result in a change in the manner in which the
         Company uses certain assets requiring a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets.


         Maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the asset nor appreciably prolong its life are
         charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on disposition of property and equipment are included in the
         consolidated income statement.


         Construction-in-progress represents property and equipment under construction and is stated at cost, less
         accumulated impairment losses, if any. This includes the direct costs of purchase, construction and capitalized
         borrowing costs. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the relevant assets are completed
         and ready for their intended use, at which time they are transferred to the relevant asset category.


         The residual values and useful lives of the assets are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate at each balance sheet
         date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
         amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




                                                            144
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (f) Property and equipment (continued)
           For assets to be disposed of, the Group recognizes the asset to be sold at the lower of carrying value or fair value
           less costs of disposal. Fair value for assets to be disposed of is estimated based on comparable asset sales, solicited
           offers or a discounted cash flow model.


           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognized within “Other expenses, gains and losses” in the consolidated income statement.


     (g) Intangible assets
           Computer software
           Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use
           the specific software. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 4 years.


     (h) Impairment of non-financial assets
           Fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognized
           for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is
           the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets
           are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units or
           “CGU”).


     (i)   Financial assets
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:


           a.    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and


           b.    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.


           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income:


           a.    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                 cash flows and selling; and


           b.    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.


           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss.


           The Group’s financial assets primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents,
           trade and other receivables and derivative financial instruments.




                                                              145
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (i)   Financial assets (continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet when there is a legally
           enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the
           asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

           Interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate, except for short-term receivables where the
           recognition of interest would be immaterial.

           Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade and other receivables which are
           subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
           reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
           instrument. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the
           reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           a.    Definition of default
                 For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                 developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
                 including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

           b.    Credit-impaired financial assets
                 A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the
                 estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence of a financial asset that is credit-
                 impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                 i.     Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                 ii.    A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                 iii.   The Group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, grants to the
                        borrower a concession the lender would not otherwise consider;

                 iv.    It becomes probable the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization; or

                 v.     Observable data indicating there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows from a
                        portfolio of financial assets since the initial recognition of those assets, although the decrease cannot
                        yet be identified with the individual financial assets in the portfolio, including:

                        (i)    adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers in the portfolio; or

                        (ii)   national or local economic conditions that correlate with defaults on the assets in the portfolio.




                                                               146
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (i)   Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets (continued)
           c.    Write-off policy
                 The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating the counterparty is in severe
                 financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
                 placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still
                 be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
                 where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized
                 in profit or loss.


           d.    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
                 the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss
                 given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information.


                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows due to the Group in accordance with
                 the contract and the cash flows the Group expects to receive.


                 Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or for cases where evidence at the individual instrument level
                 may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and
                 days past due.


                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
                 share similar credit risk characteristics.


                 The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for trade and other receivables by adjusting
                 their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets
           The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the consideration was received. On derecognition of a financial
           asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
           consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.


     (j)   Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits
           Cash and cash equivalents include cash and short-term deposits with original maturities of three months or less.
           Such investments are carried at cost, which is a reasonable estimate of their fair value. Cash equivalents are placed
           with high credit quality financial institutions. Cash and cash equivalents are considered restricted when withdrawal
           or general use is legally restricted. The Group determines current or non-current classification based on the
           expected duration of the restriction. The Group’s restricted cash and cash equivalents includes amounts held in a
           separate cash deposit account as collateral for bank guarantees and other contractually reserved amounts.




                                                              147
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (k) Share capital
           Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


           Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction, net
           of tax, from the proceeds.


     (l)   Financial liabilities
           The Group’s financial liabilities consist of primarily borrowings and trade and other payables, are initially measured
           at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method. The Group’s
           financial liabilities also may include derivative financial instruments (if any) which are measured at fair value.


           Derecognition/substantial modification of financial liabilities
           The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled
           or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the
           consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.


           When the contractual terms of financial liability are modified such that the revised terms would result in a
           substantial modification from the original terms, after taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
           including qualitative factors, such modification is accounted for as derecognition of the original financial liability
           and the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
           derecognized and the fair value of consideration paid or payable, including any liabilities assumed and derivative
           components, is recognized in profit or loss.


           Non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities
           For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
           of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
           discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted
           to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the remaining term. Any
           adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.


     (m) Trade payables
           Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services acquired in the ordinary course of business from
           suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the
           normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


           Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
           interest method.




                                                               148
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (n) Borrowings and financing costs
         Borrowings are recognized initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
         stated at amortized cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
         is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
         method.

         Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent it is
         probable some or all of the facilities will be drawn. In this case, the fee is deferred until the drawdown occurs. To
         the extent there is no evidence it is probable some or all of the facilities will be drawn, the fee is capitalized as a pre-
         payment for liquidity services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

         Financing costs incurred for the construction of any qualifying asset which takes a substantial period of time to
         get ready for its intended use, less any investment income on the temporary investment of related borrowings, are
         capitalized during the period that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. Other financing
         costs, net of interest income, are expensed.

         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
         liability for at least twelve months after the balance sheet date.


     (o) Current and deferred income tax and gaming tax
         Income tax
         Income tax expense is comprised of current and deferred tax.

         (i)    Current income tax
                Current income tax is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
                sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
                Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which the
                applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis
                of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

         (ii)   Deferred income tax
                Deferred income tax is recognized for temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
                liabilities and their carrying values in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income tax is not
                accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or a liability in a transaction other than a business
                combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
                Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
                sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred
                income tax liability is settled.

                Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent it is probable future taxable profit will be
                available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

                Deferred income tax is provided for temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, except
                when the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled by the Group and it is probable
                the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.



                                                              149
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (o) Current and deferred income tax and gaming tax (continued)
         Income tax (continued)
         (iii)   Offsetting
                 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                 tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to
                 income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities
                 where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

         Gaming tax
         According to the gaming subconcession granted by the Macao government and the relevant legislation, the Group
         is required to pay 35% gaming tax on gross gaming revenue, which represents net wins from casino operations.
         The Group is also required to pay an additional 4% of gross gaming revenue as public development and social
         related contributions. Effective January 1, 2023, this special levy was increased to 5% pursuant to the Concession
         and Gaming Law, which may be reduced or exempted by the Chief Executive when the concessionaire has
         successfully expanded to foreign tourist source markets in accordance with the Gaming Law.


         On a monthly basis, the Group also makes certain variable and fixed payments to the Macao government based on
         the number of slot machines and table games in its possession. These expenses are reported as “Gaming tax” in
         the consolidated income statement.


     (p) Employee benefits
         (i)     Pension obligations
                 The Group operates the Private Provident Fund Scheme and Non-Mandatory Central Provident Fund
                 Scheme (collectively, the “Schemes”) through its subsidiaries in Macao. The Schemes are managed by fund
                 management entities and are defined contribution plans. The Group has no further payment obligations once
                 the contributions have been paid to the Schemes managed by fund management entities. The contributions
                 are recognized as employee benefit expenses when they are due and are reduced by contributions forfeited
                 by those employees who leave the scheme prior to the contributions being fully vested. Prepaid contributions
                 are recognized as an asset to the extent a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


         (ii)    Share-based compensation
                 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                 Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the
                 award, and is recognized over the employee’s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the
                 equity grant). When the options of the 2009 Equity Award Plan and 2019 Equity Award Plan are exercised,
                 the Company issues new shares. The cash subscribed for the shares issued when the options are exercised is
                 credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium, net of any directly attributable transaction costs.
                 At the time when the options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share-based compensation
                 reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still
                 not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share-based compensation reserve will
                 be transferred to retained earnings/(accumulated losses).




                                                             150
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (p) Employee benefits (continued)
         (ii)   Share-based compensation (continued)
                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (continued)
                The Group recognizes the impact of revisions to the original estimates, if any, in the consolidated income
                statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


                Share-based compensation expense arising from the granting of share options and restricted share units by
                LVS to the employees of the Group, to the extent of services rendered to the Group, is deemed to have been
                allocated to the Group as an expense with the corresponding increase in the share-based compensation
                reserve under equity in the relevant companies comprising the Group.

                Cash-settled share-based payment transactions of the Company
                For cash-settled share-based payments, a financial liability is recognized for the employee services acquired,
                measured initially at the fair value of the liability. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is
                settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair
                value recognized in profit or loss for the year.

         (iii) Annual leave and other paid leave
                Employee entitlement to annual leave is recognized when it accrues to employees. A provision is made for
                the estimated liability for annual leave available and not utilized as a result of services rendered by employees
                during the year. Employee entitlement to maternity leave is not recognized until the time of leave. Unused
                sick leave is accrued on a monthly basis.

         (iv) Termination benefits
                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement
                date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group
                recognizes termination benefits at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of the
                termination benefits and when it recognizes any related restructuring costs. In the case of an offer made to
                encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
                expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than twelve months after the balance sheet date are
                discounted to their present value.

         (v)    Bonus plans
                The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses where contractually obliged or where there is a
                past practice that has created a constructive obligation.


     (q) Contingent liabilities
         A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed
         by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the
         Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognized because it is not probable
         an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably.

         A contingent liability is not recognized but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements unless
         the probability of outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote. When a change in the probability
         of an outflow occurs so the outflow is probable, it will then be recognized as a provision.



                                                            151
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (r) Revenue recognition
        Revenue from contracts with customers primarily consists of casino wagers, room sales, food and beverage
        transactions, rental income from the Company’s mall tenants, convention sales and entertainment and ferry ticket
        sales. These contracts can be written, oral or implied by customary business practices.


        Gross casino revenue is the aggregate of gaming wins and losses. The commissions rebated to gaming promoters
        and premium players for rolling play, cash discounts and other cash incentives to patrons related to gaming play
        are recorded as a reduction to gross casino revenue. Gaming contracts include a performance obligation to honor
        the patron’s wager and typically include a performance obligation to provide a product or service to the patron on
        a complimentary basis to incentivize gaming or in exchange for points earned under the Group’s loyalty programs.


        For wagering contracts that include complimentary products and services provided by the Group to incentivize
        gaming, the Group allocates the relative stand-alone selling price of each product and service to the respective
        revenue type. Complimentary products or services provided under the Group’s control and discretion, which are
        supplied by third parties, are recorded as an operating expense.


        For wagering contracts that include products and services provided to a patron in exchange for points earned
        under the Group’s loyalty programs, the Group allocates the estimated fair value of the points earned to the loyalty
        program liability. The loyalty program liability is a deferral of revenue until redemption occurs. Upon redemption
        of loyalty program points for Group-owned products and services, the stand-alone selling price of each product
        or service is allocated to the respective revenue type. For redemptions of points with third parties, the redemption
        amount is deducted from the loyalty program liability and paid directly to the third party. Any discounts received by
        the Group from the third party in connection with this transaction are recorded to other revenue.


        After allocation to the other revenue types for products and services provided to patrons as part of a wagering
        contract, the residual amount is recorded to casino revenue as soon as the wager is settled. As all wagers have
        similar characteristics, the Group accounts for its gaming contracts collectively on a portfolio basis versus an
        individual basis.


        Hotel revenue recognition criteria are met at the time of occupancy. Food and beverage revenue recognition
        criteria are met at the time of service. Convention revenues are recognized when the related service is rendered
        or the event is held. Deposits for future hotel occupancy, convention space or food and beverage services
        contracts are recorded as deferred revenue until the revenue recognition criteria are met. Cancellation fees for
        convention contracts are recognized upon cancellation by the customer and are included in other revenues. Ferry
        and entertainment revenue recognition criteria are met at the completion of the ferry trip or event, respectively.
        Revenue from contracts with a combination of these services is allocated pro rata based on each service’s relative
        stand-alone selling price.


        The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from mall tenant operating leases is described in the
        accounting policy for leases/right-of-use below.




                                                          152
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (s) Pre-opening expenses
         Pre-opening expenses represent personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new properties and are
         expensed as incurred.


     (t) Leases/right-of-use
         As the lessee for leases
         The Group leases various land, real estate, vehicles, and equipment. The Group determines if a contract is or
         contains a lease at the inception or modification of a contract. A contract is, or contains a lease if the contract
         conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control
         over the use of the identified asset means the lessee has both (a) the right to obtain substantially all of the economic
         benefits from the use of the asset and (b) the right to direct the use of the asset.


         The Group’s lease arrangements have lease and non-lease components. The Group applies the practical expedient
         to account for the lease components and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all
         classes of underlying assets.


         The Group applies the recognition exemption for leases with an expected term of 12 months or less and leases
         of low-value assets. These leases are not accounted for on the balance sheet and the related lease expense is
         recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term.


         The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of fixed lease payments over the expected lease term at
         commencement date. As the implicit rate is not determinable in most of the Group’s leases, management uses the
         incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
         value of future payments. The expected lease terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain
         the Group will exercise such extension option or to terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain the Group will
         not exercise such termination option.


         Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability
         and the right-of-use asset. The related payments are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or
         condition that triggers those payments occurs.


         Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
         the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
         each period.


         The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
         with adjustments, if any, at commencement date, any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
         less any lease incentives received, any initial indirect costs, and restoration costs. Right-of-use assets are generally
         depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. It is subsequently
         measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for certain remeasurements
         of the lease liabilities.




                                                            153
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (t) Leases/right-of-use (continued)
         As the lessee for leases (continued)
         In the consolidated balance sheet, the Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of
         “investment property” in “property and equipment” and lease liabilities are presented within “borrowings”. Right-
         of-use assets that meet the definition of “investment property” are presented within “investment properties”.
         Right-of-use assets are included within the same category under “property and equipment”, which the
         corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.


         In the consolidated statement of cash flows, lease payments and any associated interest paid are presented under
         cash flows from financing activities except for leases with an expected term of 12 months or less and leases of low-
         value assets which are presented under cash flows from operating activities.

         As the lessor/grantor for leases/right-of-use
         The Group leases space at several of its integrated resorts to various third parties as part of its mall operations, as
         well as retail and office space.


         Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as a finance or operating lease. Whenever the terms of the
         lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
         lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases. Leases, in which the Group is the lessor, are substantially
         all accounted for as operating leases and the lease components and non-lease components are accounted for
         separately.


         When assets are leased/granted out under an agreement for the right-of-use, the asset is included in the
         consolidated balance sheet based on the nature of the asset. Lease rental/income from right-of-use (net of any
         incentives given to tenants or to retailers) is recognized over the terms of the lease/right-of-use on a straight-line
         basis. As such, deferred rent is recognized as a result of a timing difference of revenue recognition over the lease
         term compared to the billing amount. Turnover fees arising under operating leases/right-of-use are recognized as
         income in the period in which they are earned.


         When the legal system in which the Group operates contains a legal provision governing the change in
         circumstances which adversely impacts the performance of the lessee or the lessor due to a force majeure event,
         or a lease contract contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that
         the underlying assets (or any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the
         lessee so as to render the underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension
         of rent resulting from the relevant legal provision or the specific clause is accounted for as part of the original lease
         and not as a lease modification. The Group recognizes such rent reduction or suspension of rent in profit or loss in
         the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.




                                                             154
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     (u) Provisions
           Provisions are recognized when (i) the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events;
           it is probable an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and (ii) the amount has been reliably
           estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.


           Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure to be required to
           settle the present obligation at the reporting date. The pre-tax discount rate used to determine the present value
           reflects current market assessments of the value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the
           provision due to the passage of time is recognized as interest expense.


     (v) Fair Value Measurements
           Under IFRS 13 Fair value measurement (“IFRS 13”), fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would
           be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as
           of the measurement date. IFRS 13 also establishes a valuation hierarchy for inputs in measuring fair value that
           maximizes the use of observable inputs (inputs market participants would use based on market data obtained from
           sources independent of the Group) and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs (inputs that reflect the Group’s
           assumptions based upon the best information available in the circumstances) by requiring the most observable
           inputs be used when available. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
           or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for
           identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs (other than quoted prices) that are
           observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the
           assets or liabilities. Categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to
           the fair value measurement.


3.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
     Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
     definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
     potentially causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year
     are addressed below.


     (a) Provision of expected credit loss for trade receivables
           The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses, using a lifetime expected loss
           allowance for all trade and other receivables. The Group determines the allowance based on specific customer
           information, historical write-off experience, current industry and economic data, which includes the impact of the
           COVID-19 Pandemic, and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast
           of future conditions. A provision of expected credit loss for trade receivables is recorded when the Group believes
           it is probable the recoverable amount of the receivables will be less than their carrying amounts. Account balances
           are written off against the allowance when the Group considers the receivables to be uncollectible.




                                                              155
                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)
     (a) Provision of expected credit loss for trade receivables (continued)
         Management believes there are no concentrations of credit risk for which an allowance has not been established.
         Although management believes the allowance is adequate, it is possible the estimated amount of cash collections
         with respect to trade receivables could change.


     (b) Useful lives of investment properties and property and equipment
         The Group depreciates investment properties and property and equipment on a straight-line basis over their
         estimated useful lives with no residual value assumed. The estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the
         assets, as well as current operating strategy and legal considerations, such as contractual life. Future events, such
         as property expansions, property developments, new competition or new regulations, could result in a change in
         the manner in which the Group uses certain assets and could have an impact on the estimated useful lives of such
         assets.


     (c) Impairment of non-financial assets
         The Group follows the guidance of IAS 36 Impairment of Assets to determine when assets are impaired, which
         requires significant judgment. In making this judgment, the Group evaluates, among other factors, the duration
         and extent to which the recoverable amount of assets is less than their carrying balance, including factors such as
         the industry performance and changes in operational cash flows. When required, the recoverable amount of the
         CGU would be determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates,
         including operating results, income and expenses of the business, successful renewal of gaming concession, long-
         term growth rates, macroeconomic factors, regulatory environments, future returns and discount rate. Changes in
         the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount of the assets is based could significantly affect the Group’s
         financial position and results of operations.


         During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s cash flow generation continued to be impacted by the
         COVID-19 Pandemic. As such, the Group performed an impairment assessment and no impairment resulted in
         2022 (2021: same).


     (d) Litigation provisions
         The Group is subject to various claims and legal actions. The accruals for these claims and legal actions are
         estimated in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. Based on
         consultations with legal counsel, management estimated no significant loss would be incurred beyond the amounts
         provided. Actual results could differ from these estimates.




                                                           156
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by a group of senior management
     which is the chief operating decision maker of the Group that makes strategic decisions. The Group considers the
     business from a property and service perspective.


     The Group’s principal operating and developmental activities occur in Macao, which is the sole geographic area in which
     the Group is domiciled. The Group reviews the results of operations for each of its key operating segments, which are
     also the reportable segments: The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
     Sands Macao. The Group has included ferry and other operations (comprised primarily of the Group’s ferry operations
     and various other operations that are ancillary to its properties) to reconcile to consolidated income statement and
     consolidated balance sheet.


     The Venetian Macao, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Sands Macao derive their
     revenues primarily from casino wagers, room sales, rental income from the Group’s mall tenants, food and beverage
     transactions, convention sales and entertainment. Ferry and other operations mainly derive their revenues from the sale
     of transportation services.




                                                           157
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Revenue disaggregated by type of revenue and property is as follows:

                                                                                                                  Convention,
                                                                                                      Food and     ferry, retail     Total net
                                                          Casino          Rooms        Mall(ii),(iii) beverage       and other       revenues
                                                                                         US$ in millions
        Year ended December 31, 2022
        The Venetian Macao                                    438             55            155              17               17            682
        The Londoner Macao                                    194             61             47              26               22            350
        The Parisian Macao                                    116             33             25              10                4            188
        The Plaza Macao                                       146             29            127              10                1            313
        Sands Macao                                            53              6              1               4                1             65
        Ferry and other operations                             —              —              —               —                21             21
        Inter-segment revenues(i)                              —              —              (1)             —               (13)           (14)

                                                              947             184           354              67              53           1,605


        Year ended December 31, 2021
        The Venetian Macao                                    944             77            195              24               16          1,256
        The Londoner Macao                                    396             90             56              30               16            588
        The Parisian Macao                                    244             54             39              17                3            357
        The Plaza Macao                                       298             45            184              17                2            546
        Sands Macao                                           105             10               1              5                1            122
        Ferry and other operations                             —              —              —               —                20              20
        Inter-segment revenues(i)                              —              —               (2)            —               (13)            (15)

                                                            1,987             276           473              93              45           2,874


     (i)     Inter-segment revenues are charged at prevailing market rates.


     (ii)    Of this amount, US$296 million and US$58 million (2021: US$410 million and US$63 million) were related to income from right-of-use
             and management fee and other, respectively. Income from right-of-use is recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases and all other
             revenues are recognized in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers.


     (iii)   For the year ended December 31, 2022, rent concessions of US$70 million (2021: US$41 million) were provided to tenants as a result of
             the COVID-19 Pandemic and the impact on mall operations.




                                                                      158
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     The following is a reconciliation of adjusted property EBITDA to loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the
     Company:

                                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                                     Notes                        US$ in millions
        Adjusted property EBITDA (Unaudited)                (i)

        The Venetian Macao                                                                                            (25)                       297
        The Londoner Macao                                                                                           (189)                        (84)
        The Parisian Macao                                                                                           (103)                        (17)
        The Plaza Macao                                                                                                81                        219
        Sands Macao                                                                                                   (81)                        (69)
        Ferry and other operations                                                                                     (6)                          (5)

        Total adjusted property EBITDA                                                                               (323)                        341
        Share-based compensation, net of amount capitalized(ii)                                                       (35)                         (10)
        Corporate expense(iii)                                                         (a)                            (55)                         (68)
        Pre-opening expense                                                            (b)                              1                          (11)
        Depreciation and amortization                                                                                (750)                       (733)
        Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                                             4                          (38)
        Fair value (loss)/gain on derivative financial instruments                                                     (1)                           1
        Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
          investment properties and intangible assets                                                                   (4)                       (19)

        Operating loss                                                                                             (1,163)                       (537)
        Interest income                                                                                                19                           2
        Finance costs, net of amounts capitalized                                                                    (444)                       (373)
        Loss on early retirement of debt                                                                               —                         (137)

        Loss before income tax                                                                                     (1,588)                    (1,045)
        Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                    6                          (3)

        Loss for the year attributable to equity holders of
          the Company                                                                                              (1,582)                    (1,048)

     (i)     Adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Company before
             share-based compensation, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange gains or losses,
             impairment loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible
             assets, interest, gain or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative financial instruments and
             income tax benefit or expense. Management utilizes adjusted property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with
             those of its competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated resort companies have historically
             reported adjusted property EBITDA as a supplemental performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of
             their properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including the Group, have historically excluded certain expenses
             that do not relate to the management of specific properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted
             property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property EBITDA should not be interpreted as an alternative to profit or operating profit (as an
             indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance
             with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal
             repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in adjusted property EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted property EBITDA
             in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as presented by the Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly
             titled measures presented by other companies.

     (ii)    Includes equity-settled share-based payment expense, net of amount capitalized of US$5 million and cash-settled share-based payment
             expense, net of amount capitalized of US$30 million (2021: US$5 million and US$5 million).

     (iii)   The amount excludes share-based payment expense of US$5 million (2021: US$1 million).



                                                                        159
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (a) Corporate expense

                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                            2022              2021
                                                            Note            US$ in millions
         Royalty fees                                      26(a)(v)          22                42
         Management fees                                                      9                 4
         Employee benefit expenses                                            8                11
         Other support services                                              10                 4
         Other expenses                                                       6                 7

                                                                             55                68


     (b) Pre-opening expense

                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                            US$ in millions
         Employee benefit expenses                                            —                 5
         Advertising and promotions                                           (1)               2
         Contract labor and services                                          —                 1
         Utilities and operating supplies                                     —                 1
         Other expenses                                                       —                 2

                                                                              (1)              11




                                                   160
                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                     US$ in millions
      Depreciation and amortization
      The Venetian Macao                                                             180                191
      The Londoner Macao                                                             322                273
      The Parisian Macao                                                             128                145
      The Plaza Macao                                                                 86                 84
      Sands Macao                                                                     21                 24
      Ferry and other operations                                                      13                 16

                                                                                     750                733


                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                     US$ in millions
      Capital expenditures
      The Venetian Macao                                                              52                 71
      The Londoner Macao                                                             173                538
      The Parisian Macao                                                               3                  4
      The Plaza Macao                                                                  9                 19
      Sands Macao                                                                      4                  7
      Ferry and other operations                                                      —                   1

                                                                                     241                640


                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                    US$ in millions
      Total assets
      The Venetian Macao                                                            2,127              2,079
      The Londoner Macao                                                            4,512              4,519
      The Parisian Macao                                                            1,846              1,981
      The Plaza Macao                                                               1,035              1,161
      Sands Macao                                                                     207                252
      Ferry and other operations                                                      835                102

                                                                                   10,562             10,094


     Almost all of the non-current assets of the Group are located in Macao.




                                                           161
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                                          US$ in millions
       Wages, salaries, bonus and termination costs                                                           895                       930
       Staff meals                                                                                             39                        45
       Pension costs — defined contribution plan                                                               35                        36
       Share-based compensation, net of amount capitalized(i)                                                  35                        10
       Other employee benefit expenses                                                                         28                        28

                                                                                                            1,032                     1,049


     (i)   Share-based compensation capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$1 million (2021: less than US$1 million). For
           further information related to the Company’s equity award plan and LVS’ equity award plan, see Note 27 to the consolidated financial
           statements.


     (a) Directors’ emoluments

                                                                                                                  Estimated
                                                                                                                  monetary
                                                                Salaries                                            value of
                                                             and other Discretionary      Pension                      other
                                                       Fees allowances     bonuses (i)
                                                                                             costs                benefits(ii)         Total
                                                                                US$ in thousands
            Year ended December 31, 2022

            Executive Directors
              Robert Glen Goldstein(iii)                  —              —                —              —                —               —
              Wong Ying Wai                               —           3,001            1,501            150            4,577           9,229
              Chum Kwan Lock, Grant(iv)                   —           3,124            1,801             90            3,871           8,886

            Non-Executive Director
              Charles Daniel Forman                     200              —                —               —                —             200

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
              Chiang Yun                                230              —                —               —                —             230
              Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                230              —                —               —                —             230
              Steven Zygmunt Strasser                   230              —                —               —                —             230
              Kenneth Patrick Chung                     200              —                —               —                —             200

                                                      1,090          6,125             3,302            240            8,448         19,205




                                                                   162
                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)

                                                                                                                     Estimated
                                                                                                                     monetary
                                                                      Salaries                                         value of
                                                                   and other     Discretionary       Pension              other
                                                         Fees     allowances         bonuses(i)        costs         benefits(ii)         Total
                                                                                          US$ in thousands
            Year ended December 31, 2021

            Executive Directors
              Sheldon Gary Adelson(v)                      —              —                —               —                 —              —
              Robert Glen Goldstein(iii)                   —              —                —               —                 —              —
              Wong Ying Wai                                —           3,000              750             150             1,020          4,920
              Chum Kwan Lock, Grant(iv)                    —           2,732              885              87             1,163          4,867

            Non-Executive Director
              Charles Daniel Forman                      200               —                —               —                 —             200

            Independent Non-Executive Directors
              Chiang Yun                                 221               —                —               —                 —             221
              Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                 230               —                —               —                 —             230
              Steven Zygmunt Strasser                    230               —                —               —                 —             230
              Kenneth Patrick Chung                      200               —                —               —                 —             200

                                                       1,081           5,732            1,635             237            2,183          10,868


         (i)     The discretionary bonuses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were in relation to services in the respective years,
                 and were determined by reference to the individual performance of the Directors and the Chief Executives and the Group’s
                 performance, and approved by the Remuneration Committee.


         (ii)    Other benefits mainly include the share options and restricted share units under the Equity Award Plan, accommodation, meals,
                 home visit travel costs and medical insurance. The value of the share options and restricted share units granted to the Directors
                 represents the amount recognized as an expense during the year in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment.


         (iii)   Robert Glen Goldstein was appointed as the Acting Chairman, Acting Chief Executive Officer, the Acting Chairman of the
                 Nomination Committee, and was re-designated as an Executive Director of the Company, in each case, with effect from January 7,
                 2021. Subsequently he was appointed as the Executive Director of the Company, as the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
                 Officer and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company, in each case, with effect from January 27, 2021.


         (iv)    Chum Kwan Lock, Grant was appointed as the Executive Director of the Company with effect from January 7, 2021.


         (v)     Sheldon Gary Adelson took a medical leave of absence from his positions as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and the
                 Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company and was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director of the Company, in
                 each case, with effect from January 7, 2021. Mr. Adelson passed away in the United States on January 11, 2021.




                                                                    163
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)
         The Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
         the Group. The Non-Executive Directors’ and Independent Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments were for their
         services as directors of the Company.


         In addition to the Directors’ emoluments disclosed above, Robert Glen Goldstein received compensation (inclusive
         of share-based compensation) from LVS in respect of his services to LVS and its subsidiaries (including the Group).
         During the year ended December 31, 2022, US$3 million (2021: US$1 million) was charged by LVS to the Group in
         respect of such management and administrative services of Robert Glen Goldstein provided to the Group.


         No emoluments were paid to any Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
         for loss of office during the year (2021: nil).


         With the exception of the continuing connected transactions disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report of the Company,
         none of the Directors has any material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts entered into by the
         Company or the LVS Group.


         None of the Directors waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2021: nil).


     (b) Five highest paid individuals
         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include two Directors (2021: two) whose
         emoluments were reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments of the remaining three individuals
         (2021: three) during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                                         US$ in thousands
            Basic salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 4,737                     4,874
            Discretionary bonus(i)                                                                          3,602                     1,347
            Share-based compensation(ii)                                                                    5,485                     1,415
            Pension costs                                                                                     148                       132

                                                                                                           13,972                     7,768


         (i)    The discretionary bonuses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were in relation to services in the respective years.


         (ii)   The value of share options and restricted share units granted to the individuals represents the amount recognized as an expense
                during the year in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment.




                                                                  164
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS)
     (CONTINUED)
     (b) Five highest paid individuals (continued)
         The emoluments of the above mentioned individuals fall within the following bands:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2022              2021
          Range in HK$                        Range in US$ equivalent                  Number of individuals
          18,500,001–19,000,000               2,373,000–2,437,000                              —                    1
          19,500,001–20,000,000               2,501,000–2,565,000                              —                    1
          22,000,001–22,500,000               2,822,000–2,886,000                              —                    1
          27,000,001–27,500,000               3,463,000–3,527,000                              1                    —
          40,500,001–41,000,000               5,195,000–5,259,000                              2                    —

                                                                                                3                    3


         No emoluments were paid to any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
         Group or as compensation for loss of office for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: nil).




                                                         165
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6.   OTHER EXPENSES, GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                    Notes                       US$ in millions
        Utilities and operating supplies                                                                            134                        144
        Repairs and maintenance                                                                                      60                         64
        Contract labor and services                                                                                  59                         70
        Advertising and promotions                                                                                   24                         42
        Royalty fees(i)                                                                                              23                         43
        Management fees(ii)                                                                                          19                         19
        Provision for expected credit losses, net                                                                     4                          3
        Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                        2                          2
        Lease payments exempted from recognition                                    13(c)                             2                          1
        Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                                                          (4)                        38
        Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
          investment properties and intangible assets(iii)                                                             4                        19
        Fair value loss/(gain) on derivative financial instruments                    23                               1                         (1)
        Other support services                                                                                        64                        62
        Other operating expenses                                                                                      53                        72

                                                                                                                    445                        578

     (i)     Total royalty fee for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes US$1 million charged by third parties and US$22 million charged by a
             related party (2021: US$1 million and US$42 million, respectively). Refer to Note 26(a)(v) for further information related to the royalty
             charged by a related party.

     (ii)    Total management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes US$2 million charged by third parties and US$17 million charged
             by related parties, net of amounts capitalized (2021: US$3 million and US$16 million respectively). Refer to Note 26(a)(ii) for further
             information.

     (iii)   Loss on disposal of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes
             demolition cost of US$2 million (2021: US$11 million).


7.   FINANCE COSTS, NET OF AMOUNTS CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                    Note                        US$ in millions
        Interest costs
           Senior Notes                                                                                             326                        331
           Bank borrowings                                                                                           51                         12
           LVS Term Loan                                                          26(a)(iii)                         28                         —
           Lease liabilities                                                                                          8                          8
        Amortization of deferred financing costs                                                                     24                         23
        Standby fee and other financing costs                                                                         9                         13

                                                                                                                    446                        387
        Less: interest capitalized                                                                                   (2)                        (14)

                                                                                                                    444                        373

     A capitalization rate of 4.4% to 5.6% (2021: 4.5% to 5.1%) was used, representing the effective finance costs of the
     loans to finance the assets under construction.




                                                                       166
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.   INCOME TAX (BENEFIT)/EXPENSE
                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                             US$ in millions
      Current income tax
        Lump sum in lieu of Macao complementary tax on dividends                                  2                    5
        Other overseas taxes                                                                      1                    —

      Deferred income tax benefit                                                                (9)                    (2)

                                                                                                 (6)                    3


     Deferred income tax benefit was US$9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to deferred income tax
     benefit of US$2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The deferred income tax benefit in 2022 was primarily
     due to the reversal of deferred tax liabilities related to accelerated tax depreciation allowance (2021: same).


     (a) Macao complementary tax
          Macao complementary tax is levied at progressive rates ranging from 3% to 9% on the taxable income above
          32,000 patacas (equivalent to US$4,000) but below 300,000 patacas (equivalent to US$37,500), and thereafter at
          a fixed rate of 12%. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a special complementary tax incentive was provided to
          the effect that the tax free income threshold was increased from 32,000 patacas to 600,000 patacas (equivalent to
          US$4,000 to US$75,000) with the profit above 600,000 patacas (equivalent to US$75,000) being taxed at a fixed
          rate of 12% (2021: same).


          Pursuant to the Dispatch No. 194/2018 issued by the Chief Executive of Macao on August 20, 2018, VML was
          granted an extension of the tax exemption regarding Macao complementary tax on its gaming activities effective
          from the tax year 2019 through June 26, 2022. In July 2022, VML requested an additional extension of the
          tax exemption through December 31, 2022, to correspond to the extended term of its gaming Subconcession.
          Pursuant to the Dispatch No. 178/2022 issued by the Chief Executive of Macao on September 1, 2022, VML was
          granted an additional extension of the tax exemption effective from June 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022.


          Additionally, subsequent to being awarded the new gaming concession, in December 2022, VML submitted an
          application for the tax exemption regarding Macao complementary tax on its gaming activities for the new gaming
          concession period effective from the tax year 2023 to the tax year 2032, or for a period of tax exemption that the
          Chief Executive of Macao may deem more appropriate. However, there is no assurance VML will receive the tax
          exemption.


     (b) Lump sum in lieu of Macao complementary tax on dividends
          In April 2019, VML entered into a renewed Shareholder Dividend Tax Agreement with the Macao government,
          effective through June 26, 2022. The agreement provided for payments in lieu of Macao complementary tax
          otherwise due by VML’s shareholders on dividend distributions to them from gaming profits; namely an annual
          payment of 38 million patacas (equivalent to US$5 million) for 2021 and 2020, each payment made on or before
          January 31 of the following year, and a payment of 18 million patacas (equivalent to US$2 million) for the period
          between January 1, 2022 through June 26, 2022, paid on or before July 26, 2022. The Group is evaluating the
          timing of an application of a new shareholder dividend tax agreement.



                                                          167
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.   INCOME TAX (BENEFIT)/EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
     (c) Hong Kong profits tax
         The Company’s subsidiaries that carry on business in Hong Kong are subject to the Hong Kong profits tax at the
         maximum rate of 16.5% for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: same).


     (d) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting loss at applicable tax
         rates
         The tax on the Group’s loss before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
         domestic tax rates applicable to the consolidated entities in the respective jurisdictions as follows:

                                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                                              US$ in millions
            Loss before income tax                                                                             (1,588)                    (1,045)

            Tax calculated at domestic rates applicable
              in the respective jurisdictions                                                                    (189)                       (121)
            Tax effects of:
            Income not subject to tax(i)                                                                         (231)                       (365)
            Expenses not deductible for tax purposes(i), (ii)                                                     265                         332
            Amortization of pre-opening expenses previously not recognized                                         (1)                          (2)
            Origination and reversal of temporary difference, net                                                  (1)                         —
            Tax losses for which no deferred income tax assets were recognized                                    149                         154
            Lump sum in lieu of Macao complementary tax of dividends                                                2                            5

            Income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                            (6)                          3


         (i)    During the year ended December 31, 2022, VML was exempt from Macao complementary tax on its gaming activities (see also
                Note 8(a)). In addition, lease/right-of-use income recorded in VML, VCL and VOL were subject to property tax (Note (ii)), and should,
                therefore, also be excluded from Macao complementary tax calculations. Accordingly, casino revenues and lease/right-of-use
                income and their corresponding expenses incurred were presented as “Income not subject to tax” and “Expenses not deductible
                for tax purposes”, respectively, in the calculations above (2021: same).


         (ii)   Lease/right-of-use income recorded in VML, VCL and VOL are exempt from property tax for the first four and six years for the
                newly constructed buildings in Macao and on Cotai, respectively, pursuant to Article 9(1)(a) of Lei no. 19/78/M. If the buildings
                in Macao and on Cotai also qualify for Tourism Utility Status, the property tax exemption can be extended by another four and
                six years, respectively, pursuant to Article 15(a) of Lei no. 81/89/M. The exemption for Sands Macao expired in August 2012, for
                The Venetian Macao in August 2019, with exception of its casino area which expired in August 2013, and for The Plaza Macao in
                August 2020. The exemptions for The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons will be expiring
                in December 2027, September 2028 and October 2032, respectively.




                                                                    168
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




9.   LOSS PER SHARE
     The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share are set out in the following:

                                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                2022              2021
        Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$ in millions)                                  (1,582)             (1,048)

        Weighted average number of shares for basic loss per share
          (thousand shares)                                                                                8,093,189          8,092,597
        Adjustment for share options (thousand shares)(i)                                                         —                  —

        Weighted average number of shares for diluted loss per share
         (thousand shares)                                                                                 8,093,189          8,092,597


                                                                                                     (US19.55 cents)     (US12.95 cents)
        Loss per share, basic(ii)

                                                                                                   (HK152.42 cents)     (HK101.00 cents)


                                                                                                     (US19.55 cents)     (US12.95 cents)
        Loss per share, diluted(ii)

                                                                                                   (HK152.42 cents)     (HK101.00 cents)


     (i)     The computation of the diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 did not assume the exercise of the
             Company’s share options because the exercise would result in a decrease in loss per share.


     (ii)    The translation of US$ amounts into HK$ amounts has been made at the exchange rate on December 31, 2022 of US$1.00 to HK$7.7962
             (2021: US$1.00 to HK$7.7994).


10. DIVIDENDS
     The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2021.


     The Board did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend in respect of the six months ended June 30, 2022.


     The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                       169
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, NET
                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                                 US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1                                                                                 1,130                     990
    Additions                                                                                       11                      20
    Disposals                                                                                       (1)                      (3)
    Transfers from property and equipment                                                            3                     129
    Exchange difference                                                                              1                       (6)

    At December 31                                                                               1,144                  1,130


    Accumulated depreciation
    At January 1                                                                                  (493)                   (447)
    Depreciation                                                                                   (53)                    (52)
    Disposals                                                                                        1                       3
    Exchange difference                                                                             (1)                      3

    At December 31                                                                                (546)                   (493)

    Carrying amount
    At December 31                                                                                 598                     637


   (a) Measuring investment property at fair value

        The Group engaged an independent professional valuer, Knight Frank Petty Limited, to perform the valuation of
        the Group’s investment properties, which are located in Macao, on an annual basis. Knight Frank Petty Limited
        is a professionally qualified independent external valuer, and had appropriate recent experience in the relevant
        location and category of the properties being valued. In determining the fair value of the investment properties,
        the valuer uses assumptions and estimates that reflect, amongst other factors, comparable market transactions in
        an active market, lease/right-of-use income from current leases/right-of-use and assumptions about lease/right-of-
        use income from future leases/rights-of-use in light of current market conditions, capitalization rates, terminal yield
        and reversionary income potential. Valuations were based on income and an open market value approach for all
        completed properties as follows:

                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                                 US$ in millions
         Fair value of the investment properties                                                 7,980                  7,999


        In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use. The fair
        value estimate of the Group’s investment properties is a Level 3 input.




                                                           170
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, NET (CONTINUED)
   (b) Amounts recognized in profit or loss for investment properties
                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                          US$ in millions
        Mall income                                                                          354                   473


        Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that
          generate right-of-use income                                                        35                    34


        Direct operating expenses that did not generate right-of-use
          income                                                                              11                    11


       During the year ended December 31, 2022, mall income in the table above included turnover fees, representing
       variable lease income of US$27 million (2021: US$90 million) and rent concessions of US$70 million granted to mall
       tenants (2021: US$41 million) as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic.


   (c) Leasing arrangements
       The investment properties are leased to mall tenants under operating leases with rentals payable on a monthly
       basis. Lease payments in the mall leasing contracts include variable lease payments that depend on turnover of the
       retail store. Where necessary to reduce credit risk, the Group may obtain bank guarantees for the term of a lease
       or cash security deposit at the commencement of a lease. There is no residual value guarantee for our current mall
       leases.


       The future aggregate minimum lease/base fee receivables under non-cancelable agreements are as follows:

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                           2022                  2021
                                                                                           US$ in millions
        No later than 1 year                                                                 295                   300
        1 to 2 years                                                                         262                   229
        2 to 3 years                                                                         196                   174
        3 to 4 years                                                                         161                   117
        4 to 5 years                                                                         145                   105
        Later than 5 years                                                                   319                   308

                                                                                           1,378                 1,233




                                                       171
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
  The movements of property and equipment for the year are as follows:

                                   Leasehold                         Buildings                                                  Furniture,
                                    interests           Land      and building        Leasehold                                 fittings &    Construction-
                                      in land   improvements    improvements      improvements          Vehicles     Ferries   equipment        in-progress      Total
                                                                                                   US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1, 2021                   674             372            9,890                7                 66       252         2,235               774     14,270
    Additions                             —               —                  2               —                  2        —             27               485        516
    Adjustments to project costs          —               —                 (9)              —                 (2)       —              (8)              —         (19)
    Disposals                             —               —               (44)               —                 —         —            (35)               (4)       (83)
    Transfers(i)                          —               —               859                —                 —         —            128            (1,116)      (129)
    Exchange difference                   —               (2)             (64)               —                 —         —            (13)                (1)      (80)

    At December 31, 2021                 674             370           10,634                 7                66       252         2,334              138      14,475


    Accumulated depreciation and
      impairment
    At January 1, 2021                  (148)           (141)           (3,365)              (5)              (26)     (212)       (1,541)               —      (5,438)
    Depreciation                         (13)             (4)             (439)              (1)              (11)       (5)         (189)               —        (662)
    Disposals                             —               —                 38               —                 —         —             34                —          72
    Exchange difference                   —               —                 21               —                 —         —              9                —          30

    At December 31, 2021                (161)           (145)           (3,745)              (6)              (37)     (217)       (1,687)               —      (5,998)


    Carrying amount
    At December 31, 2021                 513            225             6,889                 1                29        35           647              138       8,477


    Cost
    At January 1, 2022                   674            370            10,634                7                 66       252         2,334               138     14,475
    Additions                             —              —                  1                —                  1        —              9               109        120
    Adjustments to project costs          —              —                 (7)               —                 (1)       —             —                 —          (8)
    Disposals                             —              —                (14)               —                 (1)      (57)         (106)               —        (178)
    Transfers (i)                         —              —                 98                —                 —         —             91              (192)        (3)
    Exchange difference                   —              —                  6                —                 —         —             —                 (2)         4

    At December 31, 2022                 674             370           10,718                 7                65       195         2,328                53     14,410


    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment
    At January 1, 2022                  (161)           (145)           (3,745)              (6)              (37)     (217)       (1,687)               —      (5,998)
    Depreciation                         (14)             (5)             (464)              (1)               (9)       (4)         (174)               —        (671)
    Disposals                             —               —                 13               —                  1        49           104                —         167
    Exchange difference                   —               —                 (2)              —                 (1)       —             (1)               —          (4)

    At December 31, 2022                (175)           (150)           (4,198)              (7)              (46)     (172)       (1,758)               —      (6,506)


    Carrying amount
    At December 31, 2022                 499            220             6,520                —                 19        23           570                53      7,904



  (i)       During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net transfers to investment properties was US$3 million (2021: US$129 million).


  Interest expense of US$2 million in Note 7 (2021: US$14 million) and other direct costs of US$15 million (2021: US$20
  million) were capitalized for the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                                  172
                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED)
   With the expiry of VML’s subconcession on December 31, 2022, as described in Note 1, all of the Gaming Assets,
   including the casinos, gaming areas and respective supporting areas located in Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The
   Plaza Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao, with a total area of approximately 136,000 square meters
   (representing approximately 4.7% of the total property area) and gaming equipment, reverted to, and are now owned
   by the Macao government. Effective as of January 1, 2023, the Gaming Assets were temporarily transferred to VML for
   the duration of the Concession, in return for annual payments for the right to operate the Gaming Assets pursuant to the
   Handover Record.


   The Gaming Assets that reverted to the Macao government on December 31, 2022, and included in the above table,
   consisted of the following:

                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                                          US$ in millions
    Building and building improvements                                                                              1,264
    Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                 419

                                                                                                                    1,683
    Less — accumulated depreciation                                                                                  (930)

                                                                                                                      753


   As the Group will continue to operate the Gaming Assets in the same manner as under the previous Subconcession,
   obtain substantially all of the economic benefits and bear all of the risks arising from the use of these assets, as well
   as assuming it will be successful in the awarding of a new concession upon expiry of the Concession, the Group will
   continue to recognize these Gaming Assets as property and equipment over their remaining estimated useful lives.


   As at December 31, 2022, the Group’s property and equipment were not pledged as securities for any liabilities (2021:
   same).




                                                          173
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES
   This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee. For leases where the Group is a lessor, see Notes
   11(b) and 11(c).


   (a) Right-of-use assets
        The movements of right-of-use assets included within “Property and equipment, net” and “Investment properties,
        net” for the year are as follows:

                                                    Property and       Investment
                                                     equipment,         properties,
                                                           net —             net —        Property and
                                                       Leasehold         Leasehold          equipment,             Total
                                                        interests         interests              net —      Right-of-use
                                                          in land           in land              Other            assets
                                                                                US$ millions
          Cost
          At January 1, 2021                                 674                 56                 40               770
          Additions                                           —                  —                   9                 9
          Disposals                                           —                  —                  (7)               (7)

          At December 31, 2021                               674                 56                 42               772

          Accumulated depreciation
          At January 1, 2021                                 (148)              (14)               (21)             (183)
          Depreciation                                        (13)               (1)               (11)              (25)
          Disposals                                            —                 —                   7                 7

          At December 31, 2021                               (161)              (15)               (25)             (201)

          Carrying amount
          At December 31, 2021                               513                 41                 17               571

          Cost
          At January 1, 2022                                 674                 56                 42               772
          Adjustments to costs                                —                  —                  (2)               (2)
          Disposals                                           —                  —                  (2)               (2)

          At December 31, 2022                               674                 56                38                768

          Accumulated depreciation
          At January 1, 2022                                (161)               (15)               (25)             (201)
          Depreciation                                       (14)                (1)                (6)              (21)
          Disposals                                           —                  —                   2                 2

          At December 31, 2022                              (175)               (16)               (29)             (220)

          Carrying amount
          At December 31, 2022                               499                 40                  9               548


                                                         174
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (a) Right-of-use assets (continued)
       The Group received land concessions from the Macao government to build on the sites on which Sands Macao,
       The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao, The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao are located. The Group does
       not own these land sites; however, the land concessions, which have an initial term of 25 years and are renewable
       at the Group’s option, in accordance with Macao laws, grant the Group exclusive use of the land. As specified in
       the land concessions, the Group is required to pay premiums for each parcel as well as annual rent for the term
       of the land concessions, which may be revised every five years by the Macao government. The initial land lease
       premiums for all parcels have been fully paid for. The Group anticipates a useful life of 50 years related to these
       land concessions.


   (b) Lease liabilities
       The lease liabilities included within borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                            US$ in millions
        Current liabilities — Borrowings                                                      14                     17
        Non-current liabilities — Borrowings                                                 118                    124

                                                                                             132                    141


       The weighted average effective interest rate of lease liabilities as at December 31, 2022 was 5.0% (2021: 4.8%).
       The maturity analysis of the lease liabilities is presented in Note 28(a)(iii).




                                                         175
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (c) Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement
                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                           US$ in millions
        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets:
          Property and equipment, net — Leasehold interests in land                            14                    13
          Property and equipment, net — Other                                                   6                    11
          Investment properties, net — Leasehold interests in land                              1                     1

                                                                                               21                    25

        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                   8                     8
        Expense relating to short-term leases exempted from recognition                         2                     1

                                                                                               31                    34


       The total cash outflow for leases including interest payments for the year ended December 31, 2022 was US$12
       million (2021: US$14 million), which includes short-term lease payments of US$2 million in total (2021: US$1
       million).


   (d) Extension and termination options and residual value guarantee
       The Group has leases for various real estate (including leasehold interest in land), vehicles and equipment. The
       Group’s leases include options to extend the lease term by one month to 10 years. Land concessions in Macao
       generally have an initial term of 25 years with automatic extensions of 10 years thereafter in accordance with
       Macao law. The Group anticipates a useful life of 50 years related to the land concessions in Macao. Termination
       options are included in property and equipment leases across the Group. These are used to maximize operational
       flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of the termination options
       held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.


       The Group’s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive
       covenants.




                                                        176
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
                                                                                       Computer software
                                                                                         2022                    2021
                                                                                         US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1                                                                            157                   141
    Additions                                                                                14                    16
    Disposals                                                                                (1)                   —

    At December 31                                                                          170                   157

    Accumulated amortization
    At January 1                                                                           (119)                 (100)
    Amortization                                                                            (20)                   (19)
    Disposals                                                                                 1                     —
    Exchange difference                                                                      (1)                    —

    At December 31                                                                         (139)                 (119)


    Carrying amount
    At December 31                                                                            31                   38


                                                                                                     Gaming license
                                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                      US$ in millions
    Cost
    At January 1                                                                                                   —
    Additions                                                                                                      6

    At December 31                                                                                                  6


    Accumulated amortization
    At January 1                                                                                                   —
    Amortization                                                                                                   (6)

    At December 31                                                                                                  (6)


    Carrying amount
    At December 31                                                                                                 —


   On June 23, 2022, an extension to the Subconcession was approved and authorized by the Macao government and
   executed between VML and Galaxy, pursuant to which the Subconcession was extended from June 26, 2022 to
   December 31, 2022. 47 million patacas (approximately US$6 million at exchange rates in effect on date of transaction)
   was paid to the Macao government for the extension which was recognized as an intangible asset and amortized over
   the remaining extended term of the Subconcession during the year ended December 31, 2022.


                                                        177
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15. DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off and when the deferred
   income taxes relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable
   entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.


   The movements of the deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                               Accelerated
                                                                                                              depreciation
                                                                                                                allowance
                                                                                                             US$ in millions
    At January 1, 2021                                                                                                  (56)
    Credit for the year                                                                                                   2

    At December 31, 2021                                                                                                (54)
    Credit for the year                                                                                                   9

    At December 31, 2022                                                                                                (45)


   Deferred tax assets are recognized for tax loss carryforwards to the extent realization of the related tax benefit through
   future taxable profits is probable. The unrecognized deferred income tax assets in respect of losses that can be carried
   forward against future taxable income and pre-opening expenses are as follows:

                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                                               US$ in millions
    Arising from unused tax losses                                                               481                    421
    Arising from pre-opening expenses                                                             —                       1

                                                                                                 481                    422


   As at December 31, 2022, subject to the agreement by tax authorities, out of the total unrecognized tax losses of
   approximately US$3,956 million (2021: US$3,457 million), an amount of approximately US$146 million (2021: US$140
   million) can be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining amount of approximately US$3,810 million (2021: US$3,317
   million), will expire in one to three years (2021: same).




                                                           178
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                     Note                      US$ in millions
   Trade receivables                                                                             204                 241
   Less: provision for expected credit losses                                                   (123)               (125)

   Trade receivables, net                                            16(a)                        81                 116

   Deferred rent                                                                                   64                 73
   Less: amortization of deferred rent                                                            (33)               (42)
         provision for doubtful deferred rent                                                      —                   (2)
   Prepayments                                                                                     45                 49
   Other receivables                                                 16(b)                         12                 13

   Trade and other receivables and prepayments, net                                              169                 207

   Less: non-current portion:
           deferred rent                                                                          (19)               (17)
           prepayments and other receivables                                                       (5)                 (7)

                                                                                                  (24)               (24)

   Current portion                                                                               145                 183


  (a) Trade receivables, net
       The aging analysis of trade receivables, net of provision for expected credit losses, is as follows:

                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                               US$ in millions
         0–30 days                                                                                34                  90
         31–60 days                                                                                6                   7
         61–90 days                                                                                6                   2
         Over 90 days                                                                             35                  17

                                                                                                  81                 116


       Trade receivables are measured at amortized cost and their carrying value is approximately equivalent to their fair
       value on each balance sheet date. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the fair value of trade receivables on each
       balance sheet date.


       As at January 1, 2021, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$120 million.




                                                          179
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
    (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade receivables, net (continued)
      Trade receivables primarily consist of casino, mall and hotel receivables. The Group extends credit to approved
      patrons and gaming promoters following background checks and investigations of creditworthiness. Business or
      economic conditions, the legal enforceability of gaming debts, or other significant events in foreign countries could
      affect the collectability of receivables from patrons and gaming promoters residing in these countries.


      Credit is granted on a revolving basis based on the performance and financial background of the gaming promoter
      and, if applicable, the gaming promoter’s guarantor(s). All gaming promoter credit lines are generally subject to
      regular review and settlement procedures to evaluate the current status of liquidity and financial health of these
      gaming promoters. Absent special approval, the credit period granted to selected premium and mass market
      players is typically 7–15 days, while for gaming promoters, the receivable is typically repayable within one month
      following the granting of the credit, subject to terms of the relevant credit agreement. The Group generally does
      not charge interest for credit granted, but requires a personal check or other acceptable forms of security.


      There is a concentration of credit risk related to net casino receivables as 76.1% (2021: 47.6%) of the casino
      receivables as at December 31, 2022 were from the top five customers. Other than casino receivables, there are
      no other concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables. The Group believes the concentration of
      its credit risk in casino receivables is mitigated substantially by its credit evaluation process, credit policies, credit
      control and collection procedures, and also believes that there are no concentrations of credit risk for which a
      provision has not been established as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Although management believes the
      provision is adequate, it is possible the estimated amount of cash collections with respect to casino receivables
      could change.


      The Group maintains a provision for expected credit losses on casino, mall and hotel receivables and regularly
      evaluates the balances. The Group specifically analyzes the collectability of each account with a significant balance,
      based upon the aging of the account, the customer’s financial condition, collection history and any other known
      information, and the Group makes an allowance for trade receivables. The Group also monitors regional and global
      economic conditions and forecasts in its evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded provisions. Table games play
      is primarily cash play, as credit play represented approximately 9.8% of total table games play for the year ended
      December 31, 2022 (2021: 14.5%). The credit extended to gaming promoters and premium players can be offset
      by the commissions payable to and front money deposited by these gaming promoters, which is considered in the
      establishment of the provision for expected credit losses.


      As at December 31, 2022, a gross amount of casino receivables of US$146 million (2021: US$160 million), was
      offset by commissions payable and front money deposits in an aggregate amount of US$4 million (2021: US$8
      million), resulting in net amounts of casino receivables before provision for expected credit losses of US$142 million
      (2021: US$152 million). There were no outstanding receivables from gaming promoters as at December 31, 2022
      and 2021.


      As at December 31, 2022, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance were debtors with aggregate gross
      carrying amount of US$176 million (2021: US$159 million) which were past due as at the reporting date, of which
      US$139 million (2021: US$141 million) related to casino receivables.




                                                          180
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS, NET
    (CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade receivables, net (continued)
      As at December 31, 2022, except for credit impaired balances and outstanding significant balances with gross
      amount of US$71 million (2021: US$135 million) that have been assessed individually, as part of the Group’s
      credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its customers because these
      remaining customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk characteristics representative
      of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms.

      The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
      based on provision matrix as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 within lifetime ECL.

                                                                                          December 31,
       Provision’s matrix — debtor’s aging              Expected loss rate                2022                    2021
                                                                                           US$ in millions
       Current (not past due)                                         —                       12                    17
       1–90 days past due                                        2%–10%                       10                    10
       91–360 days past due                                     15%–25%                       28                     4
       More than 360 days past due                             50%–100%                       83                    75

                                                                                             133                   106


      The expected loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
      receivable balance and forward-looking information available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is
      regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

      The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under the
      simplified approach.

                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                          2022                   2021
                                                                                          US$ in millions
       At beginning of year                                                                 125                    137
       Provision for expected credit losses, net                                              3                      1
       Amounts written-off                                                                   (5)                   (13)

       At end of year                                                                       123                    125


  (b) Other receivables
      Other receivables are measured at amortized cost and their carrying value is approximately equivalent to their
      fair value on each balance sheet date, which also represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at
      December 31, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the provision for expected credit losses for other receivables was
      US$2 million (2021: US$2 million). Amounts are charged to the provision account and generally written off when
      the recoverability is remote.




                                                         181
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND BANK DEPOSIT
  As at December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate on restricted bank deposits is 3.9% to 5% per annum. These
  deposits have maturities ranging from 28 to 90 days.


  Bank guarantee requirement per the Concession Contract
  As required by the Concession Contract, on December 7, 2022 VML provided a bank guarantee of 1.0 billion patacas
  (approximately US$125 million at exchange rates as defined in the bank guarantee contract) in favor of the Macao
  government to secure the fulfillment of VML’s performance of its statutory and contractual obligations under the
  Concession Contract. As stipulated in the bank guarantee contract, and in order to secure the bank guarantee, a
  minimum amount of 1.0 billion patacas, or US$125 million, was required to be held within the cash deposit account
  of VCL until January 3, 2023 which was replaced by the deposit account of VML from then onwards as collateral. Any
  amount in excess of the minimum amount can be withdrawn from the cash deposit. The bank guarantee will remain in
  effect until 180 days after the end of the term of the Concession Contract or the rescission of the Concession Contract
  and was classified as non-current restricted bank deposit in the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2022.


  Bank guarantee requirement for the Subconcession Extension Contract
  As required by the Subconcession Extension Contract, on September 20, 2022 VML provided a bank guarantee of 2.31
  billion patacas (approximately US$289 million at exchange rates as defined in the bank guarantee contract) in favor of the
  Macao government to secure the fulfillment of VML’s payment obligations towards its employees after the expiration of
  its Subconcession should VML be unsuccessful in tendering for a new concession before such expiry. A minimum amount
  of 2.31 billion patacas or US$289 million was required to be held within SCL’s cash deposit account as collateral in order
  to secure the bank guarantee.


  On December 19, 2022, VML requested the release of all the bank guarantees it provided to the Macao government
  under its Subconcession Contract, and in January 2023 such bank guarantees were released, including the 2.31 billion
  patacas bank guarantee. The cash collateral equivalent of US$289 million remained in restriction on December 31, 2022
  and was classified as current restricted cash and cash equivalents as at December 31, 2022.


  Restriction on use of share capital of VML
  As required by the Concession Contract and the Gaming Law, the minimum share capital of the concessionaire of 5
  billion patacas (approximately US$623 million) may not be used or cancelled prior to the start of its business on January
  1, 2023. As such, 5 billion patacas (approximately US$623 million) was classified as current restricted cash and cash
  equivalents as at December 31, 2022 and was available to VML to deploy from January 1, 2023.




                                                         182
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                           2022                  2021
                                                                                           US$ in millions
    Cash on hand                                                                             108                   114
    Cash at bank                                                                             130                   202
    Short-term bank deposits                                                                 552                   362

                                                                                             790                   678


   As at December 31, 2022, the effective interest rates on short-term bank deposits ranged from 2.3% to 4.6% (2021:
   0.1% to 1.0%) per annum. These deposits have maturities ranging from 6 to 32 days (2021: 5 to 28 days).


   Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost and the carrying value of cash equivalents is approximately
   equivalent to their fair value as at December 31, 2022 (2021: same). The estimated fair value of the Group’s cash and
   cash equivalents was based on level 1 inputs (quoted market prices in active markets) (2021: same). The maximum credit
   exposure of cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at December 31, 2022 amounted to US$682 million (2021:
   US$564 million).


19. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                               Ordinary shares
                                                                               of US$0.01 each         US$ in millions
    Authorized
    At January 1, 2021, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022                  16,000,000,000                    160


    Issued and fully paid:
    At January 1, 2021                                                            8,090,118,766                     81
    Shares issued upon exercise of share options                                      3,070,100                     —

    At December 31, 2021                                                          8,093,188,866                     81


    At January 1, 2022                                                            8,093,188,866                     81
    Shares issued upon exercise of share options                                             —                      —

    At December 31, 2022                                                          8,093,188,866                     81




                                                         183
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20. RESERVES
   The amount of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are set out in the
   consolidated statement of changes in equity.


   (a) Capital reserve
        The capital reserve represents the combined share premium of Venetian Venture Development Intermediate Limited
        (“VVDIL”) and Cotai Services (HK) Limited.


   (b) Statutory reserve
        The statutory reserve represents amounts set aside from the income statement that are not distributable to
        Shareholders/quotaholders of the group companies incorporated.


        The Macao Commercial Code #432 requires that companies incorporated in Macao that are limited by shares
        should set aside a minimum of 10% of the company’s profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until the balance
        of the reserve reaches a level equivalent to 25% of the company’s capital.


        For companies incorporated in Macao that are limited by quotas, the Macao Commercial Code #377 requires that
        a company should set aside a minimum of 25% of the company’s profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until
        the balance of the reserve reaches a level equivalent to 50% of the company’s capital.


21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                             2022                  2021
                                                                   Notes                     US$ in millions
    Trade payables                                                  21(a)                      23                     31
    Customer deposits and other deferred revenue                    21(b)                     350                    401
    Interest payables                                                                         167                    141
    Accrued employee benefit expenses                                                         162                    134
    Construction payables and accruals                                                         86                    188
    Other tax payables                                                                         69                    115
    Outstanding chip liability                                     21(b)                       49                     65
    Interest payable related to LVS Term Loan                     26(a)(iii)                   28                     —
    Loyalty program liability                                      21(b)                       25                     26
    Casino liabilities                                                                         15                     21
    Payables to related companies                                   26(b)                       8                      5
    Other payables and accruals                                                                54                     56

                                                                                            1,036                  1,183
    Less: non-current portion                                                                (128)                  (112)

    Current portion                                                                           908                  1,071


   Trade and other payables are measured at amortized cost and the carrying amount is approximately equivalent to their
   fair value on each balance sheet date.



                                                         184
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES(CONTINUED)
  (a) Trade payables
      The aging analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                                           US$ in millions
       0–30 days                                                                              18                     22
       31–60 days                                                                              4                      7
       61–90 days                                                                              1                      1
       Over 90 days                                                                           —                       1

                                                                                              23                     31


  (b) Contract and contract related liabilities
      The Group provides numerous products and services to its customers. There is often a timing difference between
      the cash payment by the customers and recognition of revenue for each of the associated performance obligations.
      The Group has the following main types of liabilities associated with contracts with customers: (1) outstanding chip
      liability, (2) loyalty program liability, and (3) customer deposits and other deferred revenue for gaming and non-
      gaming products and services yet to be provided.


      The outstanding chip liability represents the collective amounts owed to gaming promoters and patrons in
      exchange for gaming chips in their possession. Outstanding chips are expected to be recognized as revenue or
      redeemed for cash within one year of being purchased. The loyalty program liability represents a deferral of revenue
      until patron redemption of points earned. The loyalty program points are expected to be redeemed and recognized
      as revenue within one year of being earned. Due to travel restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 Pandemic, the
      Group temporarily extended the redemption period of these points. The required redemption period was reinstated
      progressively in December 2022 and expected to be fully implemented during 2023. Customer deposits and other
      deferred revenue represent cash deposits made by customers for future services provided by the Group. With the
      exception of mall deposits, which typically extend beyond a year based on the terms of the lease, the majority of
      these customer deposits and other deferred revenue are expected to be recognized as revenue or refunded to the
      customer within one year of the date the deposit was recorded.




                                                       185
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
  (b) Contract and Contract Related Liabilities (continued)
       The following table summarizes the liability activity related to contracts with customers:

                                                    Outstanding chip                  Loyalty program       Customer deposits and
                                                        liability                         liability        other deferred revenue(i)
                                                      2022        2021                  2022          2021       2022        2021
                                                                                        US$ in millions
          Balance at January 1                             65             189                26             28             401                412
          Balance at December 31                           49              65                25             26             350                401

          Decrease(ii)                                    (16)           (124)               (1)             (2)            (51)               (11)


       (i)     Of this amount, US$122 million, US$118 million and US$125 million as at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and January
               1, 2021, respectively, relates to mall deposits that are accounted for based on lease terms usually greater than one year.


       (ii)    The decrease noted in outstanding chip liability in 2021 primarily resulted from the closure of the fixed room junket operations in
               December 2021.


22. BORROWINGS
                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                              2022                          2021
                                                                                 Note                         US$ in millions
   Non-current portion
   Senior Notes                                                                                               7,150                         7,150
   LVS Term Loan                                                                26(a)(iii)                    1,000                            —
   Bank loans                                                                                                    —                            753
   Lease liabilities                                                                                            118                           124
   Other borrowings                                                                                               1                             2

                                                                                                              8,269                         8,029
   Less: deferred financing costs                                                                               (51)                           (83)

                                                                                                              8,218                         7,946

   Current portion
   Bank loans                                                                                                 1,958                            —
   Lease liabilities                                                                                             14                            17
   Other borrowings                                                                                               1                             1

                                                                                                              1,973                            18
   Less: deferred financing costs                                                                               (10)                           —

                                                                                                              1,963                            18

   Total borrowings                                                                                         10,181                          7,964


                                                                   186
                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Borrowings are measured at amortized cost.


  Senior Notes
  On August 9, 2018, the Company issued, in a private offering, three series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$5.50 billion, consisting of US$1.80 billion of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023 (the
  “2023 Senior Notes”), US$1.80 billion of 5.125% Senior Notes due August 8, 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”) and
  US$1.90 billion of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8, 2028 (the “2028 Senior Notes”). A portion of the net proceeds
  from the offering was used to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under the 2016 VML Credit Facility. There are no
  interim principal payments on the 2023, 2025 or 2028 Senior Notes and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on
  each February 8 and August 8, commencing on February 8, 2019.


  On June 4, 2020, the Company issued, in a private offering, two series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$1.50 billion, consisting of US$800 million of 3.800% Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 (the
  “2026 Senior Notes”) and US$700 million of 4.375% Senior Notes due June 18, 2030 (the “2030 Senior Notes”). The
  net proceeds from the offering were used for incremental liquidity and general corporate purposes. There are no interim
  principal payments on the 2026 or 2030 Senior Notes and interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 8 and
  July 8, commencing on January 8, 2021, with respect to the 2026 Senior Notes, and on June 18 and December 18,
  commencing on December 18, 2020, with respect to the 2030 Senior Notes.


  On September 23, 2021, the Company issued in a private offering three series of senior unsecured notes in an aggregate
  principal amount of US$1.95 billion, consisting of US$700 million of 2.300% Senior Notes due March 8, 2027 (the
  “2027 Senior Notes”), US$650 million of 2.850% Senior Notes due March 8, 2029 (the “2029 Senior Notes”) and
  US$600 million of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031 (the “2031 Senior Notes” and, together with the 2023
  Senior Notes, 2025 Senior Notes, 2026 Senior Notes, 2027 Senior Notes, 2028 Senior Notes, 2029 Senior Notes, 2030
  Senior Notes, the “Senior Notes”). The Company used the net proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to redeem
  in full the outstanding principal amount of its US$1.80 billion 4.600% Senior Notes due 2023, any accrued interest and
  the associated make-whole premium as determined under the related senior notes indenture dated as of August 9, 2018.


  The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Each series of notes rank equally in right of payment
  with all of the Company’s existing and future senior unsecured debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the
  Company’s future subordinated debt, if any. The notes will be effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of the
  Company’s future secured debt (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt) and will be structurally
  subordinated to all of the liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries. None of the Company’s subsidiaries guarantee the
  notes.


  The 2023, 2025 and 2028 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated August 9, 2018 (the “2018
  Indenture”), the 2026 and 2030 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated June 4, 2020 (the “2020
  Indenture”) and the 2027, 2029 and 2031 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated September
  23, 2021 (the “2021 Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Upon the
  occurrence of certain events described in these indentures, the interest rate on the senior notes may be adjusted. The
  indentures contain covenants, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications, that limit the ability of the Company
  and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge,
  sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets on a consolidated basis. The indentures also
  provide for customary events of default.



                                                          187
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Senior Notes (continued)
  The cost associated with the early termination of the 4.600% Senior Notes due 2023, including the make-whole
  premium of US$131 million and US$6 million in unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs,
  was recorded as a loss on early retirement of debt in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended
  December 31, 2021.


  On February 16 and June 16, 2022, Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) and Fitch, respectively, downgraded the credit rating
  for the Company to BB+. As a result of the downgrades, the coupon on each series of the outstanding Senior Notes
  increased by 0.50% per annum, with a 0.25% per annum increase becoming effective on the first interest payment
  date after February 16, 2022 as it relates to S&P and an additional 0.25% increase per annum after June 16, 2022 as it
  relates to Fitch. This resulted in an increase of US$16 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022
  and US$36 million for each year thereafter through 2024, at which time this will decrease as the Senior Notes are repaid
  based on each of their set maturity dates. The weighted average interest rate for the Senior Notes was 4.6% for the year
  ended December 31, 2022 (2021: 4.7%).


  The estimated fair value of the Group’s Senior Notes as at December 31, 2022 was approximately US$6.58 billion (2021:
  US$7.27 billion). The estimated fair value of the Group’s Senior Notes was based on recent trades, if available, and
  indicative pricing from market information (level 2 inputs).


  2018 SCL Credit Facility
  On November 20, 2018, the Company entered into a facility agreement with the arrangers and lenders named therein
  and Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch, as agent for the lenders (the “2018 SCL Credit Facility”), pursuant to which
  the lenders made available a US$2.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility to SCL (the “2018 SCL Revolving Facility”).
  The facility is available until July 31, 2023, and the Company may draw loans under the facility, which may consist of
  general revolving loans (consisting of a United States dollar component and a Hong Kong dollar component) or loans
  drawn under a swing-line loan sub-facility (denominated in either United States dollars or Hong Kong dollars). The
  Company may utilize the loans for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements of the Company and its
  subsidiaries.


  Loans under the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility bear interest calculated by reference to (1) in the case of general revolving
  loans denominated in United States dollars, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), (2) in the case of loans
  denominated in United States dollars drawn under the swing-line loan sub-facility, a United States dollar alternate base
  rate (determined by reference to, among other things, the United States dollar prime lending rate and the Federal Funds
  Effective Rate), (3) in the case of general revolving loans denominated in Hong Kong dollars, the Hong Kong Interbank
  Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) or (4) in the case of loans denominated in Hong Kong dollars drawn under the swing-line loan
  sub-facility, a Hong Kong dollar alternate base rate (determined by reference to, among other things, the Hong Kong
  dollar prime lending rate), in each case, plus a margin that is determined by reference to the consolidated leverage ratio
  as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility. The initial margin for general revolving loans is 2.0% per annum and the
  initial margin for loans drawn under the swing-line loan sub-facility is 1.0% per annum. SCL is also required to pay a
  commitment fee of 0.60% per annum on the undrawn amounts under the 2018 SCL Revolving Facility.




                                                          188
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  The 2018 SCL Credit Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants customary for similar unsecured financings,
  including, but not limited to, limitations on indebtedness secured by liens on principal properties and sale and leaseback
  transactions. The 2018 SCL Credit Facility also requires the Company to maintain a maximum ratio of total indebtedness
  to adjusted EBITDA of 4.0x throughout the life of the facility and a minimum ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net interest
  expense (including capitalized interest) of 2.5x throughout the life of the facility.


  On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment request letter (the “Waiver Letter”) with
  respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders (a) waived the requirements
  for the Company to comply with the requirements that the Company ensures the maximum consolidated leverage
  ratio does not exceed 4.0x and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 2.5x for any quarterly period ending
  during the period beginning on, and including, January 1, 2020 and ending on, and including, July 1, 2021 (the “SCL
  Relevant Period”) (other than with respect to the financial year ended on December 31, 2019); (b) waived any default
  that may arise as a result of any breach of said requirements during the SCL Relevant Period (other than with respect to
  the financial year ended on December 31, 2019); and (c) extended the period of time during which the Company may
  supply the agent with (i) its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on December 31, 2019,
  to April 30, 2020; and (ii) its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year ending on December 31,
  2020, to April 30, 2021. Pursuant to the Waiver Letter, the Company agreed to pay a customary fee to the lenders that
  consented.


  On September 11, 2020, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Waiver
  Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders agreed
  to (a) extend the SCL Relevant Period such that it ends on, and includes, January 1, 2022 instead of July 1, 2021; and
  (b) amend and restate the 2018 SCL Credit Facility in the form attached to the Waiver Extension Letter, which contains
  the following amendments: (1) it provides the Company with the option to increase the total borrowing capacity by an
  aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (2) it imposes a restriction on the ability of the Company to declare or
  make any dividend payment or similar distribution at any time during the period from (and including) July 1, 2020 to
  (and including) January 1, 2022, if at such time (x) the total borrowing capacity exceeds US$2.0 billion by operation of
  the increase referred to above; and (y) the maximum consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving
  effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such
  date; and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments
  under other credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion. Pursuant to the Waiver Extension Letter, the
  Company agreed to pay a customary fee to the lenders that consented.


  On January 25, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with lenders to increase commitments under the 2018
  SCL Credit Facility by HK$3.83 billion (approximately US$491 million at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2021).




                                                         189
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  On July 7, 2021, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Third Waiver
  Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders agreed
  to (a) extend by one year to (and including) January 1, 2023, the waiver period for the requirement for the Company to
  comply with the requirements that the Company ensures the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the
  consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x as at the last day of the financial quarter; (b) extend the period
  of time during which SCL may supply the agent with its audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year
  ending on December 31, 2021 to April 30, 2022; and (c) extend by one year to (and including) January 1, 2023, the
  period during which SCL’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or similar distribution is restricted if at such
  time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s
  exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (y) the
  consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate
  amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such date; and (ii) the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility
  under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments under other credit facilities of SCL is greater than US$2.0
  billion. Pursuant to the Third Waiver Extension Letter, the Company paid a customary fee to the lenders that consented.


  On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into a waiver extension and amendment request letter (the “Fourth
  Waiver Extension Letter”) with respect to certain provisions of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, pursuant to which lenders
  agreed to (a) extend to (and including) July 31, 2023, the waiver period for the requirement for the Company to
  comply with the requirements that the Company ensure the consolidated leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the
  consolidated interest coverage ratio is not less than 2.5x as at the last day of any financial quarter; (b) extend to (and
  including) July 31, 2023, the period during which the Company’s ability to declare or make any dividend payment or
  similar distribution is restricted if at such time (x) the Total Commitments (as defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility)
  exceed US$2.0 billion by the Company’s exercise of the option to increase the Total Commitments by an aggregate
  amount of up to US$1.0 billion; and (y) the consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 4.0x, unless, after giving effect to
  such payment, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Company on such date; and (ii)
  the aggregate amount of the undrawn facility under the 2018 SCL Credit Facility and unused commitments under other
  credit facilities of the Company is greater than US$2.0 billion; and (c) incorporate provisions to address the transition of
  the LIBOR to a term SOFR reference rate. Pursuant to the Fourth Waiver Extension Letter, the Company paid a customary
  fee to the lenders that consented.


  The 2018 SCL Credit Facility also contains certain events of default (some of which are subject to grace and remedy
  periods and materiality qualifiers), including, but not limited to, events relating to the Group’s gaming operations and the
  loss or termination of certain land concession contracts.


  The Company intends to pursue an extension to the maturity of the 2018 SCL Credit Facility beyond July 31, 2023. The
  Company believes it will be successful in obtaining such extension, although no assurance can be provided that such
  extension will be granted, which could negatively impact our available liquidity.




                                                           190
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  2018 SCL Credit Facility (continued)
  During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company drew a total of US$1.20 billion under the 2018 SCL Credit
  Facility to fulfill the Concession Contract requirements and incremental liquidity (2021: US$756 million). The weighted
  average interest rate for the 2018 SCL Credit Facility was 4.3% for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: 2.6%).


  As at December 31, 2022, the Company had US$541 million of available borrowing capacity under the 2018 SCL
  Revolving Facility comprised of HK$ commitments of HK$3.82 billion (approximately US$490 million) and US$
  commitments of US$51 million (2021: US$1.75 billion available borrowing capacity comprised of commitments of
  HK$12.32 billion (approximately US$1.58 billion at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2021) and commitments
  of US$166 million).


  As at December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the bank loans relating to the 2018 SCL Credit Facility was
  approximately equivalent to its carrying value based on indicative pricing from market information (level 2 inputs) (2021:
  same).


  Intercompany Loan Agreement with LVS
  On July 11, 2022, the Company entered into an intercompany term loan agreement with our Controlling Shareholder,
  LVS, in the amount of US$1.0 billion, which is repayable on July 11, 2028. In the first two years from July 11, 2022,
  the Company will have the option to elect to pay cash interest at 5% per annum or payment-in-kind interest at 6% per
  annum by adding the amount of such interest to the then-outstanding principal amount of the loan, following which only
  cash interest at 5% per annum will be payable. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company elected payment-
  in-kind interest. This loan is unsecured and subordinated to all third party unsecured indebtedness and other obligations
  of the Group.


  As at December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the LVS Term Loan was approximately equivalent to its carrying
  value based on its recovery and yield expectation which has not changed materially since inception. The LVS Term Loan
  is not freely tradable and hence the fair value measurement is based on level 3 inputs.




                                                         191
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
  The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
  cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be,
  classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                   Deferred
                                            Senior         Bank         Lease     financing Net interest       LVS Term      Other
                                            Notes(i)      loans     liabilities       costs     payables(ii)       Loan borrowings        Total
                                                                                       US$ in millions
     Balance as at January 1, 2021           7,000            —           145           (80)            156          —           —        7,221
     Financing cash flows                      146           756          (12)          (27)           (378)         —           —          485
     Non-cash changes:
        Original issue discount                  4            —             —             (4)           —            —          —           —
        Accruals                                 —            —             8             (1)          364           —          3          374
        Amortization                             —            —             —            23             —            —          —           23
        Loss on early retirement of debt         —            —             —              6            —            —          —            6
        Foreign exchange movement                —            (3)           —            —              (1)          —          —           (4)

    Balance as at December 31, 2021          7,150          753           141           (83)           141           —            3       8,105
    Financing cash flows                        —         1,200            (9)           (2)          (367)       1,000          (1)      1,821
    Non-cash changes:
       Accruals                                  —            —             —            —             422           —          —          422
       Amortization                              —            —             —            24             —            —          —           24
       Foreign exchange movement                 —            5             —            —              (1)          —          —            4

    Balance as at December 31, 2022          7,150        1,958           132           (61)           195        1,000          2      10,376

  (i)      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the cash flows from Senior Notes consisted of proceeds from Senior Notes of US$1.95 billion
           and repayment of 2023 Notes of US$1.80 billion.


  (ii)     As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, net interest payables include the net of interest payables and receivables related to cross currency
           swaps. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash flows from net interest payables includes the net of interest income
           received and interest payment made related to cross currency swaps.




                                                                    192
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  The Group recognizes all unhedged derivatives as financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss on
  the balance sheet. If specific conditions are met, a derivative may be designated as a hedge of specific financial exposures.
  The accounting for changes in fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and, if used in
  hedging activities, on its effectiveness as a hedge. In order to qualify for hedge accounting, the underlying hedged item
  must expose the Group to risks associated with market fluctuations and the financial instrument used must be designated
  as a hedge and reduce the Group’s exposure to market fluctuation throughout the hedge period.


  During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into two foreign currency swap agreements. The
  objective of both agreements is to manage the risk of changes in cash flows resulting from foreign currency gains/losses
  realized upon remeasurement of US$ denominated Senior Notes by swapping a specified amount of HK$ for US$ at the
  contractual spot rate. The terms in one of the contracts did not effectively match the terms of the related Senior Notes;
  thus, it was not designated as hedging (the “Non-Hedging Swap”). The remaining contract was designated as a hedge
  of the cash flows related to a portion of the Senior Notes (the “Hedging Swap”, and together with the Non-Hedging
  Swap, the “FX Swaps”). The Non-Hedging Swap and the Hedging Swap have a total notional value of US$500 million
  and US$1.0 billion, respectively, and expire in August 2023 and August 2025, respectively.


  As at December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Non-Hedging Swap was US$1 million recorded as an asset in “Other
  assets, net — current” whilst the fair value of the Hedging Swap was US$3 million recorded as a liability in “Trade and
  other payables — non-current” (2021: The total fair value of the FX Swaps was US$2 million and was recorded as an asset
  in “Other assets, net — non-current”). The fair value of the FX Swaps was estimated using Level 2 inputs from recently
  reported market transactions of foreign currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, for the Hedging Swap, US$2
  million was recognized as other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheet relating to the changes in fair
  value of the derivative and foreign currency gains/losses incurred from the remeasurement of the portion of the Senior
  Notes being hedged during the year (2021: US$4 million). For the Non-Hedging Swap, the changes in fair value of the
  derivative of US$1 million were recorded as other losses in the consolidated income statement (2021: US$1 million as
  other gains).




                                                           193
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24. NOTE TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
  Cash (used in)/generated from operations is as follows:


                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                            US$ in millions
   Loss before income tax                                                 (1,588)           (1,045)
   Adjustments for:
     Interest income                                                        (19)                (2)
     Interest and other finance costs                                       420               350
     Depreciation and amortization                                          750               733
     Amortization of deferred financing costs                                24                23
     Amortization of deferred rent                                           12                10
     Amortization of other assets                                             3                  3
     Loss on disposal of property and equipment,
      investment properties and intangible assets                             2                 8
     Loss on early retirement of debt                                         —               137
     Provision for expected credit losses, net                                4                 3
     Equity-settled share-based compensation expense,
      net of amounts capitalized                                               5                 5
     Fair value loss/(gain) on derivative financial instruments                1                (1)
     Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                      (5)               36
   Changes in working capital:
     Other assets                                                              8                  3
     Inventories                                                              (4)                —
     Trade and other receivables and prepayments                              26                (11)
     Trade and other payables                                               (105)             (159)

   Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                 (466)               93




                                                          194
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  (a) Capital commitments
      Capital expenditure on property and equipment contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not
      recognized as liabilities is as follows:


                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                          2022                   2021
                                                                                          US$ in millions
       Contracted but not provided for                                                        72                    75


  (b) Litigation
      The Group has contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. Management has made estimates
      for potential litigation costs based upon consultation with legal counsel. Actual results could differ from these
      estimates; however, in the opinion of management, such litigation and claims will not have a material adverse
      effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.


  (c) Macao Concession
      Annual Premium
      Under the Macao Concession, VML is obligated to pay to the Macao government an annual gaming premium with
      a fixed portion and a variable portion based on the number and type of gaming tables it employs and gaming
      machines it operates. The fixed portion of the premium is equal to 30 million patacas (approximately US$4 million).
      The variable portion is equal to 300,000 patacas per gaming table reserved exclusively for certain kinds of games
      or players, 150,000 patacas per gaming table not so reserved and 1,000 patacas per electrical or mechanical
      gaming machine, including slot machines (approximately US$37,360, US$18,680 and US$125, respectively),
      subject to a minimum of 76 million patacas (approximately US$9 million). Based on the gaming tables and gaming
      machines (which is at the maximum number of tables and machines currently allowed by the Macao government)
      in operation as of January 1, 2023, the annual premium payable to the Macao government is approximately
      US$41 million during each of the next five years ending December 31, 2027, and approximately US$203 million in
      aggregate thereafter through the termination of the Concession in December 2032.


      VML is also obligated to pay a special gaming tax of 35% of gross gaming revenue and applicable withholding
      taxes. Under the Concession, VML must also contribute 5% of its gross gaming revenue to utilities designated by
      the Macao government, a portion of which must be used for promotion of tourism in Macao. Additionally, under
      the Concession, VML is also obligated to pay a special annual gaming premium if the average of the gross gaming
      revenue of VML’s gaming tables and electrical or mechanical gaming machines, including slot machines, is lower
      than a certain minimum amount determined by the Macao government; such special premium being the difference
      between the gaming tax based on the actual gross gaming revenue and that of the specified minimum amount;
      this minimum amount has been set by the Macao government at 7 million patacas per gaming table and 300,000
      patacas per gaming machine (approximately US$1 million and US$37,360, respectively), for an annual total of
      4.50 billion patacas (approximately US$561 million) based on the maximum number of gaming tables and gaming
      machines VML is currently authorized to operate.




                                                       195
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)
  (c) Macao Concession (continued)
      Handover Record
      Pursuant to the Handover Record, VML is required to make annual payments of 750 patacas per square meter for
      the first three years and 2,500 patacas per square meter for the following seven years (approximately US$93 and
      US$311, respectively, at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2022). The annual payment of 750 patacas per
      square meter will be adjusted with the Macao average price index of the corresponding preceding year for years
      two and three and the annual payment of 2,500 patacas per square meter will be adjusted with the Macao average
      price index of the corresponding preceding year for years five through ten. The annual fee for the first three years is
      approximately US$13 million and US$42 million for the next seven years, subject to the Macao average price index
      adjustment mentioned above.

      Committed Investment
      Under the Concession, VML is obligated to develop certain gaming and non-gaming investment projects by
      December 2032 in connection with, among others, attraction of international visitors, conventions and exhibitions,
      entertainment shows, sporting events, culture and art, health and wellness and themed attractions, as well as
      support Macao’s position as a city of gastronomy and increase community and maritime tourism, and VML is
      required to invest, or cause to be invested, at least 30.24 billion patacas (approximately US$3.77 billion at exchange
      rates in effect on December 31, 2022), including 27.80 billion patacas (approximately US$3.46 billion at exchange
      rates in effect on December 31, 2022) on non-gaming projects. VML will be required to increase its investment
      in non-gaming projects by up to 20% in the following year subject to a trigger, namely if Macao’s annual market
      gross gaming revenue achieves or exceeds 180 billion patacas (approximately US$22.42 billion at exchange rates
      in effect on December 31, 2022). The 20% increase is subject to a deduction of 4% per year if the revenue trigger
      occurs on or after 2028 (the sixth year of the term of the Concession). This potential additional investment is
      estimated to be approximately US$700 million.


  (d) Construction labor
      In recent years, the Group has utilized an imported construction labor quota granted by the Labour Affairs Bureau
      of the Macao government for purposes of completing outstanding areas within The Londoner Macao and The
      Parisian Macao project and for additions and alterations works in The Venetian Macao, The Plaza Macao and
      The Londoner Macao (the “Group Quota”). The Group Quota was renewed in 2022 but the number of laborers
      authorized thereunder decreased significantly due to the completion of the renovation and refurbishment works at
      The Londoner Macao. From 2018 until June 2021, BCA (Macau) Limited was retained to manage the Group Quota
      on behalf and at the direction of the Group. The Group has been managing the Group Quota directly since July
      2021. The Group Quota alone has historically not provided for sufficient numbers of staff and labor to complete
      construction works and the shortfall has been covered by separate labor quotas applied by and awarded directly to
      the contractors by the Labour Affairs Bureau of the Macao government (the “Contractor Quota”).

      In accordance with Macao labor law, the Group remains primarily liable for the fulfilment of all employer legal
      obligations and for the costs associated with persons employed under the Group Quota, including where such
      persons are seconded to contractors. Contractors utilizing seconded labor under the Group Quota are contractually
      obligated to reimburse and indemnify the Group for any and all costs incurred as a result of the secondment
      arrangement. In addition, the Group has the right to recover such costs against any amounts due to the contractors.
      Although the Group is not directly liable, it may be held vicariously liable for payments under the Contractor
      Quota if contractors working on the Company’s development projects fail to pay wages. The Group maintains
      a contingency in case it is unable to fully recover amounts owed to construction labor from contractors in such
      circumstances.


                                                         196
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the party
  has the ability, directly or indirectly, to exercise significant influence over the Group in making financial and operating
  decisions, or vice versa. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel, significant
  Shareholders and/or their close family members) or other entities, and include entities which are under the significant
  influence of related parties of the Group where those parties are individuals. The Group’s immediate holding company
  is VVDI (II). LVS is the Group’s ultimate holding company. Related companies represent the group companies of the LVS
  Group.


  Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with
  related parties during the year:


  (a) Transactions during the year
        (i)    Management fee income
                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                             US$ in millions
                LVS                                                                               2                      1
                Fellow subsidiaries                                                               6                      3

                                                                                                  8                      4

               The Group provides managements services to LVS Group companies. These services include, but are not
               limited to, accounting services, information technology support, sourcing of goods and services, and design,
               development and construction consultancy services and marketing services. Management fees are charged at
               actual costs incurred or on a cost-plus basis.


        (ii)   Management fee cost
                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                             US$ in millions
                LVS                                                                              16                     16
                Fellow subsidiaries                                                               2                      5

                                                                                                 18                     21

               LVS Group companies provide management services to the Group. These services include, but are not limited
               to, human resources support, accounting services, sourcing of goods and services, sourcing of tenants for the
               malls, transportation services, other various types of marketing and promotion activities for the Group, and
               design, development and construction consultancy services. Management fees are charged at actual costs
               incurred or on a cost-plus basis.


               The total management fee expense of US$18 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was before
               the capitalization to construction-in-progress of US$1 million (2021: US$21 million before capitalization to
               deferred financing costs of US$4 million and prepayments of US$1 million). The net amount expensed in the
               consolidated income statement was US$17 million (2021: US$16 million) (Refer to Note 6).

                                                          197
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Transactions during the year (continued)
      (iii) LVS Term Loan
            For details of the LVS Term Loan, refer to Note 22. For interest expense incurred and interest payable due to
            LVS, refer to Notes 7 and 21.

      (iv) Key management personnel remuneration
            No transactions have been entered into with the Directors of the Company (being the key management
            personnel) during the year ended December 31, 2022 other than the emoluments paid to them (being the
            key management personnel remuneration) as disclosed in Note 5 (2021: same).

      (v)   Royalty fees
            In November 2009, the Group entered into an agreement with Las Vegas Sands, LLC (“LVS LLC”), a wholly-
            owned subsidiary of LVS incorporated in the United States of America, for the use of the licensed marks as
            defined in the agreement (“Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement”). For each of the full fiscal years
            through the full fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, the Group paid LVS LLC an annual royalty at the
            rate of 1.5% of total gross non-gaming revenue and Paiza-related gaming revenue of Sands Macao, 1.5%
            of total gross revenue of The Venetian Macao, and 1.5% of the total gross gaming revenue of the Plaza
            Casino at The Plaza Macao (the “Relevant Royalty”), provided that the total royalty payable in connection
            with these three properties in each fiscal year was capped at US$20 million per full fiscal year. For each of the
            subsequent full fiscal years until the expiration of the remaining term on December 31, 2022, the Group paid
            an annual royalty being the lesser of the Relevant Royalty or the annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0%
            for each subsequent year. Each subsequent Casino Gaming property the Group operates which utilizes any
            of the licensed marks in connection with generating the relevant revenue paid for each of the first three full
            fiscal calendar years after commencement of operations of each subsequent property, a royalty fee of 1.5%
            of the respective gross revenues of the operations in connection with which such licensed marks are used
            (each, the “Subsequent Casino Gaming Property Royalty”), subject to a US$20 million cap per fiscal year.
            For the fiscal calendar years thereafter until the expiration of the remaining term on December 31, 2022, the
            Group paid LVS LLC an annual royalty being the lesser of the Subsequent Casino Gaming Property Royalty or
            the annual caps reflecting an increase of 20.0% for each subsequent year. After the commencement of the
            operation of The Londoner Macao and The Parisian Macao in April 2012 and September 2016 respectively,
            the Group paid royalty fees in connection with these properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
            the Group incurred US$22 million (2021: US$42 million) of royalty fees.


            As the term of the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement expired on December 31, 2022, on December
            2, 2022, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 (all being subsidiaries of the Company) entered into an agreement with
            LVS to renew the arrangements contained in the Second Trademark Sub-License Agreement to ensure that
            the Group continues to have access to the licensed marks referred therein (the “International Trademark
            License Agreement”). The International Trademark License Agreement has a term of three years commencing
            on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025 (the “Term”).




                                                        198
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Transactions during the year (continued)
      (v)   Royalty fees (continued)
            In consideration for LVS granting our Group the license to use licensed marks (as defined), each Licensee shall
            pay LVS an annual royalty at the rate of 1.5% of its gross non-gaming and gaming revenue. Gross revenue
            shall be calculated according to U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) in effect as of January
            1, 2023; provided, however, that: (1) gross revenue from gaming operations shall be calculated as net
            revenue adjusted by adding back casino-related discounts and commissions and loyalty program adjustments,
            adding complimentary goods and services provided to patrons and excluding any intragroup revenue, and
            (2) gross revenue from non-gaming operations shall be calculated as net revenues excluding any intragroup
            revenue. All royalties shall be calculated on a monthly basis and paid on or before the 30th of the following
            month.

      (vi) Share-based compensation
            The Group participates in the share-based compensation plan of LVS (Notes 5 and 27).

      (vii) Expenses billed to/paid by other LVS group companies
            During the year, the Group incurred certain expenses on behalf of other LVS group companies, or vice versa.
            The Group charged/reimbursed other LVS group companies for these expenses at cost.


  (b) Year-end balances between the Group and related companies
                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                            2022                   2021
                                                                                            US$ in millions
       Receivables from related companies:
       Fellow subsidiaries                                                                         1                  —

      The receivables from related companies are unsecured, interest-free and have a credit term of 45 days (2021:
      same).


                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                          2022                    2021
                                                                 Note                     US$ in millions
       Payables to related companies:
       LVS                                                                                     6                      1
       Intermediate holding company                                                            2                      4

                                                                  21                           8                      5

      The payables to related companies are unsecured, interest-free and have a credit term of 45 days (2021: same).




                                                        199
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
  (a) Share options of the Company
      Equity Award Plan
      The 2009 Equity Award Plan and 2019 Equity Award Plan (collectively, the “Equity Award Plan”) gives the
      Company a competitive edge in attracting, retaining and motivating employees, directors and consultants and to
      provide the Company with an equity award plan providing incentives directly related to increases in its shareholder
      value. Subject to certain criteria as defined in the Equity Award Plan, the Company’s subsidiaries’ or affiliates’
      employees, directors or officers and its consultants are eligible for awards under the Equity Award Plan.


      The 2009 Equity Award Plan had a term of ten years, which expired on November 30, 2019, no further awards may
      be granted after the expiration of the term. All existing awards previously granted under the 2009 Equity Award
      Plan, but which are unexercised or unvested, will remain valid and (where applicable) exercisable in accordance
      with their respective terms of grant despite the expiry of the 2009 Equity Award Plan. The 2019 Equity Award
      Plan was approved by Shareholders on May 24, 2019, and took effect on December 1, 2019, with materially the
      same terms of the 2009 Equity Award Plan. As at December 31, 2022, there were 805,319,139 Shares available
      for grant under the 2019 Equity Award Plan. The Company’s Remuneration Committee might, from time to time,
      grant awards of share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, share bonuses
      (“Share-based Awards”), performance compensation awards or any combination of the foregoing pursuant to the
      2019 Equity Award Plan.


      Share options under the Equity Award Plan were granted with an exercise price not less than the highest of (i)
      the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant, which must be a business day, (ii) the average of the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily
      quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant and
      (iii) the nominal value of a Share. The outstanding share options generally vest over four years and have ten-year
      contractual terms. Compensation cost for all share option grants, which generally have graded vesting, is net of
      estimated forfeitures and is recognized on an accelerated attribution approach over the awards’ respective requisite
      service periods.


      The Company estimates the fair value of share options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Expected
      volatilities are based on the Company’s historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life of the share
      options. The expected option life is based on the contractual term of the option as well as historical exercise and
      forfeiture behavior. The risk-free interest rate for periods equal to the expected term of the share option is based on
      the Hong Kong Government Bond rate in effect at the time of the grant for share options granted. The expected
      dividend yield is based on the estimate of annual dividends expected to be paid at the time of the grant. The Group
      has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.




                                                         200
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                              SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (a) Share Options of the Company (continued)
      Equity Award Plan (continued)
      A summary of the share option activity for the Equity Award Plan is presented below:


                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                             2022                                 2021
                                                                     Weighted                               Weighted
                                                  Number of            average         Number of               average
                                                    options       exercise price         options         exercise price
                                                       ’000                 US$            ’000                    US$
       Outstanding at January 1                        48,180               5.01             54,418               4.96
       Granted                                          3,300               2.28                 —                  —
       Exercised                                           —                  —              (3,070)              3.91
       Forfeited                                       (3,079)              4.69             (3,168)              5.32

       Outstanding at December 31                      48,401               4.84             48,180               5.01

       Exercisable at December 31                      41,688               5.02             37,620               4.94

      There was no exercise of share options during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average share
      price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021 was US$4.86.


      The range of exercise prices and the weighted average remaining contractual life of the above share options
      outstanding as at the dates indicated are as follows:


                                                                           December 31,
                                                             2022                                 2021
                                                                      Weighted                              Weighted
                                                 Number of              average        Number of              average
                                                    options           remaining           options          remaining
       Range of exercise prices                 outstanding      contractual life     outstanding      contractual life
       US$                                             ’000              (years)             ’000              (years)
       2.01–3.00                                        3,300               9.62                 —                  —
       3.01–4.00                                        7,728               3.00              8,392               3.87
       4.01–5.00                                       10,122               4.53             11,066               5.38
       5.01–6.00                                       22,962               5.67             24,433               6.67
       6.01–7.00                                        1,758               3.13              1,758               4.13
       7.01–8.00                                        1,288               1.27              1,288               2.27
       8.01–9.00                                        1,243               1.21              1,243               2.21

                                                       48,401               4.95             48,180               5.56




                                                      201
                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (a) Share option of the Company (continued)
      Fair value estimates of the share options under the 2019 Equity Award Plan
      The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
      with the following weighted average assumptions:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2022              2021
       Expected volatility                                                                 43.7%                      —
       Expected life (years)                                                                  7.2                     —
       Risk-free annual interest rate                                                       2.7%                      —
       Expected dividends                                                                      —                      —
       Weighted average share price at the date of grant (US$)                               2.28                     —
       Weighted average exercise price (US$)                                                 2.28                     —
       Weighted average fair value of each share option granted by
          the Company (US$)                                                                  1.13                     —


  (b) Restricted share units of the Company
      Under the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan, the Company granted certain restricted share
      units (under which no new Shares will be issued) to eligible participants. Such restricted share units will vest over
      three to four years. Grantees are entitled to a future cash payment from our Group that is equivalent to the fair
      value of the vested restricted share units and any accumulated dividends in cash upon vesting.


      A summary of the restricted share units under the 2009 Equity Award Plan and the 2019 Equity Award Plan is
      presented below:


                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                              2022                            2021
                                                    Number of       Weighted       Number of           Weighted
                                                     restricted average grant        restricted    average grant
                                                    share units date fair value    share units     date fair value
                                                           ’000            US$            ’000                US$
       Unvested at January 1                             15,322               3.40              3,363               4.44
       Granted                                            9,393               2.32             13,040               3.22
       Vested                                            (2,344)              4.74               (961)              4.46
       Forfeited                                           (969)              3.00               (120)              4.53

       Unvested at December 31                           21,402               2.80             15,322               3.40




                                                        202
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (b) Restricted share units of the Company (continued)
      The fair value of each restricted share unit on its grant date is the closing price of the Shares on its grant date. The
      fair value of each restricted share unit is re-measured at the end of each reporting period until its vesting date.
      Upon vesting of each restricted share unit, the Group will pay the grantees an amount in cash calculated based on
      the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the vesting
      date or the higher of (i) the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock
      Exchange on the vesting date, and (ii) the average official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation
      sheet of the Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the vesting date, in addition to any
      accumulated cash and dividends equivalents paid by the Company in respect of one Share. If the vesting date falls
      within a black out period or is not a trading day, the first trading day immediately following the scheduled vesting
      date that is also not a black out date shall be considered as the vesting date. Compensation cost for all restricted
      share units, which all have graded vesting, is recognized on an accelerated attribution approach over the restricted
      share units’ respective requisite service periods. As at December 31, 2022, the accrued liability associated with
      these cash-settled restricted share units was US$34 million (2021: US$8 million). For the year ended December 31,
      2022, the loss on re-measurement of the liability was US$5 million (2021: gain of US$8 million).


  (c) Share options of LVS
      The Group participates in the equity-settled share-based compensation plan of LVS which provides for the granting
      of share options to purchase LVS common stock (the “LVS Equity Plan”). LVS’ compensation committee may grant
      awards of non-qualified share options, incentive (qualified) share options, share appreciation rights, restricted share
      awards, restricted share units, share bonus awards, performance compensation awards or any combination of the
      foregoing. Share option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value (as defined in the
      LVS Equity Plan) of LVS’ share on the date of grant. The outstanding share options generally vest over three to four
      years and have ten-year contractual terms. Compensation cost for all share option grants, which generally have
      graded vesting, is recognized on an accelerated attribution approach over the awards’ respective requisite service
      periods. LVS estimates the fair value of share options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Expected
      volatilities are based on LVS’ historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life of the share options. The
      expected option life is based on the contractual term of the option as well as historical exercise and forfeiture
      behavior. The risk-free interest rate for periods equal to the expected term of the share option is based on the U.S.
      Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The expected dividend yield is based on the estimate of annual
      dividends expected to be paid at the time of the grant.


      During the year ended December 31, 2022, 375,000 share options were granted at a weighted average exercise
      price of US$38.84, no share options were exercised nor expired. As at December 31, 2022, there were 507,525
      share options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of US$45.81, and 121,269 share options were
      exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of US$65.10.


      During the year ended December 31, 2021, no share options were granted, exercised nor expired. As at December
      31, 2021, there were 132,525 share options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of US$65.53, and
      96,165 share options were exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of US$65.68.


      The expense allocated to the Group in relation to the LVS’ share options during the year ended December 31, 2022
      was US$0.6 million (2021: US$0.1 million).




                                                         203
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




27. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)
  (d) Restricted share units of LVS
      The grant date fair value of the restricted share units is the share price of the ordinary shares of LVS at the respective
      grant date. The number of unvested restricted share units represents the number of ordinary shares of LVS to be
      given to the employees upon vesting. The restricted share units vest over 3 years.


      During the year ended December 31, 2022, no restricted share units were granted, 18,793 restricted share units
      were vested and no restricted share units were forfeited. As at December 31, 2022, there were 38,153 unvested
      restricted share units with a weighted average grant date fair value of US$41.27.


      During the year ended December 31, 2021, 56,946 restricted share units were granted at a weighted average
      grant date fair value of US$41.27, no restricted share units were vested and no restricted share units were forfeited.
      As at December 31, 2021, there were 56,946 unvested restricted share units with a weighted average grant date
      fair value of US$41.27.


      The expense allocated to the Group in relation to the LVS’ restricted share units during the year ended December
      31, 2022 was US$1.2 million (2021: US$0.4 million).




                                                          204
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
  (a) Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose itself to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
      Group’s overall financial risk management program, mainly carried out by a central treasury department and
      approved by the Board of Directors, focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
      potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


      The Group’s primary exposures to market risk are interest rate risk associated with variable rate borrowings and
      foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with the Group’s operations. The Group has a policy aimed at
      managing interest rate risk associated with its current and anticipated future borrowings and foreign currency
      exchange rate risk associated with operations of its foreign subsidiaries. This policy enables the Group to use any
      combination of interest rate swaps, futures, options, caps, forward contracts and similar instruments. The Group
      does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes and does not enter into derivative transactions that
      would be considered speculative positions.

      (i)   Market risk
            Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates
            and foreign currency exchange rates.


            Interest rate risk
            The Group’s primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with its variable rate borrowings
            for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management monitors interest rate exposures and will
            consider hedging significant interest rate risk should the need arise.


            The Group held US$186 million and HK$13.82 billion (US$1.77 billion) of variable rate borrowings as at
            December 31, 2022 (2021: US$71 million and HK$5.31 billion (US$681 million based on exchange rates on
            December 31, 2021)).


            A hypothetical 100 basis points change in interest rates would cause the annual interest expense of the
            variable rate long-term borrowings to change by US$20 million (2021: US$7 million).


            Foreign exchange risk
            During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group held derivative financial instruments which
            consisted of foreign currency swap contracts. Refer to Note 23 for further information.




                                                        205
                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)
            The Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                        HK$         US$         MOP         RMB        Other       Total
                                                                               In US$ millions
             At December 31, 2022
             Financial assets
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other receivables, net             61          6           26           —           —         93
             Restricted bank deposit                      —           —          125           —           —        125
             Restricted cash and
               cash equivalents                          —            —          912          —            —        912
             Cash and cash equivalents                  239          485          52          14           —        790
             Deposits                                     1           —            1          —            —          2

                                                        301          491       1,116          14           —       1,922

             Fair value through profit or loss:
             Derivative financial instrument              —            1          —            —           —          1

             Total financial assets                     301          492       1,116          14           —       1,923

             Financial liabilities
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other payables                   306         171          253           2           —         732
             Borrowings                                   5      10,049          127           —           —      10,181

                                                        311      10,220          380            2          —      10,913

             Fair value through other
               comprehensive income:
             Derivative financial instrument              —            3          —            —           —          3

             Total financial liabilities                311      10,223          380            2          —      10,916




                                                        206
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (i)   Market risk (continued)
            Foreign exchange risk (continued)

                                                       HK$          US$        MOP         RMB       Other        Total
                                                                              In US$ millions
             At December 31, 2021
             Financial assets
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other receivables, net           111           4          14          —           —          129
             Restricted cash and
               cash equivalents                          —           —           16          —           —           16
             Cash and cash equivalents                  532          76          57          11          2          678
             Deposits                                     1          —            1          —           —            2

                                                        644          80          88          11            2        825

             Fair value through other
               comprehensive income:
             Derivative financial instruments            —            2          —           —           —             2

             Total financial assets                     644          82          88          11            2        827

             Financial liabilities
             Amortized costs:
             Trade and other payables                   380         121         359           3          —          863
             Borrowings                                   9       7,822         132           1          —        7,964

             Total financial liabilities                389       7,943         491           4          —        8,827


            The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate risk arising from future commercial transactions and recognizes
            assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than MOP, which is the functional currency of the major
            operating companies within the Group. The Group’s foreign currency transactions are mainly denominated
            in US$. For companies with MOP as their functional currency, as at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1%
            weakening of the US$/MOP exchange rate would cause a foreign currency transaction loss of approximately
            US$57 million, net of the impact from the foreign currency swap agreements entered into in 2021 (2021:
            US$53 million), mainly as a result of the translation of US$ denominated debt held by SCL (2021: same). The
            MOP is pegged to the HK$ and the HK$ is pegged to the US$ (within a narrow range), therefore the Group
            does not expect fluctuations in the values of these currencies to have a material impact on the operations.




                                                       207
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (ii)   Credit risk
             The Group is potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk from financial instruments, which consist
             principally of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank deposit and
             trade and other receivables.


             The Group maintains cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank
             deposit with various creditworthy financial institutions and trade receivables with its customers. Management
             monitors this credit risk on an on-going basis and does not believe that the Group has any other significant
             exposure to any individual or institution not provided for as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 16 for
             details of credit risk related to trade receivables.

      (iii) Liquidity risk
             Liquidity risk is the financial risk arising from the difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial
             liabilities settled by cash or other financial assets.


             The 2018 SCL Credit Facility, as amended, contains various financial covenants, which include maintaining
             a maximum leverage ratio or net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA, as defined.
             In November 2022, the Company extended the waiver and amendment request letter, pursuant to which
             lenders, among other things, waived the Company’s requirement to ensure the leverage ratio does not
             exceed 4.0x and the interest coverage ratio is greater than 2.50x, through July 31, 2023. The compliance
             with the financial covenants for periods beyond December 31, 2022 could be affected by certain factors
             beyond the Company’s control, such as the impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic, including current travel,
             quarantine and border restrictions occurring in the future. The 2018 SCL Credit Facility expires on July 31,
             2023; however, the Company believes it will be successful in extending the maturity date of the facility prior
             to its expiration and obtain additional waiver extensions (if needed). If the Company is unable to extend the
             maturity date or refinance the 2018 SCL Credit Facility, the Company would be required to seek alternative
             forms of capital to repay the outstanding balance.


             The Directors of the Company are of the opinion that, taking into account the Group’s available borrowing
             capacity and the Group’s cash flow forecast for the coming year, the Group will have sufficient capital to
             meet its cash flow requirements in the next twelve months from December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 1 for
             further information.




                                                         208
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (a) Financial risk factors (continued)
      (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
           The Group’s financial liabilities, based on the contractual undiscounted cash flows are as follows:


                                                                          In the          In the
                                                   Within the            second        third to          Over the
                                                    first year              year     fifth year         fifth year            Total
                                                                                   US$ in millions
             At December 31, 2022
             Senior Notes principal                          —                —             3,300            3,850            7,150
             Senior Notes interest                          346              346              773              320            1,785
             Bank loans                                   1,958               —                —                —             1,958
             Bank loans interest                             86               —                —                —                86
             LVS Term Loan(i)                                —                —                —             1,126            1,126
             LVS Term Loan interest(i)                       —                —               169               56              225
             Other borrowings                                 1                1               —                —                 2
             Lease liabilities                               14               16               20              291              341
             Trade and other payables                       630               31               32               39              732

             At December 31, 2021
             Senior Notes principal                          —                —             2,600            4,550            7,150
             Senior Notes interest                          306              310              823              464            1,903
             Bank loans                                      —               753               —                —               753
             Bank loans interest                             20               12               —                —                32
             Other borrowings                                 1                1                1               —                 3
             Other borrowings interest                       —                 1               —                —                 1
             Lease liabilities                               19               15               21              296              351
             Trade and other payables                       767               24               42               30              863

           (i)   Assumes the Company elects payment-in-kind interest in the first two years and hence capitalization of interest to the
                 principal.




                                                           209
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  (b) Capital risk management
      The Group’s primary objective when managing capital is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and
      services commensurately with the level of risk.


      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt (including current and non-current interest-bearing borrowings
      as shown in the consolidated balance sheet), net of cash and cash equivalents, and equity attributable to
      Shareholders, comprising issued share capital and reserves as disclosed in Notes 19 and 20, respectively.


      The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain the net debt-to-capital ratio
      (gearing ratio) at an appropriate level based on its assessment of the current risk and circumstances. This ratio is
      calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as interest bearing borrowings, net of deferred
      financing costs, less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated
      as equity, as shown in the consolidated balance sheet, plus net debt.


                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                                                        2022                       2021
                                                                                                        US$ in millions
        Interest bearing borrowings, net of deferred financing costs                                  10,047                      7,820
        Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                                 (790)                      (678)
           restricted cash and cash equivalents(i)                                                      (912)                       (16)

        Net debt                                                                                        8,345                     7,126
        Total (deficit)/equity                                                                           (700)                      888

        Total capital                                                                                   7,645                     8,014


        Gearing ratio                                                                                109.2%                      88.9%

      (i)   Restricted cash and cash equivalents of US$912 million as at December 31, 2022 was made available for use in early January 2023
            and hence included in the calculation of net debt.




                                                                 210
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
                                                                     December 31,
                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                     US$ in millions
   ASSETS
   Non-current assets
     Interests in subsidiaries                                       1,255             1,154
    Note receivable from a subsidiary                                9,549             8,651
    Other assets                                                        —                  2

   Total non-current assets                                         10,804             9,807

   Current assets
     Other assets                                                       1                —
     Other receivables and prepayments                                 77                57
     Restricted cash and cash equivalents                             289                —
     Cash and cash equivalents                                        474                12

   Total current assets                                               841                69

   Total assets                                                     11,645             9,876


   EQUITY
   Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders
     of the Company
     Share capital                                                      81                81
     Reserves                                               29(a)    1,319             1,854

   Total equity                                                      1,400             1,935

   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liability
     Borrowings                                                      8,099             7,820
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                    198              121
     Borrowings                                                      1,948               —

   Total current liabilities                                         2,146              121

   Total liabilities                                                10,245             7,941

   Total equity and liabilities                                     11,645             9,876


   Net current liabilities                                          (1,305)              (52)


   Total assets less current liabilities                             9,499             9,755


                                                   211
                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
  (a) Movements of reserves
                                                                                                                 Retained
                                                                   Share-based         Currency                 earnings/
                                         Capital         Share   compensation       translation       Hedge (accumulated
                                         reserve      premium          reserve           reserve     reserve       losses)    Total
                                                                                  US$ in millions
      Balance at January 1, 2021            106          1,498             58                (11)        —            200     1,851
      Loss for the year                      —              —              —                  —          —             (4)       (4)
      Fair value adjustment on
        cash flow hedge                       —             —               —                 —           (4)           —        (4)
      Other comprehensive expense
        for the year, net of tax              —             —               —                  (5)       —              —        (5)

      Total comprehensive expense             —            —                —                 (5)        (4)            (4)     (13)
      Exercise of share options               —            12               —                 —          —              —        12
      Transfer to share premium
        upon exercise of share options        —             5               (5)               —          —              —        —
      Forfeiture of share options             —             —               (2)               —          —              2        —
      Share-based compensation
        of the Company                        —             —                4                —          —              —         4

      Balance at December 31, 2021          106          1,515             55                (16)        (4)           198    1,854
      Loss for the year                      —              —              —                  —          —            (533)    (533)
      Fair value adjustment on
        cash flow hedge                       —             —               —                 —           (2)           —        (2)
      Other comprehensive expense
        for the year, net of tax              —             —               —                 (3)        —              —        (3)

      Total comprehensive expense             —             —               —                 (3)        (2)          (533)    (538)
      Forfeiture of share options             —             —               (3)               —          —               3       —
      Share-based compensation
        of the Company                        —             —               3                 —          —              —         3

      Balance at December 31, 2022          106          1,515             55                (19)         (6)         (332)   1,319




                                                           212
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                Place of incorporation
                                or establishment/
                                operations and                                          Particulars of
                                date of incorporation                                   issued share/         Effective
    Name                        or establishment           Principal activities         registered capital    interests held
    Directly held:
    Venetian Venture            Cayman Islands,            Investment holding           US$100                100%
      Development               June 21, 2002
      Intermediate Limited

    Venetian Concession         Cayman Islands,            Investment holding           US$100                100%
      Holding Limited           July 11, 2022

    SCL IP Holdings, LLC        United States,             Holder of trademark          US$527,802,937.56     100%
                                September 29, 2009           licenses

    Indirectly held:
    Cotai Ferry Company         Macao/Macao and            High speed ferry             MOP10,000,000         100%
      Limited                   Hong Kong,                   transportation
                                July 19, 2007                services

    Cotai Strip Lot 2 Apart     Macao,                     Hotel apartments             MOP6,498,900          100%
      Hotel (Macau)             October 27, 2008                                        MOP722,100            100%
      Limited                                                                           (preference shares)

    Cotai Services (HK)         Hong Kong,                 Business support services,   HK$749,025,708.72     100%
      Limited                   July 11, 2007                marketing and operation
                                                             of ferry business

    CotaiJet 1 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 2 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 3 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 4 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 5 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 6 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019

    CotaiJet 7 (HK) Limited     Hong Kong/Macao            Ferry leasing                HK$1                  100%
                                December 12, 2019




                                                          213
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                   Place of incorporation
                                   or establishment/
                                   operations and                                      Particulars of
                                   date of incorporation                               issued share/        Effective
   Name                            or establishment          Principal activities      registered capital   interests held
   CotaiJet 8 (HK) Limited         Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
     (Note (iii))                  December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 9 (HK) Limited         Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
     (Note (iii))                  December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 10 (HK) Limited        Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
                                   December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 11 (HK) Limited        Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
                                   December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 12 (HK) Limited        Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
                                   December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 13 (HK) Limited        Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
     (Note (iii))                  December 12, 2019

   CotaiJet 14 (HK) Limited        Hong Kong/Macao           Ferry leasing             HK$1                 100%
                                   December 12, 2019

   Cotaiwaterjet Sea Bridge 1      Hong Kong/Macao           Pontoon leasing           HK$1                 100%
     (HK) Limited                  December 12, 2019

   Cotaiwaterjet Sea Bridge 2      Hong Kong/Macao           Pontoon leasing           HK$1                 100%
     (HK) Limited                  December 12, 2019

   Sands Cotai West                Cayman Islands/Macao, Holder of hotel               US$1                 100%
     Holdings Limited              May 25, 2011            franchise agreement

   Sands Resorts                   Hong Kong,                Travel and tourism        HK$500,000           100%
     Travel Limited (Note (iii))   February 29, 2016           agency services

   Sands Resorts                   Hong Kong,                Transportation services   HK$1                 100%
     Transportation 1 Limited      January 30, 2019

   Sands Resorts                   Hong Kong,                Transportation services   HK$1                 100%
     Transportation 2 Limited      January 30, 2019

   Sands Resorts                   Hong Kong,                Transportation services   HK$1                 100%
     Transportation 3 Limited      February 4, 2019

   Sands Venetian                  Macao,                    Security services         MOP1,000,000         100%
     Security Limited              June 22, 2011

   Venetian Cotai Hotel            Macao,                    Human resources           MOP500,000           100%
     Management Limited            March 12, 2008              administration




                                                             214
                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                               SANDS CHINA LTD.


4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
                                         Place of incorporation
                                         or establishment/
                                         operations and                                                Particulars of
                                         date of incorporation                                         issued share/             Effective
      Name                               or establishment              Principal activities            registered capital        interests held
      Venetian Cotai Limited             Macao,                        Hotels, restaurants,            MOP200,000,000            100%
                                         November 11, 2004               shopping mall,
                                                                         and conference
                                                                         and convention

      Venetian Macau Limited             Macao,                        Gaming and other                MOP5,000,000,000          100%
        (Note (i))                       June 21, 2002                   related activities

      Venetian Orient Limited            Macao,                        Hotels, restaurants,            MOP100,000                100%
                                         February 2, 2006                shopping mall,
                                                                         and conference
                                                                         and convention

      Venetian Retail Limited            Macao,                        Mall management                 MOP1,500,000              100%
                                         June 15, 2007

      Venetian Travel Limited            Macao,                        Travel and tourism              MOP2,400,000              100%
                                         October 16, 2006                agency services

      Venetian Transportation            Macao,                        Transportation services        MOP25,000                  100%
        Services Limited                 January 7, 2019                 and other related activities

      Zhuhai Cotai Information           China,                        Outsourcing services,           US$800,000                100%
        Services Outsourcing             September 30, 2010              including information
        Co., Ltd.                                                        technology, accounting,
        (Note (ii))                                                      hotel management
                                                                         and marketing

      Zhuhai Hengqin Cotai               China,                        Outsourcing services,           US$2,000,000              100%
        Information Services             September 24, 2019             including information
        Co., Ltd.                                                       technology, accounting,
        (Note (ii))                                                     hotel management
                                                                        and marketing

   Notes:


   (i)      On December 8, 2022, the registered share capital of VML increased from 200 million patacas to 5.0 billion patacas to fulfill the
            requirements of the Gaming Law. As at December 31, 2022, 15% of VML’s issued capital is held by Mr. Sun MinQi (Dave), the managing
            director of VML, representing 15% of the voting rights and de minimis economic rights in VML. As such, SCL through VVDIL and Venetian
            Concession Holding Limited, indirectly hold the remaining 85% of issued capital, representing 85% of the voting rights and 100% of the
            economic rights in VML.


   (ii)     These entities are wholly foreign owned enterprises established in China.


   (iii)    These entities are under the process of dissolution.




                                                                      215
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                          4.4 FINANCIAL SUMMARY




CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                   2018                2019           2020                      2021                 2022
                                                                                US$ in millions
 Net revenues                                     8,665               8,808                1,687                2,874               1,605


 Operating profit/(loss)                          2,154               2,275               (1,239)                (537)             (1,163)


 Profit/(loss) before income tax                  1,868               2,033               (1,507)              (1,045)             (1,588)
 Income tax benefit/(expense)                         7                  —                    (16)                 (3)                  6

 Profit/(loss) for the year
   attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                 1,875               2,033               (1,523)              (1,048)             (1,582)


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                               December 31,
                                                   2018                2019               2020                  2021                 2022
                                                                               US$ in millions
 Assets
 Non-current assets                               8,878               9,053                9,466                9,202               8,695
 Current assets                                   3,180               3,047                1,082                  892               1,867

 Total assets                                    12,058              12,100              10,548               10,094               10,562


 Equity and liabilities
 Equity/(deficit)                                 4,409               4,446                1,929                  888                (700)

 Non-current liabilities                          5,706               5,756                7,205                8,112               8,391
 Current liabilities                              1,943               1,898                1,414                1,094               2,871

 Total liabilities                                7,649               7,654                8,619                9,206              11,262

 Total equity and liabilities                    12,058              12,100              10,548               10,094               10,562


Note: The Group adopted IFRS 16 in 2019 under the modified retrospective approach and the comparative information for the year ended December
      31, 2018 previously presented under IAS 17 was not restated.




                                                                     216
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                 5. CORPORATE INFORMATION
                                             (as at the Latest Practicable Date)




DIRECTORS                                                       REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN
Executive Directors                                             ISLANDS
Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein                                       Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
  (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)           One Nexus Way
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                               Camana Bay
  (President)                                                   Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant                                       Cayman Islands
  (Chief Operating Officer)
                                                                PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Non-Executive Director                                          AND HEAD OFFICE IN MACAO
Mr. Charles Daniel Forman                                       The Venetian Macao
                                                                Executive Offices — L2
Independent Non-Executive Directors                             Estrada da Baía de Nossa Senhora da Esperança
Ms. Chiang Yun                                                  Taipa, Macao
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung                                       HONG KONG
                                                                5/F, Manulife Place
BOARD COMMITTEES                                                348 Kwun Tong Road
Audit Committee                                                 Kowloon, Hong Kong
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink (Chairman)
Ms. Chiang Yun                                                  CAYMAN ISLANDS
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser                                     PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                                Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
Remuneration Committee                                          One Nexus Way
Mr. Steven Zygmunt Strasser (Chairman)                          Camana Bay
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                  Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                               Cayman Islands

Nomination Committee                                            HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
Mr. Robert Glen Goldstein (Chairman)                            REGISTRAR
Ms. Chiang Yun                                                  Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                  Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                                Hopewell Centre
Capex Committee                                                 183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. Chum Kwan Lock, Grant (Chairman)                            Wanchai
Mr. Victor Patrick Hoog Antink                                  Hong Kong
Dr. Wong Ying Wai
                                                                PRINCIPAL BANKER
ESG Committee                                                   Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch
Ms. Chiang Yun (Chairlady)                                      Bank of China Building
Mr. Kenneth Patrick Chung                                       Avenida Doutor Mario Soares
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                               Macao

COMPANY SECRETARY                                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Mr. Dylan James Williams                                        www.sandschina.com

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                      STOCK CODE
Dr. Wong Ying Wai                                               1928
Mr. Dylan James Williams


                                                            217
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              6. CONTACT US




ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
This 2022 Annual Report is printed in English and Chinese languages and is available on our website at www.sandschina.com
under the Investor Relations section. Shareholders are encouraged to access our corporate communications by electronic means
through our website to help protect the environment.


Shareholders who have chosen or are deemed to have consented to receive corporate communications (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company by electronic means but, for any reason, have difficulty in receiving or gaining access to this
2022 Annual Report, may request to be sent a copy of this 2022 Annual Report in printed form free of charge by submitting
a written request to the Company c/o the branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited (by post to 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email to sandschina.
ecom@computershare.com.hk).


Shareholders may at any time change their choice of language or means of receipt of the corporate communications by
reasonable notice in writing to the Company c/o the branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited (by post to the above address or by email to sandschina.ecom@computershare.com.hk).


REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed on the following dates:

 Book Closure Period/Date              Purpose                                                 Final Lodging Time/Date


 May 9, 2023 to May 19, 2023           To determine the identity of Shareholders               no later than 4:30 p.m.
                                         who are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM          (Hong Kong time)
                                                                                                 on May 8, 2023


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
To be held on May 19, 2023. The notice of the AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, and the proxy form
will be sent to the Shareholders together with this 2022 Annual Report. The notice of the AGM and the proxy form will also be
available on the Company’s website at www.sandschina.com.


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Address:              Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:            +852 2862 8628
Facsimile:            +852 2865 0990
Enquiries:            www.computershare.com/hk/en/online_feedback


CONTACT US
Address:                 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Telephone:               +853 8118 2888
Facsimile:               +853 2888 3381
Email:                   scl-enquiries@sands.com.mo




                                                            218
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                              7. GLOSSARY




“2009 Equity Award Plan”        the equity award plan of the Company adopted by the Company pursuant to a resolution
                                passed by the Shareholders on November 8, 2009 (as amended on February 19, 2016)

“2018 SCL Credit Facility”      the facility agreement, the Company, as borrower, entered into with the arrangers and
                                lenders named therein and Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch, as agent for the lenders,
                                on November 20, 2018, as amended on March 27, 2020, September 11, 2020, July 7,
                                2021 and November 30, 2022, pursuant to which the lenders made available a US$2.0
                                billion revolving unsecured credit facility to the Company. On January 25, 2021, the
                                Company exercised the option to increase the Lenders’ Total Commitments (as defined in
                                the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) by HK$3.83 billion (approximately US$491 million at exchange
                                rates in effect on December 31, 2021)

“2018 SCL Revolving Facility”   a US$2.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility made available by the lenders under
                                the 2018 SCL Credit Facility entered into on November 20, 2018, as amended on March
                                27, 2020, September 11, 2020, July 7, 2021 and November 30, 2022. On January 25,
                                2021, the Company exercised the option to increase the Lenders’ Total Commitments (as
                                defined in the 2018 SCL Credit Facility) by HK$3.83 billion (approximately US$491 million
                                at exchange rates in effect on December 31, 2021)

“2019 Equity Award Plan”        the equity award plan of the Company approved by the Shareholders at the Company’s
                                annual general meeting held on May 24, 2019, and became effective on December 1,
                                2019

“adjusted property EBITDA”      adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-IFRS financial measure, is profit or loss
                                attributable to equity holders of the Company before share-based compensation, corporate
                                expense, pre-opening expense, depreciation and amortization, net foreign exchange
                                gains or losses, impairment loss on property and equipment, gain or loss on disposal
                                of property and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets, interest, gain
                                or loss on modification or early retirement of debt, fair value gain or loss on derivative
                                financial instruments and income tax benefit or expense. Management utilizes adjusted
                                property EBITDA to compare the operating profitability of its operations with those of its
                                competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. Integrated
                                resort companies have historically reported adjusted property EBITDA as a supplemental
                                performance measure to IFRS financial measures. In order to view the operations of their
                                properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including the Group,
                                have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of specific
                                properties, such as pre-opening expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted
                                property EBITDA calculations. Adjusted property EBITDA should not be interpreted as an
                                alternative to profit or operating profit (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash
                                flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance
                                with IFRS. The Group has significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures,
                                dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes,
                                which are not reflected in adjusted property EBITDA. Not all companies calculate adjusted
                                property EBITDA in the same manner. As a result, adjusted property EBITDA as presented
                                by the Group may not be directly comparable to other similarly titled measures presented
                                by other companies. In addition, our adjusted property EBITDA presented in the report may
                                differ from adjusted property EBITDA presented by LVS for its Macao segment in its filings
                                with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. For a quantitative reconciliation of
                                adjusted property EBITDA to its most directly comparable IFRS measurement, see “Note 4
                                — Segment Information”




                                                          219
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               7. GLOSSARY




“ADR” or “average daily rate”     the average daily rate per occupied room in a given time period, calculated as room revenue
                                  divided by the number of rooms sold


“Board”                           the board of directors of the Company


“cage”                            a secure room within a casino with a facility that allows patrons to exchange cash for chips
                                  required to participate in gaming activities, or to exchange chips for cash


“Capex Committee”                 Sands China Capital Expenditure Committee of the Company


“casino(s)”                       a gaming facility that provides casino games consisting of table games operated in VIP areas
                                  or mass market areas, electronic games, slot machines and other casino games


“Chief Executive”                 a person who either alone or together with one or more other persons is or will be
                                  responsible under the immediate authority of the board of directors for the conduct of the
                                  business of the Company


“chip(s)”                         tokens issued by a casino to players in exchange for cash or credit, which are used to place
                                  bets on gaming tables, in lieu of cash


“Code”                            the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules


“Company”, “our”, “we”,        Sands China Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman
  “us”, ”SCL” or “Sands China” Islands on July 15, 2009, the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
                               Exchange and, except where the context otherwise requires, all of its subsidiaries, or
                               where the context refers to the time before it became the holding company of its present
                               subsidiaries, its present subsidiaries. When used in the context of gaming operations or the
                               Subconcession or the Concession, “we”, “us” or “our” refers exclusively to VML


“Company Code”                    the Company’s own securities trading code for securities transactions by the Directors and
                                  relevant employees


“Concession” or “Concession       the Concession Contract dated December 16, 2022 for the operation of casino games of
  Contract”                       chance in Macao effective January 1, 2023, by and between the Macao government and
                                  VML


“Concessionaire(s)”               the holder(s) of a concession for the operation of casino games of chance in Macao


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, with respect to our Company,
                                  the controlling Shareholders as referred to in “Relationship with Our Controlling
                                  Shareholders” of our Prospectus




                                                           220
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    7. GLOSSARY




“Cotai”                the name given to the land reclamation area in Macao between the islands of Coloane and
                       Taipa


“Cotai Strip”          large-scale integrated resort projects on Cotai developed by us and inspired by the Las
                       Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.A. LVS has registered the Cotai Strip trademark in
                       Hong Kong and Macao


“COVID-19 Pandemic”    an outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) that was
                       identified in early January 2020. The virus has since spread rapidly across the world, causing
                       the World Health Organization to declare the outbreak of a pandemic on March 12, 2020


“CSL2”                 our subsidiary, Cotai Strip Lot 2 Apart Hotel (Macau) Limited, a public company limited
                       by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao on October 27,
                       2008, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that reverted to the
                       Macao government and that VML has the right to operate


“Deeds of Reversion”   the public deeds executed by each of VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 on December 30, 2022
                       pursuant to which each of VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2 agreed, pursuant to article 40 of
                       the Gaming Law and our Subconcession Contract, to revert to Macao the Gaming Assets
                       without compensation and free of any liens or charges upon the expiry of the term of the
                       Subconcession Contract, as amended by the Subconcession Extension Contract


“Deloitte”             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Public Interest Entity Auditor
                       registered in accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance


“DICJ”                 Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (“Direcção de Inspecção e Coordenação de
                       Jogos”) under the Secretary for Economy and Finance of Macao


“Director(s)”          member(s) of the board of directors of the Company


“DOJ”                  the United States Department of Justice


“EBITDA”               earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization


“ESG”                  Environmental, Social and Governance


“ESG Committee”        Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company


“Exchange Rate”        save as otherwise stated, amounts denominated in U.S. dollars, Macao patacas and Hong
                       Kong dollars have been converted at the exchange rate on December 31, 2022, for the
                       purposes of illustration only, in this Annual Report at:
                       US$1.00: HK$7.7962
                       US$1.00: MOP 8.0301
                       HK$1.00: MOP1.03




                                                 221
                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                               7. GLOSSARY




“FCPA”                            the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended


“Four Seasons Macao”              the Four Seasons Hotel Macau, Cotai Strip, which is managed and operated by FS Macau
                                  Lda., an affiliate of Four Seasons Hotels Limited


“Galaxy”                          Galaxy Casino, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“gaming area(s)”                  a gaming facility that provides casino games consisting of table games operated in VIP areas
                                  or mass market areas, electronic games, slot machines and other casino games, including
                                  gaming supporting areas


“Gaming Assets”                   a total area of approximately 136,000 square meters of casinos, gaming areas and gaming
                                  support areas located at the Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao, The Parisian Macao, The
                                  Plaza Macao and The Londoner Macao, and gaming equipment located therein


“Gaming Law”                      the Law No. 16/2001 (the Juridical System for Operation of Casino Games of Chance), as
                                  amended by the Law No. 7/2022


“gaming promoter(s)”              individuals or corporations licensed by and registered with the Macao government to
                                  promote games of fortune and chance to patrons, through the arrangement of certain
                                  services, including extension of credit (regulated by Law No. 5/2004), transportation,
                                  accommodation, dining and entertainment, whose activity is regulated by Law No.
                                  16/2022 and Administrative Regulation No. 55/2022


“GLA”                             gross leasable area


“GLOA”                            gross leasable occupied area


“Global Offering”                 the offer of Shares in the Company by subscription for cash at HK$10.38 on November 30,
                                  2009 and subject to the terms outlined in the Prospectus


“Greater Bay Area”                a megalopolis, also known as the Pearl River Delta, consisting of nine cities in Guangdong
                                  Province of South China namely Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Foshan, Dongguan,
                                  Zhongshan, Jiangmen, Huizhou, and Zhaoqing, and two special administrative regions
                                  namely Hong Kong and Macao


“Greater Bay Area Initiative(s)” a policy initiative introduced in China’s 13th five-year plan (2016–2020) to promote the
                                 development of the Pearl River Delta region via economic and social integration of eleven
                                 cities in the Greater Bay Area (the most affluent and populous area in China) so that they
                                 can better leverage their competitive advantages in the global economy




                                                           222
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                         7. GLOSSARY




“Group”                     the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time


“Handover Record”           a record executed between the Macao government and VML pursuant to which the use of
                            the Gaming Assets was granted to VML for the duration of the Concession


“HK$” or “HK dollars”       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“IFRS”                      International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
                            Standards Board


“integrated resort(s)”      a resort which provides customers with a combination of hotel accommodations, casinos or
                            gaming areas, retail and dining facilities, MICE space, entertainment venues and spas


“International Trademark    the international trademark license agreement dated December 2, 2022 entered into
  License Agreement”        among LVS, VML, VCL, VOL and CSL2, effective January 1, 2023


“Latest Practicable Date”   March 17, 2023


“Listing”                   the listing of the Shares on the Main Board on November 30, 2009


“Listing Date”              November 30, 2009, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commenced on the
                            Main Board


“Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as amended from time
                            to time)


“LVS”                       Las Vegas Sands Corp., a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A. in August 2004 and the
                            common stock of which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange


“LVS Group”                 LVS and its subsidiaries (excluding our Group)


“LVS LLC”                   Las Vegas Sands, LLC, a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“LVS Nevada”                LVS (Nevada) International Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“LVS Term Loan”             the intercompany term loan agreement dated July 11, 2022 entered into between LVS and
                            our Company, in the amount of US$1.0 billion, which is repayable on July 11, 2028


“Macao”                     the Macao Special Administrative Region


“Main Board”                the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which is
                            independent of and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock Exchange


“mass market player(s)”     Non-Rolling Chip and slot players




                                                     223
                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                     7. GLOSSARY




“Melco”                 Melco Resorts (Macau), S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“MGM Grand Paradise”    MGM Grand Paradise, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“MICE”                  Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions, an acronym commonly used to refer to
                        tourism involving large groups brought together for an event or corporate meeting


“Model Code”            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix
                        10 of the Listing Rules


“MOP” or “pataca(s)”    Macao pataca, the lawful currency of Macao


“Parcel 1”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 290,562 square meters described under Registration
                        No. 23225 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Venetian Macao has been
                        constructed


“Parcel 2”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 53,303 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23223 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Plaza Macao has been constructed


“Parcel 3”              a land parcel on Cotai totaling 61,681 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23224 by the Macao Property Registry, on which The Parisian Macao has been constructed


“Parcels 5 and 6”       land parcels on Cotai totaling 150,134 square meters, including 44,576 square meters
                        designated as a tropical garden, described under Registration No. 23288 by the Macao
                        Property Registry, on which The Londoner Macao has been constructed


“premium player(s)”     Rolling Chip players who have a direct relationship with gaming operators and typically
                        participate in gaming activities in casinos or gaming areas without the use of gaming
                        promoters


“Prospectus”            our Listing prospectus dated November 16, 2009, which is available from our website at
                        www.sandschina.com


“RMB” or “Renminbi”     Renminbi, the lawful currency of China


“Rolling Chip play”     play by VIP and premium players (excludes Paiza cash players) using non-negotiable chips


“Rolling Chip volume”   casino revenue measurement, measured as the sum of all non-negotiable chips wagered
                        and lost by VIP and premium players (excludes Paiza cash players)


“Rolling Chip win”      a percentage of Rolling Chip volume


“Sands”                 a land parcel in Macao totaling 26,082 square meters described under Registration No.
                        23114 by the Macao Property Registry, on which Sands Macao has been constructed




                                                 224
                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                             SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                        7. GLOSSARY




“Sands IP”                 Sands IP Asset Management B.V., a company incorporated in the Netherlands


“Sands Macao”              an integrated resort which includes gaming areas, a hotel tower, restaurants and a theater


“Sands Resorts Macao”      the name given to our integrated resorts on Cotai


“SEC”                      the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


“Second Trademark          the trademark sub-license agreement dated November 8, 2009 entered into between LVS
  Sub-License Agreement”   LLC and SCL IP Holdings, LLC, which expired on December 31, 2022


“Senior Notes”             senior unsecured notes issued by the Company or, where relevant, any or all of: (i) the
                           three series of senior unsecured unregistered notes in an aggregate principal amount
                           of US$5,500,000,000 issued on August 9, 2018, consisting of US$1,800,000,000 of
                           4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023, US$1,800,000,000 of 5.125% Senior Notes
                           due August 8, 2025 and US$1,900,000,000 of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8,
                           2028. Pursuant to an exchange offer launched on December 21, 2018 and which expired
                           on January 25, 2019, US$1,695,850,000 of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023,
                           US$1,786,475,000 of 5.125% Senior Notes due August 8, 2025 and US$1,892,760,000
                           of 5.400% Senior Notes due August 8, 2028, were exchanged for new notes that were
                           registered under the U.S. Securities Act, on January 29, 2019, and pursuant to the filing
                           of a Form 15F with the SEC on April 23, 2019, had their reporting obligations under
                           Section 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, terminated. The
                           US$1,800,000,000 of 4.600% Senior Notes due August 8, 2023 were fully redeemed
                           on September 24, 2021; (ii) the two series of senior unsecured unregistered notes in an
                           aggregate principal amount of US$1,500,000,000 issued on June 4, 2020, consisting of
                           US$800,000,000 of 3.800% Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 and US$700,000,000
                           of 4.375% Senior Notes due June 18, 2030. Pursuant to an exchange offer launched
                           on December 23, 2020 and which expired on February 2, 2021, US$796,938,000 of
                           3.800% Senior Notes due January 8, 2026 and US$697,375,000 of 4.375% Senior Notes
                           due June 18, 2030, were exchanged for new notes that were registered under the U.S.
                           Securities Act, on February 4, 2021, and pursuant to the filing of a Form 15F with the
                           SEC on March 26, 2021, had their reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the U.S.
                           Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, terminated; and (iii) the three series of senior
                           unsecured unregistered notes in an aggregate principal amount of US$1,950,000,000
                           issued on September 23, 2021, consisting of US$700,000,000 of 2.300% Senior Notes
                           due March 8, 2027, US$650,000,000 of 2.850% Senior Notes due March 8, 2029 and
                           US$600,000,000 of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031. Pursuant to an exchange
                           offer launched on July 7, 2022 and which expired on August 8, 2022, US$699,073,000 of
                           2.300% Senior Notes due March 8, 2027, US$649,621,000 of 2.850% Senior Notes due
                           March 8, 2029 and US$598,594,000 of 3.250% Senior Notes due August 8, 2031, were
                           exchanged for new notes that were registered under the U.S. Securities Act, on August 10,
                           2022




                                                    225
                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                            7. GLOSSARY




“SFO”                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                              Kong) as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                    ordinary share(s) in our Company with a nominal value of US$0.01 each


“Shared Services Agreement”   the shared services agreement dated November 8, 2009 and most recently renewed
                              on December 10, 2020, entered into between LVS and our Company to regulate their
                              relationship with respect to the provision of certain shared services


“Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of Share(s)


“SJM”                         SJM Resorts, S.A., one of the six Concessionaires


“Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Subconcession” or            the tripartite Subconcession Contract for the operation of casino games of chance or
  “Subconcession Contract”    games of other forms in Macao effective December 26, 2002 among Galaxy, the Macao
                              government and VML, which expired on December 31, 2022


“Subconcession Extension      means the amendment contract to the Subconcession Contract between VML and Galaxy.
  Contract”                   executed on June 23, 2022 for extension of the term of the Subconcession Contract from
                              June 26, 2022 to December 31, 2022


“Subconcessionaire(s)”        the holder(s) of a subconcession for the operation of casino games of chance or games of
                              other forms in Macao until December 31, 2022


“table games”                 typical casino games, including card games such as baccarat, blackjack and hi-lo (also
                              known as “sic bo”) as well as craps and roulette


“The Londoner Macao”          an integrated resort which features four hotel towers, consisting of hotel rooms and suites
                              under The Londoner Macao Hotel, Londoner Court, Conrad, Sheraton and St. Regis brands.
                              The Londoner Macao also includes gaming areas, Shoppes at Londoner, entertainment,
                              dining and MICE facilities


“The Parisian Macao”          an integrated resort which includes a gaming area, a hotel, Shoppes at Parisian and other
                              integrated resort amenities


“The Plaza Macao”             an integrated resort which includes (i) Four Seasons Macao; (ii) the Plaza Casino gaming
                              area operated by VML; (iii) the Paiza Mansions, Shoppes at Four Seasons, restaurants and
                              a spa, each of which are operated by us; and (iv) The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, which
                              features 289 luxury suites, except where the context indicates otherwise




                                                       226
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                             7. GLOSSARY




“The Venetian Macao”            an integrated resort which includes casino and gaming areas, a hotel, MICE space, Shoppes
                                at Venetian, restaurants and food outlets, a 15,000-seat arena and other entertainment
                                venues


“United States”, “U.S.” or      the United States of America, including its territories and possessions and all areas subject
  “U.S.A.”                      to its jurisdiction


“US$” or “U.S. dollars”         United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“U.S. GAAP”                     accounting principles generally accepted in the United States


“VCHL”                          our subsidiary, Venetian Concession Holding Limited, an exempted company with limited
                                liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 11, 2022


“VCL”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Cotai, S.A. (also known as Venetian Cotai Limited), a public
                                company limited by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on November 11, 2004, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that
                                reverted to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate


“Venetian Casino”               Venetian Casino Resort, LLC, a company incorporated in Nevada, U.S.A.


“VIP player(s)”                 Rolling Chip players who play almost exclusively in dedicated VIP rooms or designated
                                casino or gaming areas and are sourced from gaming promoters


“VIP room(s)”                   rooms or designated areas within a casino or gaming area where VIP players and premium
                                players gamble


“visit(s)” or “visitation(s)”   with respect to visitation of our properties, the number of times a property is entered
                                during a fixed time period. Estimates of the number of visits to our properties is based on
                                information collected from digital cameras placed above every entrance in our properties,
                                which use video signal image processor detection and include repeat visitors to our
                                properties on a given day


“VML”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Macau, S.A. (also known as Venetian Macau Limited), a public
                                company limited by shares (“sociedade anónima”) incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on June 21, 2002, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that reverted
                                to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate, one of the three
                                Subconcessionaires and the holder of the Subconcession until December 31, 2022, and
                                one of the six Concessionaires and the holder of the Concession effective January 1, 2023


“VOL”                           our subsidiary, Venetian Orient Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Macao
                                on February 2, 2006, a concessionaire of land that now excludes Gaming Assets that
                                reverted to the Macao government and that VML has the right to operate




                                                         227
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        SANDS CHINA LTD.


                                    7. GLOSSARY




“VVDIL”                our subsidiary, Venetian Venture Development Intermediate Limited, an exempted
                       company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 21, 2002


“VVDI (II)”            our immediate Controlling Shareholder, Venetian Venture Development Intermediate II, an
                       exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 23,
                       2003 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of LVS


“Wynn Resorts Macau”   Wynn Resorts (Macau) S.A., one of the six Concessionaires




                                               228
                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
  Stock Code: 1928
www.sandschina.com
