Annual
 AnnualReport
Annual  Report
       Report
         2019
         2019
          2019




Working
 Workingwith
          with
             Farmers
               Farmers
                     forfor
                         Farmers
                            Farmers
CONTENTS


SECTION                                                                     PAGE

Overview from the Chairman                                                       2
Five Year Financial Summary                                                      5
Directors                                                                        6
Shareholder Information                                                          7
Corporate Governance Report                                                    13
Consolidated Financial Statements                                              23
Statement of Accounting Policies                                               27
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                 36
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                   52
Company Directory                                                              56




This report is dated 27 August 2019 and is signed on behalf of the Board of Allied Farmers
Limited:




Mark Benseman                  Marise James
Chairman                       Director




                                                                                      1
OVERVIEW FROM THE CHAIRMAN

The Directors of Allied Farmers Ltd (“Allied”) (ALF:NZX) are pleased to report an audited net profit
before tax for the year to 30 June 2019 of $2.22m (2018 $2.44m). This is slightly below last year’s profit
which included a significant one-off recovery from the Asset Management Services Division. Excluding
the one-off items from the results the trading profit was slightly ahead of last years. However we also
acknowledge that trading conditions in the Livestock Business were more challenging. Despite the
slightly lower result, the company ended the financial year in a strong position, and the Board would like
to acknowledge the contribution of the staff in achieving this outcome.

The initiative that the Board is most proud of is a heightened focus on staff welfare. The Board was
pleased to support management proposals to implement a range of staff benefits, including health and
life/terminal illness insurances, driver alert technology and various health checks. Our staff are our most
important resource, and make the Allied Farmers Group the stable and successful business that it is
today. The Board is pleased to support our staff by facilitating their ongoing personal and professional
development, knowing that this will enhance the development and growth of our people-based business.

A number of other important corporate initiatives have been implemented which have materially
strengthened our business:
    • An oversubscribed capital raising in February/March 2019 which has increased our cash
        reserves;
    • A restructuring of the share register, which will reduce administrative costs, and has re-
        positioned the share price into a more normal range;
    • Improving the Board with the appointment of new Directors who bring a range of relevant skills
        and experience to the company;
    • Added management resource to support the growth expected in the business; and
    • A review of strategy and vision (see below for further comment).

It is also pleasing to note the improving trend in our financial results over the last five years (see
accompanying charts). Our revenue has grown steadily, and while EBIT has fallen slightly in the last
year, it too has shown an upward trend over the five year period.

Our balance sheet is also substantially stronger than it was five years ago, with very comfortable debt
levels, and is now well-placed to support our continuing growth and farming-focused diversification. We
enjoy a good relationship with our main funders and have well established banking relationships.

Earnings per Share (“EPS”) has declined in the last year, due to an increase in the number of shares on
issue (adjusted for the share consolidation which occurred in July of 2019) as a result of the capital
raising completed in March 2019.

Directors are confident that retained capital will drive further earnings growth.




                                                                                                         2
Operational Review

Our sole current operating business is a 66% shareholding in New Zealand Farmers Livestock (“NZFL”).

Livestock Trading

NZFL’s Livestock agency business faced a challenging year, with drought conditions affecting the
second half year, and the Mycoplasma bovis situation also having a major negative impact in some
regions and for some clients. While there has been a significant reduction in dairy conversion activity,
and indeed some conversion of properties back from dairy to other uses, sheep and beef has remained
relatively buoyant, with strong sheep prices and good red meat pricing.

We continue to grow the livestock agency business and are actively looking for and implementing
opportunities and innovations to reinforce our national presence in livestock trading.

Meat Processing

Our meat business performed ahead of expectations, with good volume growth, and much effort to bed
in aspects of that growth. Product pricing was generally solid, with skin prices markedly improved, and
the overall result benefiting from a moderately weaker NZD.

Finance

New Zealand Farmers Livestock Finance continued its impressive growth, and has benefited from the
experience and strong relationships we have within the livestock industry. Our finance offering is an
important part of our effort to provide enhanced services to our farmer clients, complements our livestock
agency business, and we believe has good potential for further growth as the sector undergoes a
quantum shift in the sources and availability of finance.

Digital

Our digital platform, MyLivestock, continues to grow its market penetration. This is an important part of
our business and will be developed over time to be more integrated into our business, supporting our
staff and assisting our farmer clients with their day-to-day needs.


Strategy and Vision

The Board and Management have spent
considerable time reviewing the
company’s vision and strategy.

The foundation for this comes from Allied
Farmers’ heritage as a long established
New Zealand owned company servicing
the rural sector, working with farmers for
farmers. This dates from 1889 when The
Egmont Farmers’ Union Limited was
established. This long history gives the
company a significant depth of experience and knowledge operating in the New Zealand rural sector,
and our focus will remain on this sector for the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                      3
More specifically the company has confirmed its vision:

   To be the major solution provider to agricultural producers, growing value for them and our
                                            investors.

The Board and Management are currently refining a number of strategic priorities that fit within this
Vision. Our goal is to assist our farmer clients to meet the emerging challenges and leverage the
opportunities that face New Zealand farmers daily. This includes changing market conditions, climate
change, bio-security challenges, changing consumer tastes and preferences, changing animal welfare
expectations, and expanding regulation. We see significant opportunities around effective deployment
and use of new technologies and information resources.

In keeping with this vision and the priorities, and recognising its sound financial position, the company is
actively investigating and seeking business opportunities that will enhance our service offering to the
New Zealand rural sector.

Allied Farmers has a positive outlook for the New Zealand rural sector. The UN forecasts that the
world’s population will grow to 9.7bn by 2050, approximately 26% above the current level. These people
will require feeding, and with growing income levels families will also desire more and higher quality
protein. New Zealand is well positioned to provide these products, with a reputation for providing high
quality, natural and wholesome food products.

There are challenges facing the New Zealand agricultural sector, including mitigating the effects of
greenhouse gas emissions and reducing the sector’s impost on the environment, but these challenges
can be successfully over-come with sensible policy development and appropriate changes to farming
and wider community practices. Agricultural products, and particularly dairy, meat and wool, still support
New Zealander’s expected living standards, and these products are a material, resource-efficient and
valued contribution to the global community facing the challenge of feeding the world’s growing
population.


Outlook for 2020

The challenges that have been evident in the livestock business over the last 12 months are likely to
remain in the near term. Global uncertainties are material. We continue to work at enhancing our
response, and to grow and develop our service to farmers, with a view to succeeding together. We
expect continued growth in our livestock financing business, and initiatives in the digital area will provide
further support to the core agency activity. We seek to challenge paradigms and add value within and
outside of Allied Farmers.

The start of the financial year has been steady, and we are confident that the strength of our business
model, our learnings and adjustments from recent years and the dedication of our staff position the
business well.




Mark Benseman
Chairperson




                                                                                                         4
The amounts shown in this Five Year Financial Summary have been extracted from the audited financial
statements of Allied Farmers Limited and subsidiaries for the respective years.




                                                                                                5
DIRECTORS
Mark Benseman - Chairman

Mr Benseman was appointed a Director of Allied Farmers Limited in October 2015. He is an
experienced manager and financial analyst, with over 25 years’ experience in the investment industry.
Mark is currently the Principal of Fraters Group in New Zealand and in the past had a role as a senior
analyst with ABN AMRO New Zealand, was Director and Head of Research with Citigroup Smith Barney
in New Zealand, and similarly with Merrill Lynch (NZ). Mr Benseman is not an independent director due
to the fact that an Associated Person is an Allied Farmers Substantial Product Holder. He has the
following qualifications: BA (Hons in Economics).



Philip Luscombe
Mr Luscombe was appointed a Director of Allied Farmers Limited in December 2005. He is an
experienced farmer with interests in dairy farms in Taranaki and Otago, and in farm forestry. He is a
Director of PKW Farms GP Limited, as well as a number of private companies. He is a trustee of The
Massey-Lincoln and Agricultural Industry Trust and a former trustee of the Massey University Agricultural
Research Foundation. He is a former director of Kiwi Cooperative Dairies Limited, Kiwi Milk Products
Limited, Dairy InSight and industry research company Dexcel. Mr Luscombe is an independent director.
He has the following qualification: BAgSci(Hons).

Andrew McDouall

Mr McDouall was appointed a Director of Allied Farmers Limited in October 1999. He is Managing
Director of investment banking group MSL Capital Markets, and a director of a number of private
companies. Mr McDouall is an independent director. He has the following qualifications: BCA, DipNZSE.

Marise James

Ms James was appointed a Director of Allied Farmers Limited in October 2018. She is a chartered
accountant and partner at Baker Tilly Staples Rodway in Taranaki, where she services agri sector and
professional services clients. She was a founding director of Fonterra Co-operative Group, and
directorships of FMG Insurance Limited, Landcorp Farming Limited and the TSB Bank. She has chaired
the Audit Committees of FMG and Landcorp. Her current governance roles include Chair of Firstlight
Wagyu NZ Limited, and directorships of EIDNZ Limited and the Taranaki Rugby Football Union. Ms
James is an independent director. She has the following qualifications: Member of Chartered
Accountants Australia and New Zealand; Fellow, Institute of Directors New Zealand (Accredited); and
F.C.A (Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand)

Richard Perry

Mr Perry was appointed a Director of Allied Farmers Limited in June 2019. He has a strong knowledge
and experience of the agribusiness, finance and technology sectors. He has previously held senior
finance and executive roles at the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, Landcorp Farming Ltd and Callaghan
Innovation and has been a Technical Advisor to the International Monetary Fund. He is currently a
member of the External Reporting Advisory Board and Director of Business Applications for Rocket Lab.
As an experienced company director he has acted for several company boards across the agri-tech,
property and food and beverage sectors including start-ups, mergers and established companies. Mr
Perry is an independent director. He has the following qualifications: B Com (Hons), F.C.A (Fellow of
Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand) and CTP (Certified Treasury Professional).

Note: Former Chairman and Director Garry Bluett resigned from the Board with effect from 27
November 2018.




                                                                                                     6
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
DISCLOSURES OF INTEREST

Pursuant to section 140 of the Companies Act 1993, the following changes in interests were disclosed
during FY19 (excluding directorships of wholly owned subsidiaries) in the Interests Register:

    Name         Entity                                           Relationship/Disclosure
    Marise       Baker Tilly Staples Rodway                       Partner
    James
                 Firstlight Wagyu NZ Limited,                     Chairperson
                 EIDNZ Limited                                    Director
                 Taranaki Rugby Football Union.                   Director
    Richard      Rocket Lab Limited                               Director of Business Applications
    Perry
                 External Reporting Advisory Panel                Member
                 Rural Advisory Group – Chartered                 Member
                 Accountants Australia New Zealand
    Andrew       McDouall Stuart Group Limited (in                Director of company placed in
    McDouall     liquidation)                                     liquidation 19.2.19


Except as disclosed above, and the removal of former director Garry Bluett’s interests after his
resignation in November 2018, there were no director details included in the Interests Register as at 30
June 2018, or entered during the year ended 30 June 2019, that have been removed during the year
ended 30 June 2019.

DIRECTORS’ SHARE TRADING AND HOLDINGS

Directors disclosed the following acquisitions and disposals of relevant interests in Allied Farmers
Limited shares during FY19 pursuant to section 148 of the Companies Act 1993.

    Director              Date(s)                            Details
    Mark Benseman         9 March - 13 September 2018        Sold 586,789 shares in 8 transactions
                                                             for total consideration of $47,684.98
                          24 September – 1 November          Sold 549,645 shares in 4 transactions
                          2018                               for total consideration of $40,392.26
                          26 March 2019                      Allotted 187,367 shares for $13,677.79
                                                             pursuant to Share Purchase Plan

As at 30 June 2019 directors, or entities related to them, held relevant interests (as defined in the
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013) in Allied Farmers Limited Securities as follows:

     Name                        Number of Shares and percentage of shares on issue*
     Mark Benseman               19,257,489 (10.79%)

     Philip Luscombe             1,295,566 (0.73%)

     Andrew McDouall             111,290 (0.062%)


* On 16 July 2019 Allied Farmers completed a one for ten share consolidation, and therefore the number
of shares actually held by these shareholders at the date of this Annual Report are not the same as
disclosed above.




                                                                                                        7
. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

                                             2019              2018              2017
                      Director
              Garry Bluett                 $20,834           $50,000            $81,458
              Philip Luscombe              $36,250           $28,000            $44,667
              Andrew McDouall              $29,250           $28,000            $46,760
              Mark Benseman                $42,000           $28,000            $31,208
              Marise James                 $27,500              -                  -
              Richard Perry                 $2,917              -                  -
              Total                       $158,751          $134,000           $204,093



The above table reflects what has been paid out by the Company. The $204,093 of directors fees
actually paid in FY17 included the cash payment of $55,292 accrued but unpaid from the previous year.
Shareholders approved a cap on directors’ fees of $332,000 p.a. at the AGM in 2007. This cap includes
all directors fees paid in relation to Group subsidiary companies as well as for the Parent. In addition to
the above payments, Oliver Carruthers, a director of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited received total
remuneration and benefits from NZ Farmers Livestock Limited of $212,531.91, and Simon Williams, a
director of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited and NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited, received total
remuneration and benefits from NZ Farmers Livestock Limited of $120,274.69. In neither case did this
remuneration and benefits include any director’s fees.



PARTICULAR DISCLOSURES

Bonds

020 Bond

Albany Braithwaite Holdings Limited, an Associated Person of Director Mark Benseman, is currently the
holder of 600,000 first ranking bonds issued in a $1 million bond issue on 9 October 2014 (“020 Bond”).
The 020 Bond maturity date is 30 September 2021.

030 Bond

Albany Braithwaite Holdings Limited was the holder of 150,000 second ranking bonds issued in a
$550,000 bond issued on 31 August 2016 (“030 Bond”). The 030 Bonds matured on 30 September
2018. Two bondholders, one of whom is Albany Braithwaite Holdings Limited, were repaid in full on
maturity date. The remaining two 030 Bondholders, holding 300,000 bonds agreed to extend the
maturity date for their 030 Bonds to 31 March 2019, at which time they were fully repaid.




                                                                                                      8
General

Except to the extent described above, no Director has entered into any transactions with the Company
or its subsidiaries other than in the normal course of business, on the Company’s normal terms of trade,
and on an arms-length basis.

No Director issued a notice requesting to use Group information received in their capacity as a Director
which would not otherwise have been available to them.

During the year the Company paid premiums on contracts insuring directors and officers in respect of
liability and costs permitted to be insured against in accordance with Section 162 of the Companies Act
1993 and the Company’s constitution.

20,547,829 new shares were issued on 26 March 2019 pursuant to a share purchase plan. No other
new shares were issued during the financial year.


EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
The number of employees whose remuneration and benefits were over $100,000 is within the specified
bands as follows:


Remuneration range                      2019          2018

100,000         110,000                 4               8
110,001         120,000                 5               1
120,001         130,000                 1               3
130,001         140,000                 1               1
140,001         150,000                 1               3
150,001         160,000                 1               3
160,001         170,000                 3               -
170,001         180,000                 2               1
180,001         190,000                 1               -
190,001         200,000                 2               -
200,001         210,000                 1               1
210,001         220,000                 -               3
220,001         230,000                 -               1
230,001         240,000                 1               -
240,001         250,000                 -               2
250,001         260,000                 -               -
260,001         270,000                 -               -
270,001         280,000                 -               -
280,001         290,000                 -               -
290,001         300,000                 -               -
300,001         310,000                 1               1
310.001         320,000                 -               -
320,001         330,000                 -               -
Total                                   24              28

The remuneration figures shown in the above table include all monetary remuneration actually paid, plus
the cost of all benefits provided, during the year. The table does not include independent contractors.




                                                                                                    9
SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS

The following notices were given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 up to the date of this
Annual Report*:

  Holder                                           Relevant Interest               Date
  Albany Braithwaite Holdings Limited              20,206,556 (12.48%)             5 April 2017
  Deborah Lee Seerup as beneficial owner           11,850,005 (7.34%)              22 February 2018
  via ASB Nominees as registered holder
  Stockmans Holdings Limited                       19,267,822 (12.104%)            4 December 2015


*The total number of issued voting securities of Allied Farmers Limited as at 7 August 2019, being after
the completion of a 1 for 10 share consolidation, was 17,854,729 ordinary shares. The ownership
percentages referred to above are as disclosed in the relevant notice as at the historic date of
disclosure, and may have changed as a result of the issue of further shares, or share transfers below the
threshold for filing a notice, subsequent to the date of the relevant disclosure. The holdings of significant
shareholders is disclosed below under the heading Twenty Largest Registered Shareholders.

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Directors of subsidiary companies as at 30 June 2019 were as follows:

Subsidiaries of the Parent                   Principal Activity        Directors
Allied Farmers Rural Limited                 Rural Services            M Benseman, P Luscombe, A
                                                                       McDouall, R Perry, M James
ALF Nominees Limited                         Nominee company           M Benseman
Allied Farmers Investments Limited           Asset Management          M Benseman, P Luscombe, A
                                             Services                  McDouall, R Perry, M James
Allied Farmers (New Zealand) Limited         Non-trading               M Benseman
Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Investments Limited
Allied Farmers Property Holdings Limited Non-trading                  M Benseman
QWF Holdings Limited                     Non-trading                  M Benseman
Lifestyles of NZ Queenstown Limited      Non-trading                  M Benseman
LONZ 2008 Limited                        Non-trading                  M Benseman
LONZ 2008 Holdings Limited               Non-trading                  M Benseman
Clearwater Hotel 2004 Limited            Non-trading                  M Benseman
Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Property Holdings Limited
UFL Lakeview Limited                     Non-trading                   M Benseman
5M No 2 Limited                          Non-trading                   M Benseman
Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Rural Limited
NZ Farmers Livestock Limited                 Livestock Trading         P Luscombe, M James, S Williams, M
                                                                       Benseman, O Carruthers
Subsidiaries of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited
Farmers Meat Export Limited             Meat Processing and            S Morrison, W Sweeney, P Luscombe
                                        Trading
NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited    Rural Finance                  P Luscombe, M James, S Williams
Redshaw Livestock Limited               Livestock Trading              D Freeman, A Hiscox, M MacDonald,
                                                                       W Sweeney




                                                                                                       10
DONATIONS

The Company made no donations to any political party during the year.

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
The ordinary shares of Allied Farmers Limited are listed on the NZX Main Board. The NZX share code is
‘ALF’.

The shareholder information in the following disclosures has been taken from the Company’s share
register at 7 August 2019.



TWENTY LARGEST REGISTERED SHAREHOLDERS as at 7 August 2019
                                                                 Total
 Rank   Investor Name                                            Units         % Issued Capital
    1   Stockmans Holdings Limited                               1,945,519               10.90
    2   Albany Braithwaite Holdings Limited                      1,925,749               10.79
    3   Deborah Lee Seerup                                       1,370,001                7.67
    4   Donald Clifton Jacobs                                      695,082                3.89
    5   John Drakley Moore                                         328,244                1.84
    6   Garry Charles Bluett                                       312,718                1.75
    7   Ronald Alfred Brierley                                     303,159                1.70
    8   Stuart David Hynes                                         273,897                1.53
    9   Ross Phillip Drew                                          268,737                1.51
   10   Fortune Capital Group Limited                              228,125                1.28
   11   Maurice Duncan Priest                                      200,237                1.12
   12   Jade NZ Limited                                            150,000                0.84
   13   James Field Seerup & Jeanette Elizabeth Seerup             142,312                0.80
   14   Lee Athol Wilson & Shirley Ann Wilson                      129,690                0.73
   15   Philip Charles Luscombe & Ainsley Jocelyn Luscombe         129,557                0.73
   16   New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited          127,029                0.71
   17   Omaio Investments Limited                                  119,655                0.67
   18   Arcos Investments Limited                                  116,000                0.65
   19   Custodial Services Limited                                 112,957                0.63
   20   Colin Stuart Loveday                                       110,000                0.62


ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDING as at 7 August 2019

    Range                    Holders       Holders %     Issued Capital      Issued Capital %
    1-1,000                    1,715           64.14           646,389                 3.62
    1,001-5,000                  546           20.42         1,361,125                 7.62
    5,001-10,000                 172            6.43         1,304,675                 7.31
    10,001-50,000                197            7.37         3,806,531                21.32
    50,001-100,000                22            0.82         1,538,689                 8.62
    Greater than
    100,000                        22            0.82        9,197,449               51.51



                                                                                                  11
SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES
Shareholders should send changes of address, dividend queries, and instructions and shareholding
information requests to Link Market Services Limited, which acts as the Company’s share registrar.


ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

Allied Farmers Limited’s Annual Meeting of shareholders is proposed to be held at the TET MultiSports
Centre, Stadium 62 Portia St, Stratford 4332, on Tuesday 26 November 2019 from 11am. A Notice of
Annual Meeting and Proxy Form will be circulated to shareholders prior to the meeting.



REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of Allied Farmers Limited is:

201 Broadway
Stratford 4332
PO Box 304
Stratford 4352

DIVIDENDS PAID
A fully imputed dividend of $0.002 per share (2018: $0.002) was paid to eligible shareholders on 18
January 2019.

NZX REGULATION WAIVERS
The Company has not sought or been granted any waivers in the 12 months preceding 30 June 2019.




                                                                                                12
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The objective of the Board is to enhance shareholder value, ensure that Allied Farmers’ businesses are
operated in a sustainable and ethical manner, and protect the health and safety of its staff. The Board
considers there is a strong link between good corporate governance and the achievement of this
objective.

The Board considers that its corporate governance framework complies with the 2019 NZX Corporate
Governance Code (NZSX Code), except as stated within this report. The exceptions arise because
aspects of the Code are either not relevant or appropriate for Allied Farmers given its size and that it is
primarily a holding company of shares in a majority owned subsidiary, NZ Farmers Livestock Limited.

The information in this report is current as at the date of release of this Annual Report and has been
approved by the Board of Allied Farmers.

The key corporate governance documents referred to in this report are available on Allied Farmers’
website at www.alliedfarmers.co.nz.

Allied Farmers is listed on the NZX’s Main Board and is subject to regulatory control and monitoring by
both the NZX and the Financial Markets Authority.

Principle 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour

Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold
management accountable for these standards being followed throughout the organisation.

Allied Farmers is committed to maintaining the highest ethical standards by Directors, staff, suppliers
and customers/clients. Allied Farmers has a Code of Ethics to guide executives, management and
employees in carrying out their duties and responsibilities. A copy of this is available on Allied Farmers’
website. The Code covers such matters as:

    •   Expected conduct;
    •   Confidentiality;
    •   Use of assets;
    •   Corporate social responsibility; and
    •   Acceptance of gifts

The Code of Ethics requires Directors and employees to promptly report material breaches of the Code.
In addition, Allied Farmers has adopted a Whistle Blowing Policy that sets out the processes by which
suspected serious wrongdoing can be reported, and the whistle blower is protected.

Allied Farmers has in place processes to enable all new and existing employees to be aware of and
understand the Code.

Allied Farmers has a Securities Trading Policy to explain expectations and requirements for dealing in
Allied Farmers securities, and to protect from the risk of breaching insider trading laws. A copy of this is
available on Allied Farmers’ website.

Details of Directors’ share dealings are in the Shareholder Information section of the 2019 Annual
Report.




                                                                                                         13
Principle 2 – Board Composition and Performance

To ensure an effective Board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge,
experience and perspectives.

The business and affairs of Allied Farmers are managed directly by the Board of Directors. The Board:
   • establishes long-term goals and strategic plans to achieve those goals;
   • reviews and adopts the annual budgets for financial performance and monitors results monthly;
   • ensures preparation of the annual and half-yearly financial statements;
   • manages risk by ensuring that Allied Farmers has implemented adequate systems of internal
     controls together with appropriate monitoring of compliance activities; and
   • works with management to create shareholder value.

Allied Farmers’ Board operates under a written Board Charter which sets out the structure of the Board;
the procedures for the nomination, resignation and removal of Directors; outlines the responsibilities and
roles of the Chairman and Directors; and identifies procedures to ensure that the Board meets regularly,
conducts its meetings in an efficient and effective manner and that each Director is fully empowered to
perform his or her duties as a Director of the Company and to fully participate in meetings of the Board.
A copy of the Charter is available on Allied Farmers’ website.

Management of Allied Farmers is undertaken by the executive team under the leadership of the Chief
Executive, through a set of delegated authorities.

Directors have direct access to and may rely upon Allied Farmers’ senior management and external
advisers. Directors have the right, with the approval of the Chairman to seek independent legal or
financial advice at the expense of Allied Farmers for the proper performance of their duties.

Board Composition and Appointment

The number of elected Directors and the procedure for their retirement and re-election at Annual
Shareholders’ Meetings are set out in the Constitution of the Company.

The Board reviews the criteria for selection of Directors to ensure the most appropriate balance of skills,
qualifications, experience and background to effectively govern Allied Farmers.

All directors are required to retire (though may be re-elected) not later than the third annual meeting
following appointment, or after three years, whichever is longer. Any Directors appointed since the
previous annual meeting must also retire and are eligible for election.

The Board currently comprises of five Directors: a non-executive Chairman and four independent non-
executive Directors. The Chief Executive is not a member of the Board.

The Board supports the separation of the roles of Chairman and CEO and the appointment of a non-
executive chairman. The Allied Chairman, Mark Benseman, is not independent because an Associated
Person is a Substantial Product Holder. The Board has determined that this relationship does not
compromise the ability for Mr Benseman to act as Chairman in an independent manner, and the fact that
all other directors are independent ensures appropriate independent oversight is exercised.

In order for a director to be independent, the Board has determined that he or she must not be an
executive of Allied Farmers and must have no disqualifying relationships as defined by the NZX Listing
Rules.

Information on each Director is available on the Allied Farmers website. Changes to Director’s interests
during FY19 are disclosed in the Shareholder Information section of the 2019 Annual Report.

Allied Farmers provides written agreements to new Directors in relation to their appointment.




                                                                                                          14
The Company encourages all Directors to undertake appropriate training and education so that they may
best perform their duties. This includes attending presentations on changes in governance, legal and
regulatory frameworks; attending technical and professional development courses; and attending
presentations from industry experts and key advisers. In addition, updates are provided to the Board on
relevant industry and Company issues.

At appropriate times the Board considers individual and collective performance, together with the skill
sets, training and development and succession planning required to govern the business. An evaluation
of Board skills, capability and experience was undertaken in March 2019.

Diversity

Allied Farmers recognises the value of diversity of thinking and skills that can be delivered by persons of
different backgrounds, sector experience, communication styles, life-skills and interpersonal skills. This
can arise through several different characteristics, including but not limited to the following; gender,
ethnic background, religion, age, marital status, culture, disability, economic background, education,
language, physical appearance and sexual orientation.

Given that Allied Farmers does not directly employee any staff, the Board has determined that the
compliance costs of adopting and reporting the outcomes of a formal Diversity and Inclusion Policy do
not outweigh any potential benefits of such a Policy, and therefore have decided to not adopt a formal
Diversity and Inclusion Policy. This will be reviewed if circumstances change.

As at 30 June 2019, females represented 20% (FY18: 0%) of Directors and 0% (FY18: 0%) of Officers of
Allied Farmers. Officers are defined as being the Chief Executive Officer and specific direct reports of
the CEO having key functional responsibility.



                                              Current Year          Previous Year

                                              Male      Female      Male       Female

                 Number of Directors          4         1           4          0

                 Percentage of Directors      80%       20%         100%       0%

                 Percentage of Officers       100%      0%          100%       0%




                                                                                                      15
Board Meetings and Attendance

The Board meets as often as it deems appropriate, including sessions to review the performance of the
business versus plans, and to consider the strategic direction of Allied Farmers and its forward-looking
business plans. Phone conferences are also used as required.

The table below sets out Director attendance at Board and committee meetings during FY19. In total,
there were 12 Board meetings and two Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings.

                                                     Board    Audit and Risk
          Total number of meetings                   12       2
          Garry Bluett (resigned 27/11/18)           5        1
          Andrew McDouall                            11       1
          Philip Luscombe                            12       1
          Mark Benseman                              11       2
          Marise James (appointed 1/10/18)           7        1
          Richard Perry (appointed 1/5/19)           1        0


Principle 3 – Committees

The Board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while
still retaining Board responsibility.

Audit and Risk Management Committee

The Board has delegated a number of its responsibilities to the Audit and Risk Committee to assist in the
execution of the Board’s responsibilities.

The Audit and Risk Committee reviews and analyses policies and strategies that are within its terms of
reference. It examines proposals and, where appropriate, makes recommendations to the full Board.
The Audit and Risk Committee does not take action or make decisions on behalf of the Board unless
specifically mandated by prior Board authority to do so.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as required and has a Charter which is approved and reviewed by
the Board. A copy of the Audit and Risk Committee Charter is on the Allied Farmers website.

Minutes of each committee meeting are forwarded to all members of the Board, who are all entitled to
attend any committee meeting.

The Audit and Risk Committee is empowered to seek any information it requires from employees in
pursuing its duties and to obtain independent legal or other professional advice.

The Audit and Risk Committee provides a forum for the effective communication between the Board and
external auditors. The Committee reviews the annual and half-yearly financial statements prior to their
approval by the Board, the effectiveness of internal control and management information systems and
the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit function.

The Committee must be comprised solely of Directors of Allied Farmers, have a minimum of three
members, have a majority of independent Directors and have at least one Director with an accounting or
financial background. The makeup of the current members of this committee complies with this
recommendation.

Members as at 30 June 2019 were Marise James (Chair), Andrew McDouall and Mark Benseman. The
Audit and Risk Committee Chair, Ms James is both an independent and non-executive director.

Management may attend meetings only at the invitation of the Committee and the Committee has
committee-only time with the external auditors without management present.




                                                                                                    16
The membership and performance of the Audit and Risk Committee was evaluated as part of the Board
performance evaluation.

Other Committees as Required

Due to the modest size of Allied Farmers, the desire to contain compliance costs, and the fact that Allied
Farmers Group has only two senior executives (being the NZFL Chief Executive and Chief Financial
Officer - neither of whom are members of the Board of Allied Farmers), the Board has determined that a
separate Remuneration and/or Nominations Committee is not required. The Board considers that the
purpose and roles performed by a separate Remuneration and/or Nomination Committee can be
appropriately performed by the full Board without compromising the probity of its decision making. The
Board has determined to review this decision from time to time, and in particular has agreed to form a
Remuneration Committee and/or Nomination Committee if the Board considers that, for reasons such as
ensuring independent and non-conflicted decision making, such a committee is necessary.

From time to time, other special purpose committees may be formed to review and monitor specific
projects with senior management.

In the case of a takeover offer, Allied Farmers will form an Independent Takeover Committee to oversee
disclosure and response and engage expert legal and financial advisors to provide advice on procedure.
A Takeover Response Protocol has recently been adopted.



Principle 4 – Reporting and Disclosure

The Board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness
and balance of corporate disclosures.

Allied Farmers’ Directors are committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material
information about the Company and its performance, in a timely manner. Allied Farmers has adopted a
Continuous Disclosure Policy to ensure that material information is identified, reported, assessed and,
where required, disclosed to the market in a timely manner. A copy of the Continuous Disclosure Policy
is available on Allied Farmers’ website.

In addition to all information required by law, Allied Farmers also seeks to provide sufficient meaningful
information to ensure stakeholders and investors are well informed, including financial and non-financial
information.

Financial Information

Senior Management are responsible for implementing and maintaining appropriate accounting and
financial reporting principles, policies, and internal controls designed to ensure compliance with
accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations, including relevant tax legislation.

The Board’s Audit and Risk Management Committee oversees the quality and integrity of external
financial reporting, including the accuracy, completeness, balance and timeliness of financial
statements. It reviews Allied Farmers’ full and half year financial statements and makes
recommendations to the Board concerning accounting policies, areas of judgement, compliance with
accounting standards, stock exchange, legal and tax requirements, and the results of the external audit.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2019, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have
been kept that enable the determination of the Company’s financial position with reasonable accuracy,
and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that Allied
Farmers’ external financial reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

Allied Farmers’ full and half year financial statements are available on the Company’s website.




                                                                                                      17
Non-financial information

The Board recognises the importance of non-financial disclosure. The Company monitors progress in
business sustainability as it seeks to actively improve the social and environmental characteristics of the
business. This is a goal to which the Company is strategically committed and which it incorporates in its
day to day operations. In addition, NZ Farmers Livestock invests in a range of social responsibility
initiatives that support staff, customers and the communities in which it operates

The Company considers that shareholders, and the investment market generally, should be promptly
informed of all major business events that influence the company, and to ensure compliance with NZX
Continuous Disclosure requirements.

The Company aims to manage its businesses in a way that will produce positive outcomes for all
stakeholders including the public, customers, team members, suppliers and shareholders.

Allied Farmers discusses its strategic objectives, and its progress against these, in the Chair and Chief
Executive’s commentary in shareholder reports, and at the Annual Shareholders Meeting. Allied
Farmers supports NZ Farmers Livestock’s commitment to using its resources responsibly, and
identification of opportunities to reduce any negative environmental risk or impact from business
operations, products and services.

NZ Farmers Livestock is also committed to providing fair and responsible products and services that
includes adherence to the Responsible Lending Code, the Responsible Credit-Related Insurance Code,
Insurance (Prudential Supervision) Act 2010 and various other Acts. Compliance is monitored through
periodic auditing and legal review, and senior management oversight of practices.



Principle 5 – Remuneration

The remuneration of Directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.

Remuneration of Directors and senior executives is the Board’s responsibility. In recent years, Allied
Farmers has only appointed one new senior executive – the Chief Financial Officer in March 2018. The
Board takes account of external market factors and internal factors in determining the remuneration of
senior executives. Allied Farmers has recently adopted a Remuneration Policy.

Director Remuneration

The total remuneration pool available for Directors has been fixed by shareholders at a maximum of
$332,000 per annum for all non-executive Directors. The Board determines the level of remuneration
paid to Directors from that pool. Directors also receive reimbursement for reasonable travelling,
accommodation and other expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties.

Allied Farmers may appoint additional non-executive directors in due course. The Directors’ potential fee
pool includes future directors’ fees and has been fixed.

Any proposed increases in non-executive Director fees and remuneration will be put to shareholders for
approval. If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to shareholders as part of the
approval process.




                                                                                                      18
Board Role Approved Remuneration

Directors’ fees are currently allocated by the Directors per annum as follows:

    •   Allied Farmers Ltd Chair - $50,000;
    •   NZ Farmers Livestock Ltd Chair - $45,000
    •   Audit and Risk Committee Chair - $40,000
    •   Other Directors appointed prior to 1 October 2015 - $33,000 plus retirement allowance after
        seven years of service; and
    •   Other Directors appointed after 1 October 2015 - $35,000 with no retirement allowance.

Details of individual Directors’ remuneration are detailed in the Shareholder Information section of the
2019 Annual Report.

Executive Remuneration

In general, executive remuneration comprises a fixed base salary and an at-risk short-term incentive
payable annually. At-risk incentives are paid against targets agreed with executives and are based on
financial measures including earnings targets and progress against objectives related to the strategic
plan and other personal objectives.

CEO Remuneration

The review and approval of the CEO’s remuneration is the responsibility of the Board.

The CEO’s remuneration comprises a fixed base salary, fringe benefits and an at-risk short-term
incentive payable annually. At-risk incentives are paid against targets agreed with the CEO, and are
based on financial measures including earnings targets and progress against objectives related to the
strategic plan and other personal objectives.



               Salary       Benefits        Performance       Staff        Total
                                            - Short term      Profit       Remuneration
                                            Incentive         Share
        FY19   $253,000     $9,539          $45,433.00        $248.78      $308,220.78
                                            being 76% of
                                            maximum
                                            achievable for
                                            FY18
        FY18   $250,000     $15,000         $43,332.00        $451.02      $308,788.02
                                            being 72% of
                                            maximum
                                            achievable for
                                            FY17




                                                                                                      19
Principle 6 – Risk Management

Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how
to manage them. The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes
that identify and manage potential and material risks.

The Board has overall responsibility for the Company’s system of risk management and internal control.
The Board delegates day to date management of the risk to the Chief Executive Officer. The Audit and
Risk Management Committee provides an additional and more specialised oversight of Company risks in
addition to the oversight provided by the Board. The Audit and Risk Management Committee’s Charter
details the specific responsibilities of the Committee in regard to risk assurance.

The Board is satisfied that major risks are reviewed and has recently adopted a Risk Management
Framework to identify areas of significant business risk, and implement procedures to effectively
manage those risks. The Risk Management Framework covers the following aspects relating to risk
management:

    •   Creating an operating risk compliance culture and accountability;
    •   Monitoring of operating risk and compliance policies;
    •   Training and support; and
    •   Reporting and review of a Top 10 risk matrix.

Where appropriate, the Board obtains advice directly from external advisers. Once a significant business
risk is identified, the Board is advised and action is taken promptly to mitigate and monitor or, if there are
benefits to be obtained, take advantage of these in addressing the risks.

Allied Farmers maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.
More details of Allied Farmers’ financial risk management are available in the FY19 Financial
Statements.


Health and Safety

Allied Farmers is a holding company and does not undertake any operations in the context of a health
and safety environment. Allied Farmers’ majority owned subsidiary, NZ Farmers Livestock Limited, and
its wholly owned subsidiaries are operational businesses, and the Board of Directors of NZ Farmers
Livestock is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety
risks are fit for purpose, effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved. The NZ
Farmers Livestock Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for the
operation of a successful business, and its intent is to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for
employees, contractors and customers.

NZ Farmers Livestock has adopted a Health and Safety Policy and a Health and Safety Handbook and
Policy Manual, continues to drive increasing focus on health and safety objectives, and holds regular
health and safety meetings for each saleyard at which it operates. Minutes of these meetings, health and
safety audits and all significant injuries are reported to the NZ Farmers Livestock and Allied Farmers’
Boards.




                                                                                                         20
Principle 7 – Auditors

The Board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.

The Allied Farmers Board is committed to ensuring audit independence, both in fact and appearance, so
that Allied Farmers’ external financial reporting is viewed as being highly objective and without bias.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee (ARMC) reviews the quality and cost of the audit
undertaken by the Company’s external auditors and provides a formal channel of communication
between the Board, senior management and external auditors.

The ARMC approves the auditor’s terms of engagement, audit partner rotation (at least every five years)
and audit fee, and reviews and provides feedback in respect of the annual audit plan. The Committee
periodically has time with the external auditor without management present. The ARMC also assesses
the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

An External Auditor Independence Policy has been adopted and sets out the services that may or may
not be performed by the external auditor.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2019, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) was the external auditor for
Allied Farmers Limited. The last audit partner rotation was in 2015.

All audit work at Allied Farmers is fully separated from non-audit services, to ensure that appropriate
independence is maintained. The only non-audit services provided by PWC subsequent to FY19 was for
tax advice totalling $2,000. The amount of fees paid to PWC for audit work in FY19 are identified in note
3 of the consolidated financial statements. At the 2018 Annual Meeting shareholders authorised the
Directors to fix the auditor’s fees and expenses for the ensuing year.

PWC has provided the ARMC with written confirmation that, in its view, it was able to operate
independently during the year.

Given the cost, PWC has not attended recent Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, but are available to do so if
requested. PWC are available by telephone during the meeting to answer any questions if required. In
recent years, there have not been any questions asked at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that have
not satisfactorily been answered or addressed by management or the Chairman. If circumstances
changed (for example, a complex or controversial matter was to be considered or presented to the
meeting) the PWC lead partner would be required to attend the meeting.

Allied Farmers has a number of internal controls overseen by the ARMC and/or the Board of either Allied
Farmers or NZ Farmers Livestock (as appropriate). These include controls for computerised information
systems, cyber risk and information security, business continuity management, insurance, health and
safety, conflicts of interest, and prevention and identification of fraud. The Company does not have an
internal audit function.




                                                                                                    21
Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights and Relations

The Board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with
shareholders that encourage them to engage with the issuer.

The Board is committed to open and regular dialogue and engagement with shareholders. Allied
Farmers seeks to ensure that investors understand its activities by communicating effectively with them
and giving them access to clear and balanced information.

Allied Farmers has a calendar of communications and events for shareholders, including but not limited
to:

    •   Annual and Interim Reports
    •   Market announcements
    •   Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
    •   Easy access to information through the Allied Farmers website www.alliedfarmers.co.nz
    •   Access to management and the Board via the “Contact Us” facility on the Allied Farmers
        website

Shareholders are actively encouraged to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and may raise
matters for discussion at this event, and may vote on major decisions that affect Allied Farmers. Voting
is by poll.

In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, Allied Farmers’ Constitution and the NZX Main Board
Listing Rules, Allied Farmers refers major decisions that may change the nature of the Company to
shareholders for approval.

All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the Company.



Exercise of disciplinary powers

No disciplinary action has been taken by either the NZX or the FMA against the Company during the
financial year ended 30 June 2019.




                                                                                                     22
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
Income
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
For the year ended 30 June 2019

                                                     Note
                                                                          Note
                                                                                       June      June
                                                                                       2019      2018
                                                                                       $000      $000

  Revenue
    Sale of goods                                                                     8,188     4,685
    Interest income                                                                     925       676
    Commission Income                                                                12,142    12,852
    Total Revenue                                                                    21,255    18,213
    Other income                                                                       111       470
    Total income                                                                     21,366    18,683
  Expenses
    Cost of inventory sold                                                            6,719     4,165
    Interest and funding expense                                                 2      599       594
    Rental and operating leases                                                         119       141
    Employee benefit expense                                                          7,757     7,667
    Depreciation and amortisation                                         11,12         635       546
    Other operating expenses                                                  3       3,316     3,135
    Total expenses                                                                   19,145    16,248
  Profit before income tax                                                            2,221     2,435

    Income tax expense                                                           5     (220)     (210)
                                                                                      2,001     2,225

  Total comprehensive income                                                          2,001     2,225

  Profit Attributable to:
  Owners of the Parent                                                                1,258     1,535
  Non-Controlling Interests                                                      8      743       690

  Total earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of the Parent Company:

    Basic (cents per share)                                                      4     7.58      9.51
    Diluted (cents per share)                                                    4     7.58      9.51

    The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  23
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
For the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                      Note       Share      Accumulated      Parent          Non     Total
                                                                 Capital       losses        Equity      Controlling Equity
                                                                                            Subtotal      Interests

                                                                    $000            $000         $000          $000     $000



Opening balance as at 1 July 2017                                151,779        (150,756)       1,023          797     1,820


 Comprehensive income
  Net Profit for the year ended 30 June 2018                           -           1,535        1,535          690     2,225

 Total comprehensive income                                            -           1,535        1,535          690     2,225


 Transactions with owners
  Dividends paid                                                       -            (323)        (323)         (273)    (596)
  Acquisition of Redshaw Livestock Limited                             -               -            -            17       17

 Total transactions with owners                                        -            (323)        (323)         (256)    (579)
Closing balance as at 30 June 2018                               151,779        (149,544)       2,235         1,231    3,466


 Comprehensive income
  Net Profit for the year ended 30 June 2019                           -           1,258        1,258          743     2,001
 Total comprehensive income                                            -           1,258        1,258          743     2,001

 Transactions with owners
  Dividends paid                                             7         -            (323)        (323)         (593)    (916)
  Sale of Shares in NZ Farmers Livestock Limited             8         -               -            -           (22)     (22)
  AFL Purchase of Small Parcels of Shares                    6      (261)              -         (261)            -     (261)
  AFL Shares Issued                                          6     1,500               -        1,500             -    1,500


 Total transactions with owners                                    1,239            (323)         916          (615)    301

Closing balance as at 30 June 2019                               153,018        (148,609)       4,409         1,359    5,768
   Refer Note 7

 The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                        24
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
As at 30 June 2019


                                                                                               Note                   June       June
                                                                                                                      2019       2018
                                                                                                                      $000       $000
Equity
  Share capital                                                                                       6         153,018       151,779
  Reserves                                                                                            7        (148,609)     (149,544)
 Equity attributable to owners of the Parent                                                                      4,409         2,235

  Non Controlling Interests                                                                           8           1,359         1,231

Total equity                                                                                                      5,768         3,466

Liabilities
  Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                                                            10         12,923       10,232
  Finance receivables borrowings                                                                       9          1,500        1,500
  Borrowings                                                                                           9            909        1,439
  Taxation                                                                                                           55          133
  Total current liabilities                                                                                      15,387       13,304

  Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                                                                                          9           2,884         3,551
  Total non-current liabilities                                                                                   2,884         3,551

  Total liabilities                                                                                              18,271       16,855

Total liabilities and shareholders equity                                                                        24,039       20,321

Assets
 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         21.1           2,301          569
 Trade and other receivables                                                                        16           11,449        9,367
 Finance receivables                                                                                16            4,710        4,619
 Inventory                                                                                          17              197          122
 Prepayments                                                                                        16                2           13
 Total current assets                                                                                            18,659       14,690

  Non-current assets
  Investments                                                                                                         5             -
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                       11          3,839         4,190
  Intangible assets and Goodwill                                                                      12            764           751
  Deferred tax asset                                                                                   5            772           690

  Total non-current assets                                                                                        5,380         5,631
Total assets                                                                                                     24,039       20,321


  The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

  The Board of Directors of Allied Farmers Limited authorised these financial statements for issue on 27 August 2019.




               Director                                                                                    Director




                                                                                                                               25
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
For the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                                             Note     June        June
                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                      $000        $000
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
  Cash was provided from:
   Receipts from customers                                                          18,362     17,806
   Interest received                                                                   925        553
                                                                                    19,287     18,810
  Cash was applied to:
   Payments to suppliers and employees                                              (15,238)   (16,108)
   Interest paid                                                                       (599)      (594)
   Taxation paid                                                                       (379)      (323)
                                                                                    (16,215)   (17,025)

  Net cash flows from operating activities                                    19     3,072      1,785

Cash Flows from Investing Activities
  Cash was provided from:
   Sale of property, plant and equipment                                                  -        73
                                                                                          -        73
  Cash was applied to:
   Increase in finance receivables NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Ltd                     (93)    (2,545)
   Acquisition of subsidiary/investment net of cash acquired                             (5)      (145)
   Purchase of shares in NZ Farmers Livestock Ltd                                       (22)         -
   Purchase of intangibles, property, plant and equipment                              (346)      (248)
                                                                                       (466)    (2,938)
  Net cash flows (used in) investing activities                                        (466)    (2,865)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities
  Cash was provided from:
   Share Purchase Plan                                                               1,500          -
   Drawdown of finance receivables borrowings                                        1,500      1,500
                                                                                     3,000      1,500
  Cash was applied to:
   Repay livestock trading borrowings                                                  (382)      (360)
   Repayment of vehicle finance borrowings                                             (265)      (472)
   Repayment of finance receivables borrowings                                       (1,500)         -
   Repayment of bond                                                                   (550)         -
   Dividends paid                                                                      (916)      (596)
   Share Repurchase of Small Parcels                                                   (261)         -
                                                                                     (3,874)    (1,428)
  Net cash flows from / (used in) from financing activities                            (874)        72

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            1,732      (1,008)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                         569       1,577

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                             2,301        569

The notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  26
Statement of Accounting Policies
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
For the year ended 30 June 2019


GENERAL INFORMATION

These Consolidated Financial Statements ("Financial Statements") have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on
27th August 2019.

The Board of Directors does not have the power to amend the financial statements after they have been issued.

Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries (together "the Group") are a "for profit" rural services group, with its predominant
activities comprising the sale of livestock agency services, the procurement and processing of calves and the provision of
livestock financing.

Allied Farmers Limited ("the Parent Company") is a limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. The
Parent Company's registered address is:

201 Broadway
Stratford
New Zealand

Allied Farmers Limited is a public company listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange Main Board (NZX code: ALF).

BASIS OF PREPARATION
The Group's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice
(NZ GAAP). They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS), and other
applicable Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate for profit-oriented entities. These financial statements also comply with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Allied Farmers Limited is a company registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is an FMC reporting entity under Part 7 of the
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the
requirements of Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.

The financial statements have been presented on the basis of historical cost.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with NZ IFRS requires the use of certain accounting estimates. It also
requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving
judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed
below.

The financial statements are presented in New Zealand Dollars which is the Parent Company's and Subsidiaries' functional
currency and the Group's presentation currency.

These financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis. The cashflow statement is presented on a net basis. This
basis has been preferred to gross basis to remain consistent with the revenue basis of presentation.

New Standards and Interpretations
A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 1 July
2018. Those which may be relevant to the Group are set out below with updated accounting policies as necessary.

NZ IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
NZ IFRS 15 applies to all revenue arising from contracts with customers, unless the contracts are in the scope of other
standards. The new standard establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. Under
NZ IFRS 15, revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in the
exchange for acting as agent in a livestock transaction or transferring goods or services to a customer.

The adoption of NZ IFRS 15 did not have any material effect for the Group, and no restatement to the prior year was made. The
Group’s major revenue streams under NZ IFRS 15 are the sale of livestock agency services and the procurement and
processing of calves.

To assess the impact of NZ IFRS 15 on the group, contracts within each segment were aggregated to create portfolios of
contracts. An individual contract from each portfolio was selected as being representative of each unique contract type. For
each contract type, the five step method was applied to assess the impact on revenue recognition.

The five step method for recognising revenue from contracts with customers involves consideration of the following:

      1. Identifying the contract with the customer:
      2. Identifying performance obligations;
      3. Determining the transaction price;
      4. Allocating the transaction price to distinct performance obligations; and
      5. Recognising revenue.




                                                                                                                                     27
The table below provides further information on the application of NZ IFRS 15 across the major segments in the Group.

COMMISSION EARNED

                                                                 Performance
Revenue type         Description            Key judgement                                Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                 obligation


                   Commissions made        Determining the
                                                                                         Point in time
Livestock          on facilitating a       distinct performance
                                                                                         Recognised at the point in time when
commissions earned livestock sale          obligation and
                                                                The performance          the sale is agreed by a vendor and a
on sales           agreement and on        whether the Group is
                                                                obligation is fulfilled  purchaser
                   grazing agreements      acting as an agent.
                                                                when the sale is
                                                                agreed. The Group is
                                           For forward delivery
                                                                acting as an agent as it
                                           contracts,                                    Point in time
                                                                doesn't have inventory
Livestock           Commissions made determining the                                     Recognised at the point in time when
                                                                risk and isn't able to
commissions earned on facilitating a       commission to be                              the sale is agreed by a vendor and a
                                                                set a price
on forward delivery forward livestock sale recognised due to                             purchaser. Due to the timing of these
contracts           agreement              the extended period                           contracts there is some uncertainty
                                           of time with these                            relating to the final commission.
                                           contracts
FEES EARNED

                                                                 Performance
Revenue type         Description            Key judgement                                Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                 obligation



                   RFID fees earned on                                                   Point in time
RFID scanning fees scanning of RFID                                                      Recognised at the point in time when
                   chips                                                                 the RFID chip is scanned
                                                                 The performance
                                                                 obligation is fulfilled
                                                                 when the stock are
                                                                 scanned, a sale is
                                                                 agreed within the
                     Fees earned on                                                      Point in time
Yard fees on                                Determining the      auction or when the
                     organisation of                                                     Recognised at the point in time when
auctions                                    distinct performance stock are weighed.
                     auctions                                                            a sale is agreed during auction
                                            obligation           The Group is acting as
                                                                 a principal as it is
                                                                 primarily responsible
                                                                 for the service
                                                                 rendered and is able to
                                                                 set a price
                                                                                         Point in time
                     Fees earned on
Valuation fees                                                                           Recognised at the point in time when
                     weighing of stock
                                                                                         the animals are weighed



SALES OF GOODS

                                                                 Performance
Revenue type         Description            Key judgement                                Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                 obligation


                                                                                         Point in time
                     Sale of bobby calf                                                  Recognised at the point in time when
Sales of meat                                                  The performance
                     meat                                                                the goods are available to the
                                                               obligation is fulfilled
                                                                                         customer
                                                               when the goods are
                                                               available to the
                                            No major judgement
                                                               customer at the meat
                                            required
                                                               work plant. The Group
                                                               is acting as a principal Point in time
                     Sale of bobby calf                        as it holds inventory    Recognised at the point in time when
Sales of skins
                     skins                                     risk.                    the goods are available to the
                                                                                        customer




                                                                                                                                 28
Variable consideration
Due to the extended time period between when the forward delivery contracts are agreed and when the forward contract settle,
there is an element of variability in the value of the contract and the commission earned to be recognised.

At each reporting period, an assessment is performed based on probability-weighted outcomes from a range of potential
outcomes to determine the appropriate level of revenue to be recognised. On settlement of the contract, the revenue is adjusted
to account for any difference between what has been recognised and the final settlement. At 30 June 2019, all forward delivery
contracts have settled and therefore the variable consideration has no impact on the revenue recognised.

NZ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
NZ IFRS 9 applies to the accounting for financial instruments, in particular classification and measurement of impairment and
hedge accounting. The adoption of NZIFRS 9 did not have any material effect for the Group and no restatement for the prior year
has been made.

The table below illustrates the classification and carrying amount of the Group's financial assets under IAS 39 and IFRS 9 on the
date of initial application.

       Group            Original Classification -     New Classification Category - IFRS 9          Original Carrying New Carrying
                                 IAS 39                                                             amount - IAS 39 Amount - IFRS 9
30 June 2019                                                                                               $000                 $000

Cash                   Loans and receivables                       Amortised Cost                                   569                 569

Trade Receivables      Loans and receivables                       Amortised Cost                                 9,367                9,367

Finance lease          Loans and receivables                       Amortised Cost                                 4,619                4,619
receivables

From 1 July 2018 the Group classifies its financial assets as being measured at amortised cost. Until June 2018 the Group
classified its financial assets as loans and receivables. There was no change in the measurement of these assets and
investments as a result of reclassification.

Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
Non derivative financial assets are classified and measured at amortised cost when the asset is held within a business model
whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows and those contractual cash flows consist solely of payments of principal
and interest on specified dates. Financial assets are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the
effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses.

For trade and finance receivables, impairment losses arise from expected credit losses. Trade and finance receivables are
recorded initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any
expected credit losses due to bad and doubtful accounts. The expected credit losses are based on management's assessment
of amounts considered uncollectible for specific customers or groups of customers based on age of debt, history of payments,
account activity, economic factors and other relevant information.

Impairment of Financial Assets
From 1 July 2018 the Group assessed on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in
credit risk.

The Group considers a broad range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring external credit losses, including
past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future cash
flows of the instrument.

For financial assets (excluding trade and other receivables), a distinction is made between:

    Financial assets that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that have low credit risk
    (“Stage 1”);
    Financial assets that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose credit risk is not low
    (“Stage 2”); and
    Financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date (“Stage 3”).

The term of the Group's financial assets is typically less than 12 months. Accordingly provisioning is based on borrower specific
factors in conjunction with any macro economic factors contributing to the definition of "significant increase in credit risk", whilst
also factoring in any cash flows from collateral held as security for the financial assets.

12 month expected credit losses are recognised for Stage 1 while ‘lifetime expected credit losses’ are recognised for the second
category. Measurement of the expected credit losses is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the
expected life of the financial instrument.

A significant increase in credit risk is defined as a significant increase in the probability of a default occurring since initial
recognition.

For trade and other receivables the Group makes use of a simplified approach, as permitted by NZ IFRS 9, and records the loss
allowances as lifetime expected credit losses from recognition. This is expected credit losses that result from all possible default
events over the life of the financial instrument.




                                                                                                                                               29
Finance assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indication that there is no reasonable
expectation of recovery includes, among others, collection procedures have proved unsuccessful, the occurrence of significant
changes in borrower’s position such that the borrower can no longer pay back the obligation, or that the proceeds from
collections and/ or insurance claims will not be sufficient to pay back the entire obligation.

New Standards and Interpretations Not Yet Adopted

NZ IFRS 16 Leases
NZ IFRS 16 Leases will result in almost all leases being recognised in the statement of financial position, as the distinction
between operating leases and finance leases is removed. The standard is mandatory for the Group from 1 July 2019.

Under NZ IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration. Under NZ IAS 17, a lessee was required to make a distinction between an
operating lease (off balance sheet) and a finance lease (on balance sheet). NZ IFRS 16 now requires a lessee to recognise a
lease liability reflecting the future lease payments and a ‘right-of-use’ asset for almost all lease contracts. The statement of
comprehensive income will be impacted by the recognition of an interest expense and a depreciation expense with premise rental
and vehicle lease equipment expenses removed altogether.

The impact for the Group will be primarily focused on the accounting for operating leases on properties rented. As at the reporting
date, the Group has operating lease commitments on rented property of $0.5m. Upon adoption, NZ IFRS 16 is consequently
unlikely to have a significant impact upon the Group’s statement of financial position and statement of financial performance.


To calculate the impact of NZ IFRS 16 as at 1 July 2019, being the date of adoption, management has assessed all property
lease contracts applying judgement as follows:

       the property lease term including potential renewals for which the group may have the right to exercise
       the incremental borrowing rate that is used to discount lease assets and liabilities

As a result of the calculations and the application of judgement, management is able to quantify the potential impact of NZ IFRS
16 based on the current property lease arrangements across the Group. Management expects that there will be an impact across
the following line items in the statement of financial position:

      Recognition of right of use assets of $0.5m and
      Recognition of lease liability of $0.5m

The expected impact across the following line items in the statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 30 June 2020
is estimated as follows:

      Increase in finance costs (recognised as interest expense) of $0.04m
      Increase in depreciation and amortisation expense of $0.08m
      Decrease in premises expenses of $0.1m

Estimates are subject to change at the time of adoption due to:

      Outcome of renewals under property lease agreements for the year ended 30 June 2020
      Changes to the existing lease arrangements
      New lease contracts entered into
      Finalisation of management's judgements
      Changes to borrowing rates

The implementation of NZ IFRS 16 has no cash impact to the Group as changes are limited to financial reporting requirements
only. The Group intends to implement the simplified transition approach as defined in the standard for the year ended 30 June
2020 and will not restate comparative amounts for the period prior to adoption.

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

The financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of the Group as at balance date and the results
of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.

Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when
the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.




                                                                                                                                        30
The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition
of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to or assumed from the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or
liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any
non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling
interest's proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree's identifiable net assets. The excess of the consideration
transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition date fair value of any previous equity
interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group's share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.


Joint arrangements
The Group applies NZ IFRS 11 to all joint arrangements. Under NZ IFRS 11 investments in joint arrangements are classified as
either joint operations or joint ventures depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group has
assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them to be joint operations. As joint operations, the Group
accounts for its share of the revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities.

Associates
Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control. Investments in associates are accounted
for using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method the investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying
amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investors share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of
acquisition. The Group's investment in associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition.

Business combinations
Business combination are accounted for using the purchase method. The cost of a business combination is an aggregate of the
fair value of assets purchased, liabilities assumed or incurred and any equity issued in exchange for consideration received.


OPERATING REVENUE AND EXPENSES

Sales of goods
Revenue from the sale of goods (primarily the sale of calf meat and skins) is measured at the fair value of the consideration
received or receivable, net of returns and allowances, trade discounts and volume rebates. Revenue is recognised when the
significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the
associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, and there is no continuing management involvement
with the goods.

Interest income and interest funding expense
Interest income and expense for all interest bearing financial instruments are recognised within "Interest income" and "Interest
and funding expense" in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income using the effective interest
method.

Finance income comprises interest income on Finance Business receivables and interest income on bank deposits. These are
included as part of revenue.

The calculation of the effective interest rate includes all fees that are integral to the effective interest rate. All fees except those
charged to customer accounts in arrears are considered to be integral to the effective interest rate. Fees charged to customer
accounts in arrears are recognised as income at the time the fees are charged.

Commission income
Commission income includes commission and other fees charged on livestock sales transactions. Commission income is
recognised on a net basis as the Group acts as an agent to the customer in facilitating the livestock sales. Fees income is
recognised on a gross basis as the Group acts as a principal to the customer in providing primarily the service. Judgement has
been exercised in determining that the Group are an agent as opposed to a principal in these transactions.

Commission income which is non-yield related is recognised on an accrual basis once the underlying service has been provided.
All fees and commission income are recognised within "Commission Income".

In some circumstances the Group acts as an agent in conjunction with another agent company. In these circumstances the
commission earned is shared. The cost paid to the sharing agent company has been netted off the commission received.

TAXATION

The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on the current period's taxable income based on the tax rate
adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.

Deferred tax assets or liabilities are determined using tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the balance
date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or deferred tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Any current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised directly in equity.




                                                                                                                                           31
FINANCIAL ASSETS

Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or
sell the asset.

The Group classifies their financial assets as loans and receivables.

The Group does not engage in any speculative transactions or hold derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to the cash flows of the assets have expired or the rights to receive the cash
flows of the assets and substantially all the risks and rewards of the assets have been transferred.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
original maturities of three months or less, and bank overdrafts. Cash equivalents are short-term highly liquid investments that
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

At initial recognition, the Group measures its financial assets at their fair value. The Group subsequently measures these at
amortised cost using the effective interest method less provision for expected credit losses.

INVENTORY

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on a Standard cost
basis, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing locations and condition
being the acquisition cost, freight, duty, and other inward charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

LEASES

Operating lease assets
A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership to
the lessee.

Finance leases
The Group leases certain assets where the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. These are classified
as finance leases. Finance leases are capitalised at the lease's commencement at the lower of the fair value of the leased
property and the present value of the minimum lease payments.

Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges. The corresponding rental obligations, net of finance
charges, are included in Borrowings. The interest element of the finance cost is charged to the consolidated profit or loss
statement over the lease period to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each
period. The assets acquired under finance leases are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the leased asset and the
lease term.

TESTING FOR IMPAIRMENT OF NON FINANCIAL ASSETS

Assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. In the case of goodwill, this is also impairment tested at least annually. An impairment loss is recognised for the
amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an
asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods, other than those related to goodwill, are assessed at each reporting date for any
indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists, and where the impairment loss may be reversed.

IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

The impairment assessment of the Group's finance and trade receivables is based on management's assessment of any
objective evidence of impairment on an individual basis which takes into account historical loss experience.

Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a
repayment plan with the Group.

The Group categorises a loan or receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments more than 180 days
past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to
recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                         32
Loans to customers
The Group uses three categories for loans which reflect their credit risk and how the loan loss provision is determined for each of
those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to external credit rating companies, such as Standard and Poor,
Moody's and Fitch.

A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group's expected credit loss model is as follows:

Category                                      Company definition of category                     Basis for recognition of expected
                                                                                                       credit loss provision
Stage 1 - Performing                          Loans whose credit risk in in line with original 12 month expected losses. Where
                                              expectations                                     the expected lifetime of an asset is
                                                                                               less than 12 months, expected losses
                                                                                               are measured at its expected lifetime.

Stage 2 - Underperforming                     Loans for which a significant increase in      Lifetime expected losses.
                                              credit risk has occurred compared to original
                                              expectations; a significant increase in credit
                                              risk is presumed if interest and/or principal
                                              repayments are 30 days past due (see
                                              above in more detail)

Stage 3 - Non-performing                      Interest and/or principal repayments are 60 Lifetime expected losses.
(credit impaired)                             days past due or it becomes probable a
                                              customer will enter bankruptcy
Write-off                                     Interest and/or principal repayments are 120 Asset is written off.
                                              days past due and there is no reasonable
                                              expectation of recovery.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Items of property, plant and equipment are stated at historical or deemed cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is
probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated profit or loss statement during the financial period in
which they are incurred.

Land is not depreciated.

All other property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight line basis at rates over their estimated useful lives, as
follows:

Asset class                                       Estimated Useful Life
Buildings                                         8 - 30 years
Plant and Equipment                               1 - 30 years
Motor Vehicles                                    3 - 15 years

The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance date.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amounts. These gains and losses are
included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill
Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in "Intangible Assets" and "Goodwill". Goodwill on acquisitions of associates
is included in "Investments in associates" and is tested for impairment as part of the overall balance. Separately recognised
goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill
are not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those generating
units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination on which the goodwill arose.


Software
Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific
software. These costs are amortised on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, which is estimated to be between
one and six years.




                                                                                                                                        33
Costs associated with developing or maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.
Costs that are directly associated with the development of identifiable and unique software products and websites controlled by
the Group, and that will generate economic benefits exceeding costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible assets.
Costs include the software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. Computer software
development costs recognised as assets are amortised on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives (not exceeding
three years).

TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

Trade and other payables relate primarily to the liability that exists to the vendor of livestock as a result of livestock sales on the
vendors behalf. Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest rate method.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Liabilities for wages and salaries, annual leave, long service leave and accumulating sick leave expected to be settled within 12
months of the reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date and are
measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

BORROWINGS AND BORROWING COSTS

Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at
amortised cost. Any difference between proceeds net of transaction costs and the redemption value is recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using the effective
interest rate method. As borrowing costs for Allied Farmers Limited are not for qualifying assets, Allied Farmers Limited
expenses all borrowing costs.

Borrowing costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the period in
which they were incurred.

Borrowings are classified as current financial liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.

GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (GST)

The operations of the Group comprise taxable and exempt supplies. All balances in the consolidated balance sheet are stated
net of GST with the exception of trade receivables and payables which are shown inclusive of GST, and fixed assets which may
be shown inclusive or exclusive of GST depending on whether or not the GST was recoverable at time of purchase.


Where goods and services are purchased that relate to exempt supplies, the amounts recognised are inclusive of non-
recoverable GST.

DIVIDENDS

Dividends are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are approved by the Board. Dividends that are approved after
balance date but prior to the financial statements being authorised for issue are disclosed as a subsequent event.

EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Group by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares on issue during the year.

Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Group has no category of dilutive potential ordinary shares.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The Group makes estimates and assumptions about the future in preparing their financial statements that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities. The actual results will often differ from the estimates made. Estimates and judgements are
continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect
on the amount recognised in the consolidated financial statements are:

      The assessment that there was no impairment of the goodwill in the Redshaw CGU ('cash generating unit') at 30 June
      2019. The valuation of the CGU is based on a discounted cashflow of management forecasts of future financial
      performance and therefore there is inherent estimation uncertainty. Assumptions made in the valuation and the underlying
      financial forecasts are detailed in Note 12 - Intangible assets and Goodwill.




                                                                                                                                          34
Other Judgements include:

    The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
    Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the
    Group's past history and existing market conditions, as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting
    period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 16.




                                                                                                                             35
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Allied Farmers Limited and Subsidiaries
For the year ended 30 June 2019


1.    Financial information on segments of the business

      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The
      chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board of Directors (The Board). The Board receives financial information for
      the three operating segments, being Asset Management, Livestock Services and Corporate.


      The Livestock Services segment relates to livestock sale activities, the financing of livestock sales, and calf procurement, processing
      and sales. These activities service a single customer base. The Livestock activities are influenced by seasonality. Livestock sales are
      normally stronger in the autumn season and calf sales traditionally occur mainly in the first half of the financial year.


      Corporate activities comprise the livestock services and corporate activities of the Group including the remaining activities of the
      holding company Allied Farmers Rural Limited.

      The Asset Management Services segment managed the assets previously acquired from Hanover Finance Limited, United Finance
      Limited and their subsidiary companies. The Asset Management Services activities are carried out by Allied Farmers Investments
      Limited and subsidiary companies. The Asset Management Services activities were completed during FY17 with the realisation of the
      remaining assets.

      The segment results for the year ended 30 June 2019 are as follows:


                                                                                              Asset
                                                                                           Management       Livestock                   Total
                                                                                            Services        Services     Corporate    Continuing
                                                                                              $000             $000        $000         $000

      Sales of goods                                                                                    -      8,189              -           8,189
      Commission Income                                                                                 -     12,141              -          12,141
      Other Income                                                                                      -        111              -             111
      Interest Income                                                                                   -        925              -             925
      Total Income                                                                                      -     21,366              -          21,366

      Cost of Inventory sold                                                                            -      (6,719)           -           (6,719)
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                     -        (635)           -             (635)
      Interest and funding expense (external)                                                           -        (504)         (95)            (599)
      Rental and operating Leases (external)                                                            -        (117)          (2)            (119)
      Employee benefit expense                                                                          -      (7,671)         (86)          (7,757)
      Net Other expenses (external)                                                                     -      (2,923)        (393)          (3,316)
      Profit/Loss before income tax                                                                     -       2,797         (576)           2,221

      Income Tax                                                                                        -        (220)           -             (220)
      Profit/Loss after Income Tax                                                                      -       2,577         (576)           2,001



      The segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                              Asset
                                                                                           Management       Livestock                   Total
                                                                                            Services        Services     Corporate    Continuing
                                                                                              $000             $000        $000         $000

      Current Assets                                                                                    -     16,181         2,478           18,659
      Non Current Assets                                                                                -      5,380             -            5,380
      Assets                                                                                            -     21,561         2,478           24,039

      Current Liabilities                                                                               -     (15,107)        (280)      (15,387)
      Non Current Liabilities                                                                           -      (1,884)      (1,000)       (2,884)
      Liabilities                                                                                       -     (16,991)      (1,280)      (18,271)




                                                                                                                                               36
    The segment results for the year ended 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                               Asset
                                                                            Management    Livestock                   Total
                                                                             Services     Services     Corporate    Continuing
                                                                               $000          $000        $000         $000

    Sale of goods                                                                    -        4,685            -        4,685
    Commission Income                                                                -       12,852            -       12,852
    Interest Income                                                                  -          676            -          676
    Other Income                                                                   451           19            -          470
    Total Income                                                                   451       18,232            -       18,683

    Cost of Inventory Sold                                                           -       (4,165)           -        (4,165)
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                    -         (546)           -          (546)
    Interest and funding expense (external)                                          -         (501)         (93)         (594)
    Rental and operating expense                                                     -         (139)          (2)         (141)
    Employee benefit expense                                                         -       (7,614)         (53)       (7,667)
    Net Other expenses (external)                                                   (2)      (2,634)        (499)       (3,135)
    Profit/Loss before income tax                                                  449        2,633         (647)        2,435

    Inter-segmental income                                                           -       (1,519)       1,519             -
    Income Tax                                                                       -         (210)           -          (210)
    Profit/Loss after Income Tax                                                   449          904          872         2,225

    The segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2018 are as follows:

                                                                               Asset
                                                                            Management    Livestock                   Total
                                                                             Services     Services     Corporate    Continuing
                                                                               $000          $000        $000         $000

    Current Assets                                                                   -       14,513         177        14,690
    Non Current Assets                                                               -        5,631           -         5,631
    Assets                                                                           -       20,144         177        20,321

    Current Liabilities                                                              -      (12,344)        (960)      (13,304)
    Non Current Liabilities                                                          -       (2,551)      (1,000)       (3,551)
    Liabilities                                                                      -      (14,895)      (1,960)      (16,855)

                                                                                          Note            Group          Group
                                                                                                           June           June
                                                                                                           2019           2018
                                                                                                           $000           $000
2   Interest and funding expense
    Borrowings - Other bank borrowings                                                                      167           197
    Borrowings - Finance Receivables                                                                        181           142
    Borrowings - Finance lease                                                                              156           137
    Borrowings - Bonds                                                                                       95           118
                                                                                                            599           594
3   Other operating expenses

    Included in other operating expenses are:
    PricewaterhouseCoopers - audit fees                                                                      140           104
    PricewaterhouseCoopers - direct expenses associated with the audit                                         7             6
    Directors' fees                                                                              20          159           141
    Contractors and consultants                                                                              190           282
    Information systems expenses                                                                              68            61
    Compliance costs                                                                                         122           103
    Loss on sale of fixed assets                                                                              24            59
    Insurance                                                                                                141           140
    Software and hardware maintenance                                                                         65            76
    Storage                                                                                                  217           138
    Marketing and advertising                                                                                381           408
    Telecommunications                                                                                       218           227
    Vehicle expenses                                                                                         774           676
    Other expenses                                                                                           810           714
                                                                                                           3,316         3,135




                                                                                                                          37
4   Earnings per share                                                                                                           June           June
                                                                                                                                 2019           2018
    (a) Basic earnings per share

    The calculation of basic earnings per share at 30 June 2019 was based on the following profit attributable to
    ordinary shareholders and a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, calculated as follows:

    Profit attributable to owners of the parent from continuing operations ($000)                                               1,258          1,535
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (thousands)                                                           165,987        161,505
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (thousands) after share consolidation adjustment                       16,599         16,151
    Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                             7.58           9.51

    (b) Diluted Earnings per share
    There are no dilutive instruments in 2019.                                                                       25
    Profit attributable to the owners of the parent from continuing operations ($000)                                           1,258          1,535
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (thousands)                                                           165,987        161,505
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (thousands) after share consolidation adjustment                       16,599         16,151
    Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                                           7.58           9.51

    Refer note 25 for details of share consolidation subsequent to balance date

5   Taxation                                                                                                                   Group           Group
                                                                                                                                June            June
                                                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $000            $000
    Current tax:
     Current tax on profits for the year                                                                                           301              369
    Deferred tax:
     Recognition of deferred tax asset                                                                                            (81)          (159)
    Income tax expense                                                                                                            220             210

    Profit from continuing operations before income tax                                                                         2,221          2,435
    Prima facie income tax expense at 28%                                                                                         622            682
    Plus/(less) tax effect of permanent and temporary differences:
      Non-deductible expenditure                                                                                                   14               9
      Timing differences                                                                                                          (32)             13
      Recognition of deferred tax asset                                                                                           (81)          (159)
      Use of Group tax losses                                                                                                    (303)          (335)
    Income tax expense                                                                                                            220            210

    Deferred tax balances:
    Opening balance                                                                                                               690               531

    Recognition of tax losses not previously recognised
     Deferred tax impact of temporary provisions                                                                                    5                28
     Recognition of tax losses                                                                                                     77               131
    Closing balance                                                                                                               772               690

    Deferred tax is made up of the following temporary differences:

    Deferred tax assets:
    Financial assets at amortised cost - Expected credit losses                                                                    13                 6
    Employee benefit provisions                                                                                                   154               156
    Tax losses expected to be recovered in future periods                                                                         605               528
                                                                                                                                  772               690

    Group unrecognised deferred tax assets comprised of unused tax losses as at 30 June 2019 total $43,530,255 gross (June 2018:
    $45,751,628).

    Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through future taxable
    profits is probable. The tax losses are available to be offset against the future taxable profits of the Group, subject to the shareholder
    continuity requirements of the tax legislation being met.

    As at 30 June 2019 the balance of imputation credits available to the shareholders of the Parent Company only were $112,341 (June 2018:
    $237,799).




                                                                                                                                                     38
6   Share capital                                                                                                             Group            Group
                                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                                               $000             $000
    Ordinary shares (fully paid)
    Balance at beginning of year                                                                                            151,779       151,779
    Cancellation of shares                                                                                                     (261)            -
    Issue of shares                                                                                                           1,500             -
    Balance at end of year                                                                                                  153,018       151,779

    Total                                                                                                                   153,018       151,779

                                                                                                                               000's           000's
    Number of shares issued and fully paid
    Balance at beginning of year                                                                                            161,505       161,505
    Cancellation of shares                                                                                                   (3,506)            -
    Issue of ordinary shares                                                                                                 20,548             -
    Balance at end of year                                                                                                  178,547       161,505

    The total number of shares on issue as at 30 June 2019 is 178,547,294 (June 2018: 161,505,350). Refer note 25 for details of share
    consolidation subsequent to balance date.

    Ordinary shares in the Parent do not have a par value. All ordinary shares rank equally as to voting, dividends and distribution of capital on
    liquidation.
                                                                                                                                2019            2018
7   Accumulated Losses                                                                                                        Group           Group
                                                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $000            $000

    Balance at beginning of year                                                                                           (149,544)      (150,756)
    Net profit for the year                                                                                                   1,258          1,535
    Dividends Paid (a fully imputed 0.2 cents per share was paid in January 2019)                                              (323)          (323)
    Balance at end of year                                                                                                 (148,609)      (149,544)

8   Non Controlling Interest                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $000            $000

    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                      1,231              797
    Current year profit                                                                                                         743              690
    Acquisition of shares in Redshaw Livestock Limited                                                                            -               17
    Allied Farmers Rural Limited purchase of shares in subsidiary NZ Farmers Livestock Ltd                                      (22)               -
    Dividend paid to Non Controlling Interests                                                                                 (593)            (273)
    Balance at end of year                                                                                                    1,359            1,231

    The subsidiaries that have Non Controlling Interests that are material to the Group are found in Note 13 of these consolidated financial
    statements. The summarised cash flows for the subsidiaries that have Non Controlling Interests are shown below.

    Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions - that is, as
    transactions with owners in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share
    acquired of the carrying value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-
    controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
                                                                                                                              Livestock Services
                                                                                                                                    2019       2018
                                                                                                                                    $000       $000
    Cash flows generated from operating activities
    Cash generated from operations                                                                                                  3,679      3,714
    Interest paid                                                                                                                   (504)      (500)
    Income tax paid                                                                                                                 (378)      (323)
    Net cash generated from operating activities                                                                                    2,797      2,891
    Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                                                         (466)    (2,865)
    Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                                                        (1,240)    (1,345)

    Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                       1,091           (704)
    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                               383           1,087
    Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                   1,474             383




                                                                                                                                                  39
9   Borrowings                                                                                                            Group            Group
                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                           $000             $000
    Current
    Bank borrowings - Finance Receivables (secured)                                                                        1,500          1,500
    Bank borrowings - Trading (secured)                                                                                      415            417
    Bonds (secured)                                                                                                            -            550
    Finance leases                                                                                                           494            472
                                                                                                                           2,409          2,939
    Non Current
    Bank borrowings - Trading (secured)                                                                                    1,560          1,940
    Bonds (secured)                                                                                                        1,000          1,000
    Finance Leases                                                                                                           324            611
                                                                                                                           2,884          3,551

    Bank borrowings - Trading
    NZ Farmers Livestock Limited borrowed $3,050,000 on 3 September 2013 from the ANZ Bank NZ Limited to part finance the acquisition
    of the sale yards purchased from Allied Farmers Limited. There were 3 loans secured by way of a first mortgage charge over the sale
    yards concerned. On 29 May 2018 the ANZ Bank NZ Limited reset the loan terms in the amount of $2,388,400 with the current interest
    rate on two of the the loans as at 30 June 2019 being the one month commercial loan fixed rate plus a margin of 2.15% p.a with the third
    incurring interest at 6.25% p.a. The loans are due for repayment on 6 September 2021. Principal reductions are being made at at
    $33,120 per month. The balance owing at 30 June 2019 is $1,974,930 (30 June 2018: $2,357,757).

    Overdraft Facilities
    NZ Farmers Livestock Limited has an overdraft facility of $1,000,000 which has not been drawn down as at 30 June 2019 (June 2018:
    Overdrawn $Nil). This facility has an interest rate being the commercial overdraft base rate minus a margin of 2.6% p.a. and is secured
    over the assets of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited and subsidiaries Farmers Meat Export Limited and NZ Farmers Livestock Finance

    A subsidiary, Farmers Meat Export Limited has, from 1 July 2019, an undrawn seasonal overdraft facility of $3,000,000 (2018
    $2,700,000) which is on demand. This facility has an interest rate of the commercial overdraft base rate minus a margin of 2.6% p.a.

    The creation of the Farmers Meat Export Limited facility has created the following additional securities granted in favour of the ANZ Bank
    New Zealand Limited - A cross guarantee between NZ Farmers Livestock Limited and Farmers Meat Export Limited, a first ranking
    General Security Agreement over the assets of Farmers Meat Export Limited, and a first ranking General Security Agreement over all the
    assets of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited.

    Bank Borrowings - Finance Receivables
    A subsidiary NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited has two on demand facilities of $3,000,000 (Bull Financing Facility) and $2,000,000
    (General Livestock Financing Facility). The Bull Financing Facility was not drawn down as at 30 June 2019. The on demand overdraft
    facility for NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited balance owing at 30 June 2019 is $2,000,000 (30 June 2018 Nil). This overdraft facility
    has been offset against cash balances in accordance with the facility agreement. The facilities have an interest rate of the commercial
    overdraft base rate minus a margin of 2.6%.

    A subsidiary NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited has entered into a new general financing livestock loan commercial loan facility of
    $1,500,000 on 20 June 2019. This is due for repayment on 30 June 2020 and has an interest rate of 3.45% p.a. as at 30 June 2019, plus
    an additional margin of 2.15% p.a. Principal reductions are being made at at $25,000 per month. The balance owing at 30 June 2019 is
    $1,500,000 (30 June 2018: $1,500,000).

    Both facilities are secured by way of a fixed and floating charge over the finance receivables and secondly, all other assets of NZ
    Farmers Livestock Limited and Farmers Meat Export Limited.

    Bonds
    Allied Farmers Rural Limited issued $550,000 of Bonds on 29 August 2016. The Bonds were secured by way of a second charge General
    Security Agreement over all of the assets and undertakings of Allied Farmers Limited and subsidiaries excluding NZ Farmers Livestock
    Limited and subsidiaries and a specific security over the shares held by Allied Farmers Rural Limited in NZ Farmers Livestock Limited
    plus a guarantee from Allied Farmers Limited and subsidiaries. The bonds had an interest rate of 7.75%. There were no specific financial
    covenants. The bonds were repaid on 31 March 2019.

    Allied Farmers Rural Limited also issued $1,000,000 of Bonds on 30 September 2014. The Bonds are secured by way of a first charge
    General Security Agreement over all of the assets and undertakings of Allied Farmers Limited and subsidiaries excluding NZ Farmers
    Livestock Limited and subsidiaries and a specific security over the shares held by Allied Farmers Rural Limited in NZ Farmers Livestock
    Limited plus a guarantee from Allied Farmers Limited and subsidiaries. The Bonds repayment date is 30 September 2021 and have an
    interest rate of a 450 basis point margin over the 4 year swap rate as at 30 September 2017 as advised in writing to the Allied Farmers
    Rural Limited by ANZ Bank NZ Limited, but not less than 6.50% per anum and not more than 7.50% per anum. At 30 June 2018 the
    interest rate on the Bonds was 7.3% p.a. There are no specific financial covenants.

    Borrowing Covenants

    ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
    The bank applies a financial covenant annually that the NZ Farmers Livestock Limited EBIT (earnings before interest and taxation) must
    be at least 3 times the interest cost expense. The Company has complied with this covenant throughout the year. In addition the Group
    must provide annual financial statements within 5 months after balance date and NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Limited has receivables
    concentration and arrears covenants commencing from 31 December 2019.




                                                                                                                                           40
     Finance Leases                                                                                                                Group           Group
                                                                                                                                    2019            2018
     Finance Lease Liabilities                                                                                                      $000            $000
     Lease liabilities are effectively secured as the right to the
     leased asset revert to the lessor in the event of default
     Gross Finance Lease Liabilities - minimum lease payments
     No later than 1 year                                                                                                           551             539
     Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                                                                    325             648
                                                                                                                                    876            1,187
     Future Finance Charges of Finance Lease Liabilities                                                                             (58)           (105)

     Present Value of Finance Lease Liabilities                                                                                     818            1,082

     The present value of finance lease liabilities is as follows:
     No later than 1 year                                                                                                           494             472
     Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                                                                    324             611
                                                                                                                                    818            1,083

     Finance Lease liabilities have arisen on the financing of the acquisition of motor vehicles. The Finance Leases provide for the ownership
     of the vehicle to remain with the Lessor and NZ Farmers Livestock Limited (the Lessee) has a commitment to pay monthly instalments.
     The security for the Finance Leases is the motor vehicle. The Lessee has also committed to meet further obligations relating to distance
     covered and condition of the vehicle on the expiry of the Finance Lease. Under the terms of the finance lease NZ Farmers Livestock
     Limited has the option to purchase in respect of motor vehicles held under finance leases.

10   Trade and other payables                                                                                                      Group           Group
                                                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                                    $000            $000

     Trade creditors                                                                                                             11,643            8,525
     Employee benefits, profit share and commissions                                                                              1,133            1,180
     Other creditors and payables                                                                                                   147              527
                                                                                                                                 12,923           10,232

     In the event of liquidation of the Parent, unless statutorily required otherwise, all creditors within this class will rank in priority ahead of
     shareholders.

     Employee benefits
     Employee benefit entitlements consist of holiday pay provisions and provisions for staff bonus payments. Holiday pay is provided for at
     contractual pay rates and is paid to staff in accordance with statutory terms as and when annual leave is taken during the financial period.
     Bonus payments are based on staff performance against key indicators and are paid within three months following the end of the Group's
     financial year.

11   Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                 Group           Group
                                                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                                    $000            $000
     Freehold land
       Cost at beginning of year                                                                                                   2,019           2,019
         Additions                                                                                                                     -               -
         Disposals                                                                                                                     -               -
       Cost at end of year                                                                                                         2,019           2,019

     Buildings
      Cost at beginning of year                                                                                                    1,041           1,030
         Purchases                                                                                                                     -              11
         Disposals                                                                                                                    (8)              -
      Cost at end of year                                                                                                          1,033           1,041

       Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year                                                                                (299)           (237)
         Depreciation charged to consolidated profit or loss statement                                                               (62)            (62)
         Disposals                                                                                                                     -               -
       Accumulated depreciation at end of year                                                                                      (361)           (299)

       Buildings net book value                                                                                                      672                742

     Motor vehicles
      Cost at beginning of year                                                                                                    1,729           1,412
        Additions                                                                                                                    340           1,139
        Disposals                                                                                                                   (283)           (822)
      Cost at end of year                                                                                                          1,786           1,729

       Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year                                                                                (532)           (835)
         Depreciation charged to consolidated profit or loss statement                                                              (520)           (387)
         Disposals                                                                                                                   180             690
       Accumulated depreciation at end of year                                                                                      (872)           (532)

       Motor vehicles net book value                                                                                                 914           1,197




                                                                                                                                                    41
     Plant and equipment
       Cost at beginning of year                                                                                              426            305
         Additions                                                                                                             46            131
         Disposals                                                                                                              -            (10)
       Cost at end of year                                                                                                    472            426

       Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year                                                                         (194)           (155)
         Depreciation charged to consolidated profit or loss statement                                                        (44)            (46)
         Disposals                                                                                                              -               7
       Accumulated depreciation at end of year                                                                               (238)           (194)

       Plant and equipment net book value                                                                                     235            232

     Property, plant and equipment cost at end of year                                                                      5,310           5,215
     Property, plant and equipment accumulated depreciation at                                                             (1,471)         (1,025)
     end of year
     Total property, plant and equipment net book value                                                                     3,839          4,190

     Vehicles include the following amounts where the Group is a leasee under a Capitalised Finance Lease:

     Cost Capitalised Finance Lease                                                                                         1,787          1,730
     Accumulated Depreciation                                                                                                (872)          (532)
     Net Book Amount                                                                                                          915          1,198

12   Intangible assets and Goodwill                                                                                         Group           Group
                                                                                                                             2019            2018
                                                                                                                             $000            $000
     Computer software
      Cost at beginning of year                                                                                               234            225
        Additions                                                                                                              22              9
      Cost at end of year                                                                                                     256            234

       Accumulated amortisation at beginning of year                                                                         (225)           (174)
         Amortisation charged to profit or loss statement                                                                      (9)            (51)
         Disposals                                                                                                              -               -
       Accumulated amortisation at end of year                                                                               (234)           (225)

       Computer software net book value                                                                                        22                 9

     Goodwill
      Cost at beginning of year                                                                                               742            100
        Additions                                                                                                               -            642
      Cost at end of year                                                                                                     742            742

     Total Intangible Assets and Goodwill                                                                                     764            751

     A Cash Generating Unit ("CGU") level summary of the goodwill allocation is presented below.

     2019                                                                                                  NZFL        Redshaw          Total
                                                                                                              $000          $000            $000
     Redshaw                                                                                                     -           642              642
     NZFL                                                                                                      100             -              100
     Total                                                                                                     100           642              742

     2018                                                                                                  NZFL        Redshaw          Total
                                                                                                              $000          $000            $000
     Redshaw                                                                                                     -          642              642
     NZFL                                                                                                      100             -             100
     Total                                                                                                    100           642              742

     Impairment Tests For Goodwill - Redshaw
     Goodwill arose on the acquisition of a controlling interest in Redshaw Livestock Limited. On an annual basis, the recoverable amount of
     Goodwill is determined based on value in use calculations specific to the Redshaw CGU. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow
     projections based on financial budgets prepared by management covering a five year period. Cash flows beyond the five year period are
     extrapolated by way of a terminal value calculation using the estimated growth rates stated below.

     Revenue Growth Rate                      5.0%
     Long Term Growth Rate                    2.5%
     Pre Tax Discount Rate                   15.0%

     The growth rates adopted are consistent with internal forecasts and budgets. The discount rate reflects the specific risks relating to the
     cash flow being discounted. As a result no impairment charge was recognised in the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            42
     Impact of possible changes in key assumptions

     Below is a sensitivity analysis showing the impact on value of changes to the key variables:

     The recoverable amount of the Redshaw CGU is estimated to have exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU at 30 June 2019 by
     $35,000.

     The recoverable amount of this CGU would equal its carrying amount if any of the key assumptions were to change as follows:

                                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                                          From            To
     Revenue Growth Rate (%)                                                                                                 5.0%            4.0%
     Long Term Growth Rate (%)                                                                                               2.5%            1.5%
     Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                                                                              15.0%           15.5%

     The Directors and management have considered and assessed reasonably possible changes for other key assumptions and have not
     identified any instances that could cause the carrying amount of the Redshaw CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.

     Impairment Test for Goodwill - NZFL
     Goodwill of $100,000 arose on the acquisition of a finance book from Stock Plan Limited previously supplying finance to a number of NZ
     Farmers Livestock Limited customers. On an annual basis the recoverable amount of this goodwill is tested by undertaking an
     assessment of its fair value less costs of disposal specific to the NZFL CGU ( comprising the Livestock Services business excluding
     Redshaw and the meat processing and trading business). This assessment uses the fair value multiple calculated upon acquisition of
     0.49. This multiple has been computed via dividing the total purchase price by total bull revenue, and is applied against the current
     year's earnings. No impairment charge was required to be recognised in the financial statements. There are no forseeable changes in
     assumptions which could result in a material impairment.

13   Investment in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                              2019             2018
     Subsidiaries of the Parent
     Allied Farmers Investments Limited                               Investment                                              100%           100%
     Allied Farmers Rural Limited                                     Investment                                              100%           100%
     ALF Nominees Limited                                             Non-Trading                                             100%           100%
     Allied Farmers (New Zealand) Ltd                                 Non-Trading                                             100%           100%

     Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Rural Limited
     NZ Farmers Livestock Limited                                     Livestock Agency and Finance                             67%             66%

     Subsidiary of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited
     Farmers Meat Exports Limited                                     Meat Processing and Trading                             100%           100%
     NZ Farmers Livestock Finance Ltd                                 Livestock Finance                                       100%           100%
     Redshaw Livestock Limited **                                     Livestock Agency                                         52%            52%

     Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Investments Limited
     Allied Farmers Property Holdings Limited                         Non trading                                             100%           100%
     QWF Holdings Limited                                             Non trading                                             100%           100%
     Clearwater Hotel 2004 Limited                                    Non trading                                             100%           100%
     Lifestyles of New Zealand Queenstown Limited                     Non trading                                             100%           100%
     LONZ 2008 Limited                                                Non trading                                             100%           100%
     LONZ 2008 Holdings Limited                                       Non trading                                             100%           100%

     Subsidiaries of Allied Farmers Property Holdings Limited
     UFL Lakeview Limited                                             Non trading                                             100%           100%
     5M No. 2 Limited                                                 Non trading                                             100%           100%

     All companies within the Group are incorporated in and have their principal place of business in New Zealand, and have a balance date of
     30 June.

     ** NZ Farmers Livestock Limited guarantees the BNZ bank overdraft of Redshaw Livestock up to $338,000, plus interest and costs.

14   Joint Arrangements

     The Group's subsidiary NZ Farmers Livestock Limited owns a proportion of various sale yard tangible assets and has joint arrangements
     in relation to the operation of these sale yards (referred to as 'Associated Auctioneers').

     These joint operations are in place over four different locations. These joint operations are charged with the operating activities of the
     sale yards including conducting sales of livestock via the auction process, maintaining the sale yards, collecting levies on livestock sales
     and meeting operating costs of the yards. If there is a shortfall in the income to meet the operating costs in any one year then the joint
     operation's parties are required to contribute to the shortfall in the proportion of their ownership of the sale yards.




                                                                                                                                             43
     The various joint operations are:
                                                                                                                                2019               2018
                                         Share of
                                           Joint      Location
                                         Operation
     - Associated Auctioneers              33%        Te Kuiti                                                                  $000            $000
       Summarised Balance Sheet
       Current Assets                                                                                                              53                81
       Current Liabilities                                                                                                         53                53
       Net Assets                                                                                                                   -                28

       Summarised statement of profit or loss
       Income                                                                                                                    263               280
       Expenses                                                                                                                  291               304
       Loss before taxation                                                                                                      (28)              (24)

     - Associated Auctioneers              50%        Stratford
       Summarised Balance Sheet
       Current Assets                                                                                                            184               147
       Current Liabilities                                                                                                        28                12
       Non current assets                                                                                                         43                23
       Net assets                                                                                                                199               158

       Summarised statement of profit or loss
       Income                                                                                                                    295               297
       Expenses                                                                                                                  254               219
       Profit                                                                                                                     41                78

     - Associated Auctioneers              50%        Frankton
       Summarised Balance Sheet
       Current Assets                                                                                                            212               111
       Current Liabilities                                                                                                        48                17
       Non current assets                                                                                                        104               112
       Net assets                                                                                                                268               206

       Summarised statement of profit or loss
       Income                                                                                                                    574               618
       Expenses                                                                                                                  412               363
       Profit                                                                                                                    162               255

     - Associated Auctioneers              25%        Morrinsville
       Summarised Balance Sheet
       Current Assets                                                                                                            172               174
       Current Liabilities                                                                                                        34                20
       Non current assets                                                                                                        206               217
       Net assets                                                                                                                344               371

       Summarised statement of profit or loss
       Income                                                                                                                    248               334
       Expenses                                                                                                                  275               275
       Loss                                                                                                                      (27)               59

     There are various contractual restrictions in relation to the assets and liabilities of these joint operations, such as requiring unanimous
     agreement in relation to accessing the bank accounts.



     The joint operation of the sale yards is strategically vital to the interests of NZ Farmers Livestock Limited as the sale yards activity
     provide significant income to NZ Farmers Livestock Limited via commission on the sale of livestock handled through the sale yards.


15   Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                                                2019               2018
     The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:                                                   $000               $000

     Redshaw Livestock Ltd original cost including legal expenses of 17% shareholding                                               -                -
     Additional cost of further 17% shareholding                                                                                    -                -
     Fair value adjustment recognised in other operating expense in                                                                 -                -
     Share of profit for year (net of dividend)                                                                                     -                -
     Total                                                                                                                          -                -

     Working capital loan                                                                                                           -                -
     The amounts recognised in the consolidated profit or loss are as follows;
     Redshaw Livestock Ltd                                                                                                          -                -




                                                                                                                                                44
     The associate listed below has share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, which are held directly by the Group:

         Name of entity                                  Place of        Nature of     Measurement
         Redshaw Livestock                                  NZ           Livestock        Equity
                                                                                                                                2019         2018
                                                                                                                                $000         $000
       Summarised Balance Sheet
       Current Assets                                                                                                             -                 -
       Current Liabilities                                                                                                        -                 -
       Non current assets                                                                                                         -                 -
       Net assets                                                                                                                 -                 -

       Summarised statement of profit or loss
       Income                                                                                                                     -                 -
       Expenses                                                                                                                   -                 -
       Profit before Tax                                                                                                          -                 -

       Reconciliation of summarised financial information
       Opening net assets at 1 July 2017                                                                                          -         1,281
       Profit for period after tax                                                                                                -             -
       Tax on previous year                                                                                                       -             -
       Dividend                                                                                                                   -             -
       Net assets at Date of acquisition of controlling interest                                                                  -         1,281

       Interest in associate at 34%                                                                                               -           436
       Amount brought to account on acquisition majority shareholding 1 July 2017 including a fair                                -          (436)
       value adjustment totalling ($38,000)
                                                                                                                                  -                 -

16   Trade and other receivables                                                                                             2019            2018
                                                                                                                             $000            $000
     Trade receivables livestock (gross)                                                                                   11,482           9,390
     Trade receivables finance (gross) - refer below                                                                        4,725           4,619
     Expected credit losses                                                                                                   (48)            (23)
     Trade receivables (net of provision)                                                                                  16,159          13,986
     Prepayments                                                                                                                2              13
                                                                                                                           16,161          13,999
     Aging of Past Due Receivables that are not impaired
     1-30 days                                                                                                                  433           852
     31-60 days                                                                                                                 261           123
     61-90 days                                                                                                                 305           246
     Total Past Due Receivables                                                                                                 999         1,221

     The entity has adopted the general expected credit loss model for material financial assets, e.g. in relation to customer loans. Refer Note
     21.1.

     It is expected that all trade receivables will be collected within 12 months of the balance date. All accounts past their due date have been
     subject to individual assessment. No credit losses are expected.

     There are also Finance Receivables totaling $635,993 which are past their due date at 30 June 2019 (2018 $379,444). All have been
     subject to specific assessment and there are no expected credit losses. Note that apart from one account of $30,134 (2018 $14,575) all
     are less than 4 months past due.

17   Inventories                                                                                                                2019         2018
     These comprise finished goods (after allowing for obsolete stock as at 30 June 2019 of $18,000) related to                 $000         $000
     the meat trading and processing business
                                                                                                                                197            122

18   Net Debt Reconciliation

     This section sets out an analysis of net debt and movements in net debt for the year ended 30 June 2019.                  2019          2018
                                                                                                                               $000          $000
     Borrowings - repayable within 1 year                                                                                   (2,409)        (2,939)
     Borrowings - repayable after 1 year                                                                                    (2,884)        (3,551)
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          2,301            569
     Net debt                                                                                                               (2,992)        (5,922)

     Cash and Bank Balances                                                                                                  2,301            569
     Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                                                      (2,716)        (3,441)
     Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                                                   (2,577)        (3,050)
     Net debt                                                                                                               (2,992)        (5,922)




                                                                                                                                            45
                                                                         Cash/Bank         Finance       Secured        Bonds           Total
     Net debt as at 1 July 2018                                                 569            (1,083)      (3,857)       (1,550)         (5,921)
     Cash Flows                                                               1,732               265          382           550           2,929
     Cash Flows from Finance Receivables - inflows                                 -                -        1,500             -           1,500
     Cash Flows from Finance Receivables - outflows                                -                -       (1,500)            -          (1,500)
     Net debt as at 30 June 2019                                              2,301              (818)      (3,475)       (1,000)         (2,992)

19   Reconciliation of net profit after tax for the year with cash flow from operating activities
                                                                                                                            June             June
                                                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                                                            $000             $000
                                                                                                           Note
     Net profit after tax for the period                                                                                    2,001            2,225

     Adjustments for:
       Impairment of debtors                                                                                                   25              (21)
       (Profit)/Loss on sale of assets                                                                                         46               59
       Depreciation                                                                                       11, 12              635               546
       Movement in deferred tax assets                                                                      5                 (81)            (159)
                                                                                                                              625              425

     Movement in working capital:
      (Increase)/Decrease in trade and other receivables                                                    16             (2,092)          (3,242)
      Increase/(Decrease) in payables and provisions                                                        10               2,691           2,488
      (Increase) in inventory                                                                               17                 (75)           (104)
      Decrease in tax payable                                                                                                  (78)              (7)
                                                                                                                               446            (865)
     Net cash (outflows)/inflows from operating activities                                                                   3,072            1,785

20   Related party transactions

     Overview of related party transactions
     All transactions with related parties are entered into in the ordinary course of business.

     Categories of related party relationships
     Related party transactions are detailed by reference to the following categories:
      (a) Key management personnel: those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
      the Group, directly or indirectly, including all directors.
       (b) Other related parties: Other related parties including entities that may have directors who are also directors of the Company.

       (a) Key management personnel
                                                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                                                             $000             $000

         Salaries and other short term benefits                                                                               300             354
         Directors fees                                                                                                       159             141
         Total key management personnel compensation                                                                          459             495

       Directors long service leave entitlement                                                                                56             218

       There are no directors fees unpaid as at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil).

       Certain directors and key management of the Group of companies have completed livestock trading transactions with the Group's
       subsidiary, NZ Farmers Livestock Limited, which over the year totalled $707,648 in sales (2018 $534,163), $491,425 in purchases
       (2018 $424,553), and $35,769 in commission (2018 $20,650).

       As at 30 June 2019 those directors and key management owed the Group $9,200 (2018: $226,781) which has since been settled and
       the Group owed those parties $131,316 (2018: $34,044) for livestock transactions at arms length on normal commercial terms. There
       have been no bad debts written off any of these amounts.

       (b) Other related parties

       Albany Braithwaite Holdings an associated person of Director Mark Benseman is the holder of $600,000 in bonds.

       Allied Farmers Rural Limited during the year has lent surplus funds to its subsidiary NZ Farmers Livestock Limited on commercial
       terms set at arms length, these funds being on call and interest bearing at a rate comparable to the bank facilities. As at 30 June 2019
       the total of these funds lent to NZ Farmers Livestock Limited was $1,296,000 (2018 $878,000).




                                                                                                                                             46
21   Financial risk management

21.1 Credit risk

     Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty to a transaction with the Group will fail to discharge its obligations, causing the Group to incur a
     financial loss. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash
     equivalents, and trade and other receivables.

     The Group's assets subject to credit risk as at 30 June 2019 are $16.159 million (2018 $13.986 million).

     The Group manages its exposure using a credit policy that includes limits on exposures with significant counterparties that have been set
     and approved by the Board and are monitored on a regular basis and does not have any significant concentration of risk with any single
     party.

     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, market risk (including currency and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity
     risk. The Group’s overall risk management program seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


     Risk exposures by class of financial instrument

     The Group's financial assets are categorised into cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, and advances.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     The Group is exposed to the risk of default by placing cash deposits with banks.The maximum credit risk is the face value of its cash
     deposits. The Group's exposure to banks is unsecured. To manage this risk, the Group only deposits cash with New Zealand registered
     banks. While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the expected credit loss requirements of NZ IFRS 9 the identified expected
     credit losses was immaterial.

     Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest income from cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in interest rates. An
     increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would increase post tax profits by $8,970 and would decrease post tax profit if a 100 point
     decrease in interest rates occurred.

     Trade and other receivables
     For all trade and other receivables, there is the risk that the counterparty to the receivables may not settle its obligations when they fall
     due. The maximum credit risk is the face value of the trade and other receivables. The exposures are largely unsecured except for
     receivables for livestock finance which are secured over the livestock. Risk exposures in trade and other receivables are managed on a
     case-by-case basis depending on the materiality of the exposure.

     The Group's largest percentage of trade and finance receivables is made up of transactions with small scale rural consumers. An internal
     review is completed over the credit worthiness based upon financing information of these consumers before financing is made available.
     No credit risk rating grades are completed for the trade and finance receivables.

     The credit quality of financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired can be assessed by reference to historical information about
     counterparty default rates.
                                                                                                                               2019          2018
     Credit quality of financial assets                                                                                        $000          $000
     Cash at bank
     ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited                                                                                             1,971           264
     Bank of New Zealand                                                                                                        245           240
     TSB Bank Limited                                                                                                             85            65
                                                                                                                              2,301           569
     All banks have a minimum rating of A- or higher.
                                                                                                                               2019          2018
     Trade and Finance Receivables                                                                                             $000          $000
     Counterparties without external credit rating
     Group 1                                                                                                                  1,318         2,697
     Group 2                                                                                                                14,841         11,289
                                                                                                                            16,159         13,986

     Trade and Finance Receivables written off at year end                                                                             24               31




                                                                                                                                                   47
21   Financial risk management (continued)

     Group 1 - new customers less than six months
     Group 2 - existing customers more than six months with no defaults in the past

     The Group has no credit rating for Trade and Finance Receivables. The Group continually assesses the Trade and Finance
     Receivables credit risk and measures the risk against receipts that may not have been paid on time. The Group's experience is
     that the rates of default by Trade and Finance Receivables is minimal.

     Credit Risk Disclosures - customer loans, general expected credit loss model applied

     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of an asset and whether there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase
     in credit risk, the company compares the risk of default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk as at the
     date of initial recognition. It considers available and reasonable supportive forward looking information. Especially the following
     indicators are incorporated:

     - actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
     to cause a significant change in the borrowers ability to meet its obligations.

     - significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes in the
     borrowers operating results

     Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 60 days past due in
     making a contractual payment.


     A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 90 days of when they fall due.

     Financial Risk Management
     Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a
     repayment plan with the Group. The Group categorises a loan or receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make
     contractual payments more than 180 days past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the company continues
     to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made these are recognised
     in profit or loss.

     The Group uses 3 categories of loans which reflect their credit risk and how the loan loss provision is determined for each of
     those categories

     Category                                  Definition of                                    Basis for recognition of
                                               Category                                            expected credit loss
     Stage 1 - Performing                      Loans whose credit risk is in line with original 12 month expected losses
                                               expectations.
     Stage 2 - Underperforming                 Loans for which a significant increase in        Lifetime expected losses
                                               credit risk has occurred compared to original
                                               expectations. A significant increase in credit
                                               risk is presumed if interest and/or principal
                                               repayments are 60 days past due.

     Stage 3 - Non-Performing (credit          Interest and/or principal repayments are 90     Lifetime expected losses
     impaired)                                 days past due or it becomes probable a
                                               customer will enter into bankruptcy.
                                               Interest and/or principal repayments are 180 Asset is written off
                                               days past due and there is no reasonable
     Stage 4 - Write-off                       expectation of recovery.

21.2 Liquidity risk

     Liquidity risk is reviewed on an ongoing basis and managed to meet requirements. Cash flow forecasting is performed in the
     operating entities of the Group and aggregated at Group level. The Group monitors rolling forecasts of the Group's liquidity
     requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs while maintaining sufficient headroom on its undrawn
     committed borrowing facilities (note 9) at all times so that the Group does not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where
     applicable) on any of its borrowing facilities.

     The amounts disclosed in the tables below show the contractual undiscounted cash flows due on financial liabilities. The
     amounts below also reflect the contractual repricing timing on financial liabilities, if applicable.




                                                                                                                                   48
     30 June 2019                                                          Under 6 6-12              1-2             2-5             Over 5
                                                              Total        Months Months             Years           Years           Years
     $000
     Financial liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                     12,923     12,923              -              -                -                  -
     Borrowings - ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd                         3,705        339          1,675            514            1,177                  -
     Borrowings - Finance Leases                                     921        310            235            325               51                  -
     Borrowings - Bonds                                            1,165         37             37             73            1,018                  -

     Gross payable on financial liabilities                       18,714     13,609          1,947            912            2,246                  -

     30 June 2018                                                          Under 6 6-12              1-2             2-5             Over 5
                                                              Total        Months Months             Years           Years           Years
     $000
     Financial liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                     10,232     10,232              -              -                -                  -
     Borrowings - ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd                         4,299        300          1,793            514            1,692                  -
     Borrowings - Finance Leases                                   1,187        270            263            461              193                  -
     Borrowings - Bonds                                            1,815        319            326             73            1,097                  -

     Gross payable on financial liabilities                       17,533     11,121          2,382           1,048           2,982                  -

21.3 Market risk

     Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
     prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: currency risk, interest rate risk, and other price risk. The Group is not exposed to
     other price risk or currency risk.

     Market risk sensitivity analysis
     If market interest rates for borrowings - other assets (secured) were to increase or decrease by 50 basis points (bps) the affect on
     net profit after tax, and equity, for the year as applied to year end balances would be as follows:
                                                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                                                        $000           $000
     Borrowings - ANZ Bank Limited and bonds (secured)
     If interest rates for the year were 50 bps higher or lower
            Effect on net profit for the year / equity                                                   +/-              24             31

21.4 Capital management

     The Group's capital is its equity on the consolidated balance sheet, including its share capital and accumulated losses.

     The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk
     characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares, sell
     assets, seek new debt funding, or adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders.

21.5 Offsetting financial assets and liabilities

     The ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited in accordance with the mortgage over the NZ Farmers Livestock Limited sale yards assets may
     (but is not obliged to) debit any of the Borrower’s other bank accounts with the ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited with any amount
     payable by the Borrower under that mortgage agreement.


     The result of this arrangement is that the ANZ saleyards borrowings of $1,974,930 (2018 $2,357,757) and ANZ finance receivables
     of $1,500,000 (2018 $1,500,000) could be settled by realising the assets over which they are secured. Refer also Note 9.

22 Contingent assets and liabilities

     There were no material contingent assets or liabilities outstanding as at 30 June 2019 for the Group (2018: nil).

23 Commitments

     The following amounts have been committed by the Group but not recognised in the
     financial statements:                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                                             $000             $000
     Operating lease commitments
     Not later than one year                                                                                                 123              119
     Later than one year and not later than five years                                                                        87              137
     Later than five years                                                                                                     -                -
                                                                                                                             210              256




                                                                                                                                              49
    The Group leases premises, plant and equipment and motor vehicles. Operating leases held over properties give the Group
    the right to renew the lease subject to a redetermination of the lease rental by the lessor. There are no renewal options or
    options to purchase in respect of plant and equipment held under operating leases. There are options to purchase in respect of
    motor vehicles held under finance leases (refer note 9). There are also options to purchase Land and Buildings currently
    leased if certain criteria are met.

24 Financial assets and liabilities

    Cash and short term deposits
    These are short term in nature and their carrying value is equivalent to their fair value.

    Trade, related party and other receivables
    These assets are short term in nature and are reviewed for impairment; their carrying value approximates their fair value.

    Trade, related party and other payables
    These liabilities are mainly short term in nature with their carrying value approximating their fair value.

    Borrowings
    Borrowings have fixed and floating interest rates. Fair value is estimated using the discounted cash flow model based on a
    current market interest rate for similar products; their carrying value approximates their fair value.

    The Group’s classification of each class of financial assets and their fair values is set out below:

                                                                                                 Financial         Financial       Total
                                                                                                 Assets at        Liabilities
                                                                                                 Amortised            at
                                                                                                   Cost           Amortised
                                                                                                                     Cost
    30 June 2019                                                                                    $000             $000        $000

    Assets per balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          2,301             -         2,301
    Finance Receivables                                                                                4,710             -         4,710
    Trade and other receivables                                                                       11,449                 -    11,449
                                                                                                      18,460                 -    18,460
    Liabilities per balance sheet
    Trade and other payables                                                                                -         12,923      12,923
    Borrowings - Bank                                                                                       -          3,475       3,475
    Borrowings - Bonds                                                                                      -          1,000       1,000
    Borrowings - Finance Leases                                                                             -            818         818
                                                                                                            -         18,216      18,216

    30 June 2018                                                                                    $000             $000        $000

    Assets per balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            569             -           569
    Trade and other receivables                                                                       13,986             -        13,986
                                                                                                      14,555             -        14,555
    Liabilities per balance sheet
    Trade and other payables                                                                                -         10,232       3,857
    Borrowings - Bank                                                                                       -          3,857       1,550
    Borrowings - Bonds                                                                                      -          1,550       1,083
    Borrowings - Finance Leases                                                                             -          1,083      16,722
                                                                                                            -         16,722      23,212

    Financial Assets pledged as collateral for bank facilities
                                                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                                                     $000        $000

    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          1,971        397
    Trade and other receivables                                                                                       16,159     13,986
                                                                                                                      18,130     14,383




                                                                                                                                   50
   The pledged assets are secured to ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd under the following securities:

   (a) Cross guarantee and indemnity between NZ Farmers Livestock Limited, Farmers Meat Export Limited, and NZ Farmers
   Livestock Finance Limited.
   (b) Registered first ranking general security agreement over the present and after acquired property of Farmers Meat Export
   Limited.
   (c) Registered first ranking general security agreement over the present and after acquired property of NZ Farmers Livestock
   Limited.
   (d) Registered first ranking general security agreement over the present and after acquired property of NZ Farmers Livestock
   Finance Limited.

25 Subsequent Events

   On 1 July 2019, Allied Farmers Limited announced that they will undergo a capital decrease of shares ("share
   consolidation"). Shareholders received one ordinary share for every ten ordinary shares held at 5pm on the
   record date of 16 July 2019. Implementation date was Wednesday 17 July 2019. As a result of the consolidation
   the number of shares will be reduced from 178,547,294 to approximately 17,854,729 Shares.

   On 30 July 2019, Redshaw Livestock Limited declared a dividend of which the Group's share is $104,000.




                                                                                                                            51
Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Allied Farmers Limited

We have audited the consolidated financial statements which comprise:
   the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2019;
   the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;
   the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended;
   the statement of accounting policies; and
   the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Allied Farmers Limited (the
Company), including its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Group as at 30 June 2019, its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ
IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
(NZ)) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) Code
of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements.
Our firm carried out other services for the Group in the area of tax consulting services subsequent to 30
June 2019. The provision of these other services has not impaired our independence as auditor of the
Group.




                                                                                                             52
PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Centre, 10 Waterloo Quay, PO Box 243, Wellington 6140, New Zealand
T: +64 4 462 7000, pwc.co.nz
Our audit approach
Overview
                          An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the consolidated
                          financial statements are free from material misstatement.
                          Overall Group materiality: $108,600, which represents approximately 5% of
                          profit before tax.
                          We chose profit before tax as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the
                          benchmark against which the performance of the Group is most commonly
                          measured by users, and is a generally accepted benchmark.
                          We have determined that there is one key audit matter:
                             Assessment of goodwill for impairment



Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out
above. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.
Audit scope
We designed our audit by assessing the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated financial
statements and our application of materiality. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of
management override of internal controls including among other matters, consideration of whether there
was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the
accounting processes and controls, and the industries in which the Group operates.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. We have one key audit matter: the
assessment of goodwill for impairment. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                            53
 Key audit matter                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Assessment of goodwill for impairment           Our audit procedures included the following
 As disclosed in Note 12 to the consolidated
                                                       We understood and evaluated the Group’s
 financial statements, the Group has
                                                        processes and controls relating to the goodwill
 $742,000 of goodwill, comprising
                                                        impairment assessment.
 $100,000 relating to NZ Farmers Livestock
 Limited (NZFL) and $642,000 relating to               We obtained management’s valuation of the
 Redshaw Livestock Limited (Redshaw).                   relevant CGU’s and undertook the following:
 Management is required to undertake an                 o   Compared forecast results to the Board-
 impairment assessment of goodwill at least                 approved budget;
 annually. No impairment charge has been
 recorded against goodwill in the current               o   Challenged management on key
 financial year.                                            assumptions including forecast revenue
                                                            growth rates and the terminal value growth
 The impairment assessment of goodwill                      rate;
 involves valuing the cash generating unit(s)
 (CGUs), including goodwill. Management                 o   Assessed management’s forecasting
 has identified two CGUs: NZFL and                          accuracy by comparing historical forecasts
 Redshaw. While judgement underpins any                     to actual results; and
 impairment assessment, the Redshaw CGU                 o   Used an in-house valuation expert to test
 is the only CGU requiring significant                      the mathematical accuracy of the goodwill
 judgement due to the nature of the                         impairment model and assess the
 assessment and the significant value                       reasonableness of the discount rate and
 attributed to goodwill. Therefore, the                     terminal value growth rate.
 goodwill impairment assessment for
 Redshaw was considered a key audit                    We also assessed whether management’s
 matter.                                                disclosures relating to the impairment
                                                        assessment, including disclosures of the
 Management has prepared a goodwill                     sensitivities of key assumptions, were consistent
 impairment assessment using a discounted               with the requirements of accounting standards.
 cash flow model to determine a value in use
 for the Redshaw CGU. The valuation             The audit procedures performed responded to the risk
 requires the use of judgements and             surrounding the judgements and estimates made by
 estimates in forecasting future cash flows     management in concluding there was no impairment of
 including revenue growth rates, the            the carrying value of goodwill.
 discount rate and the terminal growth rate.
 Management has assessed that the goodwill
 is able to be supported by the discounted
 cash flows over a five year forecast period,
 including a terminal value.

Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report
The Directors are responsible for the annual report. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
does not cover the other information included in the annual report and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion on the other information.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained
prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                          54
Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as
the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements, as
a whole, are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is
located at the External Reporting Board’s website at:
https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/
This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Who we report to
This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been undertaken
so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for
no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report or for the opinions we have formed.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Christopher Ussher.
For and on behalf of:




 Chartered Accountants                                                                           Wellington
 27 August 2019




                                                                                                          55
COMPANY DIRECTORY

Directors of the Company
                                                      Auditors
Mark Benseman (Chairperson) BA (Hons in Economics).
                                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
2b/3 Clyde Quay Wharf
                                                      10 Waterloo Quay
Te Aro
                                                      P.O. Box 243
Wellington 6011
                                                      Wellington 6011


Philip C Luscombe BAgSci (Hons)
                                                      Share Registrar
199 Palmer Road
                                                      Link Market Services Limited
RD 28
                                                      PO Box 91976
Hawera 4678
                                                      Auckland 1142


G Andrew McDouall BCA, Dip NZSE
                                                      Shareholder Enquiries
5 Fancourt Street
                                                      Link Market Services Limited
Karori
                                                      Ph: 09 375 5998
Wellington 6012
                                                      Fax: 09 375 5990

                                                      Email: lmsenquiries@linkmarketservices.com
Marise James FCA, FInstD
                                                      PO Box 91976
3 Sunset Street
                                                      Auckland 1142
Bell Block,

New Plymouth 4312



Richard Perry B Com (Hons), FCA, CTP

116 Woburn Road

Woburn

Lower Hutt 5010


Registered Office of the Company

201 Broadway

Stratford 4332


Postal Address of the Company

PO Box 304

Stratford 4352

Ph: 06 765 6199




                                                                                                   56
